>Nostoc_sp._'Peltigera_neopolydactyla_(Goffinet9381_DNA2308(CONN))_cyanobiont'  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=Nostoc sp. 'Peltigera neopolydactyla (Goffinet9381_DNA2308(CONN)) cyanobiont',definition=vnfDG
ergcsycgaklxiggxlkdtlqlihgpxgcaydtwhtkrypsdngnfqliyvwssdmkeqhvvfggekllkkalleafaefpdikrmmvyttcstaligddinpvvkevekelgdvdiftvecpgfagvsqskghxvfnmgwmtdkvgtyepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvmekymekigvqiiahftgngtydslrgmhraqlnvtncarsagyianelkkkygipridvdtwgfdyakeglrkigaffgiedraeaviaeevakyesklewykerltgkkvciwtgg
>nitrogen_fixing_bacterium_ANFK33  coded_by=1482..3089,organism=nitrogen fixing bacterium ANFK33,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpyhqfkcseciperlkhavdkgegeeltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdngcfqlkytfasdmkeahvvfgaekmlkkniieafkafpnikrmtiyqtcasaligddinaiaeevmdempgvkifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkinlawlsqmvgtvepkiyskyvinyvgeyniqgdqeimkdyfhrmgiqilstftgngrfddlcamhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprmdidgfgfealsdsllkigyffgieeraraiieeetarwkpeldwyaarlkglkvclwpggsklwhwahsihkemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceegalaiddpnelegleamytlkpdiiftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynavyspihklsfidlskdeipvdkgfetqqmysdgnlpdevkndtglrqcsskydpipalrektycfpdpktgewrvipneelskknsgtv
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=2818854..2820359,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=Nitrogenase
malnlktpqvetrdqrlgtitqwdgnagqlvkdsaftfgcskgcenggrrlceqstpfaqasmcaehiavtnatiiqdsvvvqhspigcaasqsftaryyrdlaarrgwkledpksictnlgeqdmvfggvarledtirdayerhkprvifvatscatgiigddvdgaakrvedeigipvvtlhcegfkskhwssgwdviehgilrrlvpepprkqpdlinvihlggpdvfspllnplglrvnlvmggntlerlaqmseaaatvtmcfvlsylatgleqqfgvpevraplpygldatdnwlrdiarltgtsdkveaviaserarvapelarlrkaltgkrgfvaagaafahglladlrelgvtvdnafsfhhdpttdsgdpqqdslghlvdawgdipnytvspdqhfqahaallrakpefvicrhtgtlavlagrmgipvlpifysndglgyeglltigrailrvlprkrfyedvaghssfpyqpwwlaetdpyapilepa
>Methylosinus_trichosporium_OB3b  coded_by=complement(4844..6406),organism=Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlnpflpkkqkglpirwrtgpsagkvglssaefsappvaearvvtdpspyrkdprgrkpksegpkpreraasdlfpaqiarspseagrlkncsghflaesnsgwganldmlslahgpvgcgvfsqagrftspgftqgvdgftalhactnlggddlpdggdeklaraldeaatlfplargvtilnedpilfldanvkgvaktkakeldrlitplaceaarsappyivdtawalrgaasrvraeprsrdvaitffreavglvwivskllrdiglqpvhaltgsstsdmarvsackliigfslgrepspdhlvggyahllhkwfgapiqwtcfagpsatdaslrklavcfgprvaaraervvaenrslveaivsryrprlegkllihfepmtddqlepfrllgmrigdvtgwegktgkrrtprrvcdgerpsleaieayiveaapdlvlgldrdefdwrkrgraalpfsslfdrkgnafwgydgfaclaaeldrclnapwrglveppwsksipisktpssgar
>Limnoraphis_robusta_CS-951  coded_by=14986..16434,organism=Limnoraphis robusta CS-951,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mstvednkqliqdvleaypekakkqrakhlnvheegkadcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiteieelfplnggisiqsecpvgligddiesvaregsketgktiapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadkenlefeatdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslraiaanfddnikegaerviakyqkqaedviakyrpklegqkvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefahnddykrtahyvkdatviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwkktvks
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=4329..5915,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgvmthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivllthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkavpqkgdgnfiqycfstnlgesdivfggekklkaaikeivdifnpkaificatcpvgligddlpavaneskelygidvisfpcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigtmdytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigyevisvmtgdasiddirkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpefterteaviaeeledikddmdyyrskltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptiiedadlknievlevekiegkykpvktdeeleelkkeiinleyypgmmrdmkkgsivvddlnefeteefikklkldmffsgikdkyiiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgaanfgrdvtmslytpawkytvapwktesilegtfggev
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._AAP120  coded_by=complement(6868..8331),organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. AAP120,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstavaespadikernkaliaevleaypdksakrrakhlnsydaekaecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyykgvtgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplskgisvqsecpigligddieavskakskqydgkpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvfdkageknagfqstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgpskieaslreiaskfddkikegaerviakykpkmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgvkekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfgifardmdiainapvwkltkapws
>Sphingomonas_sp._WHSC-8  coded_by=complement(3247457..3249121),organism=Sphingomonas sp. WHSC-8,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslsqtvqdvfnepgcgknqnksdkerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgpqlyrtgfttdinetdivfggekhlfkaireivakyappavfvyqtcvpamigddidavckaaaekfgtpvvpinspgfvgpknlgnklageallahvigtrepeyttpydiniigeynlagelwqvkplldelgirilscisgdaryeevawshrakaammvcskaminvarkmeerydipffegsfygigdmsdslreiarlliekgadpelmdrteaviareearawdriapyaarlagkkvllvtggvkswsvvaalqeagmeivgtsikkstkedkdkikelmgadahmfddltpremyrmlktaeadimlsggrsqfialkagmpwldinqerhyayagyhgmvalvreiartlfnpiwdevrrpapwaeagvdwqalamaepeetvepetpeqaeaarrtatlckcmgvatgaiedavatgcatraavsgatgaatkcgscgvlvdeiladagplrramqaaa
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=235850..237355,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=possible nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain (nitrogenase component I) (dinitrogenase)
malnlktpqvetrdqrlgtitqwdgnagqlvkdsaftfgcskgcenggrrlceqstpfaqasmcaehiavtnatiiqdsvvvqhspigcaasqsftaryyrdlaarrgwkledpksictnlgeqdmvfggvarledtirdayerhkprvifvatscatgiigddvdgaakrvedeigipvvtlhcegfkskhwssgwdviehgilrrlvpepprkqpdlinvihlggpdvfspllnplglrvnlvmggntlerlaqmseaaatvtmcfvlsylatgleqqfgvpevraplpygldatdnwlrdiarltgtsdkveaviaserarvapglarlrkaltgkrgfvaagaafahglladlrelgvtvddafsfhhdpttdsgdpqqdslghlvdawgdipnytvspdqhfqahaallrakpdfvicrhtgtlavlagrmgipvlpifysndglgyeglltigrailrvlprrrfyedvaahssfpyqpwwlaetdpyapilepa
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraqrviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2715568..2717283,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein VnfE-related oxidoreductase subunit
mhdnlselpitddtpinlkentcptreqrlsvainayygtmsdlvkgtrekslvqpdrcfeqsgncllalnaqrlisirdsvllfhspigcaagqhsshelfqhipieqgrpadlgffhavstnltdsdvvfgggeklvaalkeadrryspraifvvtscasgiigddlegavneaqphvkakivpchtegfrsrvtqtgydafwhgvlkylvrkdlprekdlvnvtnmfsytwmdkieinrlltklglrvnfipefasvedlermgaaavtapicptfadylmrgldehfgvpyfndvipfgikktdewlrriasytgkekeveelikeehatyipkvdkirqgledirrrmvakgtkkegekltaigavgqgrvighavfleelglevaaacaidydsliadsfdslvkevgdfivlvstfqaadyanlfarlkpdlslqapfkggviktahtigtihwlrghnhpsqvqagyagavgygdmvlrsfqntaltklladfddspykdwwykadplhyvkgrdeifksnpltipddpdhghehddhrhhdhghthshghdhgqdhahghkh
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=190..>1416,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=alpha subunit of MoFe protein ; nifD gene; ( AA 1-409)
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrnkhlavndpavtqskkciisnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddiesvskvkgaelsktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlgkrdedttfastpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrcvaqwsgdgsiseieltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaakfdesiqkkceeviakykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtmkemgdstllyddvtgyef
>Rhizobium_phaseoli_Ch24-10  coded_by=complement(109308..110810),organism=Rhizobium phaseoli Ch24-10,definition=nitrogenase, iron-molybdenum alpha chain protein NifD
msldyendsvlheqliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkeaapaeavaae
>Rhizobium_phaseoli_Ch24-10  coded_by=complement(14614..16116),organism=Rhizobium phaseoli Ch24-10,definition=nitrogenase, iron-molybdenum alpha chain NifD
msldyendsvlheqliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkeaapaeavaae
>Azoarcus_sp._BH72  coded_by=572230..573705,organism=Azoarcus sp. BH72,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msnltreetdaliqevlevypekakkdrakhlavndqsitqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtirgcayagsrgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgqysrggrrnyyvgttgvntfaemnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaqamaeieqlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkaaaqynkvvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdyvlsnrdgkefestpydvtiigdyniggdawasrifleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaementpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptkieeslrriaaffddsikakceeviakykpmmqavidkykprlqgkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtiqemgnatllyddvtgfeleefvkrikpdlvgsgikekyiyqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwgkqtppwkkteatedvkaaa
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis_G4  coded_by=590558..592021,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis G4,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtatveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqqlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkateyaghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdktdpdkrpafestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddtikanaekviakyrplmdaviarykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveqvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspvwslakapwkkaa
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=complement(45656..47119),organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtatveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqqlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkateyaghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdktdpdkrpafestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddtikanaekviakyrplmdaviarykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveqvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspvwslakapwkkaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._La5-8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. La5-8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqtlfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsraksreydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitseaelrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Synechococcus_sp._JA-3-3Ab  coded_by=1836519..1837925,organism=Synechococcus sp. JA-3-3Ab,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mplisrtkvaellnetacehnhkkdgkgknkvcaeqakpggaqggcafdgasialvpiadaahlvhgpiacsgnswgtrgslssgpqlyrvgfttdlseneiifggeeklfqaildlqakyqpaaifvyltcvtaligddveavcqrasrqlgipvipvnapgfvgsknlgnrlagealldyvigtaspeyttprdinligeyniagelwdvlplfdelgirilakitgdgryreictahraklnvlicakallnvgrkmqerygipyieasfyglqemnhclraiaqglkdpelqertealieretrateaalapyrqrlagkrvvlytggvkswsiisaardlgmqvtatstrksteedkarirellgqdgilldkgspqellkvvertkadlliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhayagyrglvnlareidaalhspiweqlrrpapwetsaakevggwps
>Candidatus_Desulforudis_audaxviator_MP104C  coded_by=165256..166704,organism=Candidatus Desulforudis audaxviator MP104C,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpflrlkcdeliperekhtyitdrenpviplcnintipgdmterguafagargvvggpitdaiqivhapvgcayytwatrrhlsdqyawsmpgrldnvafnrrfcvctdmeekdvvfggtkkllksaleavrlfpeatgiimyttcttgligddigsvakqieretgkpvffaeapgcsgvsqskghhvanrqffeqineirrrrpelitpeaertpydvvlvgeynmdwdlkvilplmesigmrvvstftgnarmmdlvrlpdtklnvvhcqrsatyiadmikegydipyvkasffgiqqtskalrtiarhfgleeraeqviaaetiriqpalewyrerlqgktvavyvggprvwhwiklfeelgmkvvagactfaheddyekinaragdgvliidnpnefeieelletckpdiflcglkekflgrkmgvptlnshsyekgpyagyvgfinfardiyqalyapvwrltngkeavtnygrql
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=48606..50141,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mskksdndssvvfqgrlselyrlakegkiptslqgshtrpckfwtatkilsginnsviithgpsgcaygvkktykltnsrnsgsiyepvistnmdekkvvyggdkeldgaisevdekyhpdvifvasscatgiigdnidaivekkskeinaeimaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfeqmvklmdppskelkeelkhsvnivggkmgaertevqtdvkelirlvtemgakvnsiiagnctleelkrapsvavncalcldigyamgntmlkefntplnstilpygieatkkwlkgaakylhmeaeaealikkefeeikqefeeakeklkgktaiieghdavkclsiahmlerdfgmdpiiynfhpwstdarqtsidylletgmdpkilitkgtlafgkyesmkqteeelmsfigdlnpettvyfgsslsfpkipvvdlnailnrprfgfkgalkvakcintalqysfrersamfkkivfpeesvgltsnsltsklgsdlpdctmygerrrgkcmms
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C067A000  coded_by=complement(25558..27060),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C067A000,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C089B000  coded_by=6946..8448,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C089B000,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC405B00  coded_by=complement(38201..39703),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC405B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC440B00  coded_by=81116..82618,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC440B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC440A00  coded_by=complement(18533..20035),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC440A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C085B000  coded_by=78923..80413,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C085B000,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerkllkaileikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddievvckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagetllehvigtlepndagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygisatsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrlrlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkarikqilkddnhifeqmaprelyamlserkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqvrepapwdcqptvreerprtrsdtvtlhavqefsgttagdfgec
>Richelia_intracellularis_HH01  coded_by=20658..22145,organism=Richelia intracellularis HH01,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mtppdnnlveehkklveevlqkypeksrkkrakhlnvhqegktdcgvksnvksipgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgetgvdsfgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiieeieelfplhrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskkigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfpkydeakknnsldfspspydvaligdyniggdawssrllleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaakltlihcyrsmnyicrsleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaarfdqkikdnaekviakyqhimdevvkkyrprlegnsvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvmgtgyefahgddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmalnsptwdlvatpwkkkavetkaa
>Rhizobium_etli_CIAT_652  coded_by=complement(284137..285627),organism=Rhizobium etli CIAT 652,definition=nitrogenase protein, NifE
mpllnakvqdvfdepaceknrskdskarkngcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihgplgcegnswdnrgsassgptlwrtsfttdltetevvmghgerklfkaireikeayappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigsvepndvtaydiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvmqgadpeilertealiaeeeaiawmklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmevgieivgtsvkkstpedkerikqllkdekhlfesmaprelynmladgkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwmevrepapwecqhaveeeltntksenetgyvlqnfvgavagsfgkr
>Rhizobium_phaseoli_Ch24-10  coded_by=complement(11400..12890),organism=Rhizobium phaseoli Ch24-10,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpllnakvqdvfdepaceknrskdskarkngcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihgplgcegnswdnrgsassgptlwrtsfttdltetevvmghgerklfkaireikeayappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigsvepndvtaydiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvmqgadpeilertealiaeeeaiawmklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmevgieivgtsvkkstpedkerikqllkdekhlfesmaprelynmladgkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwmevrepapwecqhaveeeltntksenetgyvlqnfvgavagsfgkr
>Desulfatibacillum_alkenivorans_AK-01  coded_by=complement(2002194..2003555),organism=Desulfatibacillum alkenivorans AK-01,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein
mssipilkareaqihtkgekpfdmtcgkhsvagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlihgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpqlhrlsfstdlrerdvifggekkleaaldelidqykpkaafvystcivgiigddvaavcrktqakkgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaacdalfklvgkgstedvspvsinilgefniggeawiikeyyermgvqvvsvmtgdgrvdeigkshgaalnvvqcsgaltflaemmkeeygtpyirvsyigiddmakslydvaarfpdnpeimertrkivreeveailpelneirkdlegkkaaiyvggafkafslikalnylgmkvvlvgsqtgnkedyktlqemcddgtiilddanplelskyiiekdadlfiggvkerpiafkmgigfcdhnherkiplagfrgmlafarevhtsvtspvwqfcparlgnkee
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=48694..50196,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msviekqsvaeikarnkeliaevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdklpadaaprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekynipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasyfddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmtkapwkqapkpllqaae
>Geofilum_rubicundum_JCM_15548  coded_by=complement(131538..132866),organism=Geofilum rubicundum JCM 15548,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
masyilterqkqvarsgletgqmvcnkpsvagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlihgpigcaaytwdirgamssgpelhrmsfstdlsekevvfggepklkvglvelidkyqpkaafvystcivgiigddvekicrqiaeekqipvipvqapgfqgskkdgykvacealfqltgtlnlpvpqysinilgdfnlagelwilmdyyqrmgvhinatitgdgrvdairnahnsalnvvqcsgsmihlakmmkekygtpfmhvsyfgiedmsdalyevakffkseelmskareivkeeisrlmpamqwyreqlegkkaaiyvggafkaislikalrligmktvivgsqtgnaddyevikklsdedtiivddsnpvelsnfvkekqadvfiggvkerpiahkigigfcdhnherkealagyegmmnfakeihatvmspvwkftk
>Methanosarcina_horonobensis_HB-1  coded_by=complement(826062..827615),organism=Methanosarcina horonobensis HB-1,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkeltgivdtleerqpyitrkqekeqviplacdntslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkevdvvfggekklsnaidelvgiyrppvvfvystcivgiigddlesvcktaskkhsipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeeekkpgigtevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlikplfeqmgievivsmtgdsttesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqkefgipyqtisffgiedisiallktaeyfgseemkkiaeeileaetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlkpeslesekatvelgqekatveekisekphakkckgialkpeflhsgsdaavesev
>Cylindrospermopsis_sp._CR12  coded_by=complement(159599..160981),organism=Cylindrospermopsis sp. CR12,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
mkmtqgkinellnesgcehnqkkqaqkknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpmlyktgfttdltendvifggekklyqaileihkryqpsavfvyatcvtaligddmeavckvaaekigipvipvispgfigsknlgnrfageslleyvvgtgepehttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlakitgdaryqeityahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerygipyieesfygiddinhclinvaaklgdgelqartkkliaeetaaldialapyrerlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikkllgndgimlekgnaqellklvrdtkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagymgmvemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwdngetf
>Frankia_sp._EAN1pec  coded_by=complement(8384567..8386027),organism=Frankia sp. EAN1pec,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtttpapqraeteamiaevleqypqkaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdlvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvtnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpkleqvcdeinelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrtaskklgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggesfketpydvaligdyniggdawasrriledmglrviaqwsgdgtlnemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwiefnffgptkivnsmraiaakfdetiqakteaaiaryqkrfdeitaafkprldgkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtyaelkegvvlyddptafeleefakrlkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainsptwdlmetpwskagevf
>Methanobacterium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34  coded_by=complement(5358..7046),organism=Methanobacterium sp. Maddingley MBC34,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlknnkshhnpqtgdeevissldlpeikipeipkdvistlksrrkhmcikregnestpacnqasvpgmvtqrscvyggarvvlmpitdaihlvhgplgcasctwdirgsrssgselyrngfstdlqekdivfggekklletiielnqlfkpaaifvyatcvvgligddlksvcreateitgsrvipvqsegfrsvnkslghqlacdamieyligtepphksiktpqkkiktlkidisptdtaeesptttdylinilgefnvagdfwamkpllekigvsiqavitgdsrveeianahlahmnlvqcqkssryladsmeerysipqirvnffgveetskslrsiaeffndptmmeaaenlieletnrikdaitpyrerltgkkvavyvggnkawslirafeelgmevlmtgtqnglpedyqriketvrdgtiivddanamelarlldkyqpdllvsgakekymslkmgvafcdfnhdrissfagfqgflnfarevdravsspvwkytpgikkssvlknpfkskpmvnkksqrqykcnlkskdvikckksvkecstkpkispevm
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5493M  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5493M,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksdfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5028A  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5028A,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksdfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR555  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR555,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakwrakhlnvhqagksdcgvkstlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqpesdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._wall16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. wall16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeterrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC255A00  coded_by=106911..108401,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC255A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrdkiqgvfnepgceknrgkdakarkvgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkgireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavgeelprtksenvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._32A1SAPT  coded_by=<1..>777,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 32A1SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
akhlnvhesgkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Roseiflexus_sp._RS-1  coded_by=complement(1469478..1470908),organism=Roseiflexus sp. RS-1,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mqfkcnqtlperaihialkgpggkcqrgdgttcfiannvattpgdmtergctyagcrgvvggpvkdaiqlthgpigcaffswgyrphladsdfhmkytfvtdmnetnivfggekkllqsiieanaefpnakavfvyntcstaligddgrdvakqaeaiigkpvvffecegfrgvsqsmghhvgnetifrqlvgsvepegdfsrsiniigdynikndirtfeylfealglriiarftgnvsvddlkimhkaalnivhcqrsatyiadmmkdkygtpyinvtlwgmknmakalrdtaaffglearaeeviarevariqpyidayrqrlqgkrvfiyqggprvwhwiellrelgmetetaattfghtddyekifnqigegalvidnpnvpeieeiltrrrpdlfisgnkerylaykmgvpfvnghtydtgpyagfvgmvnfardidkalhapvwnivhqharpapvarhavhgseeves
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpxrqmhs
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DrLT7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DrLT7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tep1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tep1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._teva23  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. teva23,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tep17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tep17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DrLT6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DrLT6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Dp6.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Dp6.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tep5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tep5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DrLT5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DrLT5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpby4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpby4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpby1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpby1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpt8.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpt8.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Cj3.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Cj3.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpqgkarfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>mine_drainage_metagenome  coded_by=1046..2437,organism=mine drainage metagenome,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mlqnkiqdvfnepgcsknqsksdkerkkgctkalqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekhlfksikevldkydpsavfvyqtcvtamigddiesvckaasqkfakpiipvnapgfvgaknlgnklagealldyvigteepeystpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldhlgirvtccisgdakyhdvaqshraranmmvcsksminiarkmeeryqipffegsfygisdtteslreitrlliqqgapaelhdrtealiareearawqriaeythrlrgkrvllftggvkswsvvsalqeggmevvgtsvkkstredkerikeimgqdahmlddltpremykmfqearadvllsggrsqfaalknkmpwvdinqerhqayngyegmvnlvkqidlalynpmwallrkpapwdmgeart
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrooxidans_ATCC_53993  coded_by=complement(1201588..1202979),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans ATCC 53993,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlqnkiqdvfnepgcsknqsksdkerkkgctkalqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekhlfksikevldkydpsavfvyqtcvtamigddiesvckaasqkfakpiipvnapgfvgaknlgnklagealldyvigteepeystpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldhlgirvtccisgdakyhdvaqshraranmmvcsksminiarkmeeryqipffegsfygisdtteslreitrlliqqgapaelhdrtealiareearawqriaeythrlrgkrvllftggvkswsvvsalqeggmevvgtsvkkstredkerikeimgqdahmlddltpremykmfqearadvllsggrsqfaalknkmpwvdinqerhqayngyegmvnlvkqidlalynpmwallrkpapwdmgeart
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrooxidans_ATCC_23270  coded_by=complement(1314558..1315949),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans ATCC 23270,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlqnkiqdvfnepgcsknqsksdkerkkgctkalqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekhlfksikevldkydpsavfvyqtcvtamigddiesvckaasqkfakpiipvnapgfvgaknlgnklagealldyvigteepeystpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldhlgirvtccisgdakyhdvaqshraranmmvcsksminiarkmeeryqipffegsfygisdtteslreitrlliqqgapaelhdrtealiareearawqriaeythrlrgkrvllftggvkswsvvsalqeggmevvgtsvkkstredkerikeimgqdahmlddltpremykmfqearadvllsggrsqfaalknkmpwvdinqerhqayngyegmvnlvkqidlalynpmwallrkpapwdmgeart
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C14-2660  coded_by=<1..>775,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C14-2660,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkakhqhsa
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=1543..2913,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllecdkpiperekhtyikksgecivpmcnvqttpgdltergctyagcmgvvggpvkdvihlvhgpigcafytwgggrrqnlsdntefhrkycfstsmqeaniifggeqklhkaileayerfpdvngvfvyatcvigligddinnvckqaskeigvpvvpfscegfrgvsqslghhiandviferivgtkepdevtpydiniigdyniqgdlwiiaplfeaiglrilctxtgnasiddlamahraklnvmhcqrstpyicqlmeekyelpympvslfgieqtskalrdvasffgledkaeeviesevakilpeieyykeqlrgkrvfiyqgaprawhwiklmeelgmevvgaattfghtddyekiierigdgalvidnpnsvelreiligykpdlfisglkekflayklgvpfvnghsyergpyavysgflkfakdihttinhpawkliegra
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_88  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 88,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngmtiqsecpigligddieavsrnkskdyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksgskgepkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17029  coded_by=complement(2321754..2323235),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17029,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdiadsaetnmklieevlaaypdkarkkrakhlnvaapvaeaepglqsrcdnvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmlhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgttgvdsfvtmqvttdfqendivfggdkklektidelnmlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkakdigkrvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvleagegaragyepgpydvniigdyniggdawssrilleeiglnviaqwsgdatiaemerapaaklnlihcyrsmsyicrhmeenhgvpwmeynffgpsqiaaslraiaakfddriqanaeaviakyqplvdavnakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddykrtghyikegtlifddvsgyelekfveairpdlvgsgikekyntqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgyaifardmdlainnpvwgmfdapwkkta
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ppau4.8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ppau4.8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgqldadekprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ppau2.18  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ppau2.18,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgqldadekprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mg1.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mg1.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgqldadekprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=1580..3022,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=NifE
mkntqgkinellnesgcehnqhkhgekknkscsqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamislvpivdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykmgfttdmsendvifggekklykaileihkrynpsavfvyatcvtaligddidavcktaaekigtpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggeslldyvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplleklgirvlskitgdarfeeiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeenygipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaklgdpdlqartekliaeetaaldlalapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikrllgadgimlekgnakellqlvkdtqadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwdedmgilaheytsnhdhilasieeli
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=complement(1696389..1697831),organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=nitrogen Fe/Mo cofactor biosynthesis E
mkntqgkinellnesgcehnqhkhgekknkscsqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamislvpivdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykmgfttdmsendvifggekklykaileihkrynpsavfvyatcvtaligddidavcktaaekigtpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggeslldyvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplleklgirvlskitgdarfeeiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeenygipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaklgdpdlqartekliaeetaaldlalapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikrllgadgimlekgnakellqlvkdtqadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwdedmgilaheytsnhdhilasieeli
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis_LMG_10929  coded_by=543726..545219,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis LMG 10929,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslkakiaevfdepgcdknqdksekarkkgctkqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekrlfrsvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckratekfgkpvipvnspgfagpknlgnklggealldyvigtrepdyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvrplldalgvrilscisgdgrydavasahrakvnmmvcsksminiatrmqqrygipyfegsfygigdmsdtlrqiatllvrqgapddlveraerliaseearawariahyrkrlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkekikeimgddahmiddmtpremyamlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqerhhpyggyegmvelvheidraifnpvwqqvripapwgddgetlgavraaaaaasapiphgvhawamglepgvva
>Herbaspirillum_frisingense_GSF30  coded_by=123470..124924,organism=Herbaspirillum frisingense GSF30,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msltveettarntelinevlkaypdktakrrakhlttqeegksdcnvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigktgidsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekivdeiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkskqydghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhvandaikewvldkmdpdknqfvatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaementpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwveynffgpsqietslrqiashfddkikegaerviakykaltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvidaygdlgmkvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvedgtliyddvtsyefekfvekiepdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwgmakapwka
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msleyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkrhlsvsrnkretaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkletlideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehkttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkkevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleqiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapaaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqigaslrqiakhfgpeieeraeriiarysgltdavldkystrlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkdgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwslydapwkkvtmpaaagaae
>Megasphaera_cerevisiae_DSM_20462  coded_by=complement(18376..19992),organism=Megasphaera cerevisiae DSM 20462,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
metkrekildtysgltfknrkdhvveletdhtpqeitankrsvpglminrgccyagckgvvlgpiqdavtlehgpigcgyytwmtrrnkargingksliqysfstdlqetdivfggvkklkqavkeaveifhpkavficatcpvgligddinsvakwakeefgvqcisfscegykgvsqsaghhiannglmkdvigtgtnkpttpfsinllgeyniggdafeteriltkigyqvvskftgdgvydeiasahlanlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkvkygidwlkvnfigiketirtlremaayfddeglkkrteeviteeltqiqgdwdyykkklsgkkagifvggsrshhymdlladfgvetvvtgyefahrddyegrevipdikldadtknieqlspekdesmyrryidddtynelkgkieldyykgmmkdmkkgsliiddyneaetedalslykpdifysgikdnfmilksgtpakqmhsydydgpytcfkgainfahdtfdevnapawklltppwnteptlegslgnsaiergeqha
>Clostridium_cellulovorans_743B  coded_by=complement(4272201..4273520),organism=Clostridium cellulovorans 743B,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msqgleksrnscalqgainvlsevhrvvpivhstagctiqqalvnrvsshsgfdipstniiekqvifgggsrlreeikntvkvvegdlyvalsgcsselvgddvitmakeaqeqgepviyfkapgfkgkthlgyegvvnaiinqlpqvtkvntekdlklvnifgiipgqdinwignleelkrileaiglkanilfgfgqgieqwkdvpsaalnlvfskwgiavgenlkknygipfltlkanpvgahdtakfisevveildldkekarefinnekkkeeyylnnifslyvdynfyktygivgdesivngissfltktlglstgvkvftdpigeeakealenekseenvyyaedfdeiedilkandielilgssleksisealniplqvvscpevdniilnrsyigfngainiledlttvllnhhrkseeklrkeinalii
>Acetonema_longum_DSM_6540  coded_by=4033..5553,organism=Acetonema longum DSM 6540,definition=nitrogenase
mdyikektppvredrlrvcnayggscpvlvkqsrkgcinglrrsfsqtqgcqlnlslaslntfrdtviivhgpvgcggsnvssagsvktfkklrdpqaqgliwlstnlgeadvirggetavqeavfyaeqefrpeiimvvnscvpaligddldgllaelqpqvharlapvhcegfksrimasaydavyhgilrnltapperdksvildeteefrcklrksrtvnllnvssmsradelelsrllqalgltvnilphfahpeqfkeateaalnisicathddyfvehlrdlfgipfilntipigvkntnkwildiaghfgleeqakqlisrenaeleeaiapfrpqfqgkrvlacageirviataemlqylgmeviglrayhydqfadnllddlanrekipinvatgqpfeqanlieklkpdvylghvnnngwaarhglpvlpifqqsnnymgyngtfevarrlarilrnpafnrnlsqnndqpyfdhwfkeepfsyidgnvilegdr
>Mesorhizobium_caraganae  coded_by=888..2390,organism=Mesorhizobium caraganae,definition=NifD
msldyendgafhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageegevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekknvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekvigkyrplidaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkksprrgramaae
>Sulfurospirillum_multivorans_DSM_12446  coded_by=1250931..1252385,organism=Sulfurospirillum multivorans DSM 12446,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mttetllsqqeaaiaevlaaypekakksrekhlgvdmpegvkgacdstksnkqtvpgvmsqrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvdtyvtmnfttdynekdivfggdkklkaalaeidalfplnngisiqsecpigligddiqavakgykkesgkptvavscegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdevlpdnsykkdfvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdatykeltiapkakinllhcyrsmnyvvrhmeqefgvpwmeynffgpsktteslrkiaaffdetiqakteaviakytemtdkviakyrpklegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmkiigtgyefghgddykrtkdelsgstliyddtneyeleqfvkrlkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydafaifakdmdlalnspvwahtkapwesn
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>793,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakqtsrapagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklniciatvpct
>Methylobacterium_nodulans_ORS_2060  coded_by=complement(4066926..4068446),organism=Methylobacterium nodulans ORS 2060,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlkdriadvfnepgceknqaksakerkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgagssgsglwrrsfttdlteldvmmgqgerklyravreiarthappaifvystcvtaltgddieavcrkasesyglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddvgptdinilgefnlagefwavrplfeklgiriracisgdahyhevaaahtaratlmecstalinlarkmeerwgipffegsfygisdtsdalrqttrllvsrgapadlidrtealiaeeearawakldsfrpglqgkrvllntggvkswsvvtalmeigveivgtsvkkstaedkerikqllkddhhmfesmaprdfyamlvsnkadimlsggrsqfialkakipwldinqerhypyagydgmvelvrriaialsnpiwadlrepvpwdaegrptdgagiavpdasrgedptylahgrrkfasagaddmaecrgrap
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(228875..230335),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=hypothetical protein
mirskselvvpireerlgtvcafggsgkdlvqcsrkgclknrdrsfsqssacdemmpllnaamindnvviahspvgcssmipgvllihkterairgqssdtvktistnfgehevvyggvdelekaileaenryhpklitvisscaagiigddieavinrvqpqvkgiiipmqcegfrsgavatgydtflvalmraieppkekkkdtllvvnpltishvneleierllakagikvqyfplftdvaniksasevtgastlcnlmsnlflinmekkygipyveppmpvgieftnwwlretsklfgkekeiekvieeeeartapilreirskledkrafvgfnlartlaiqslieefgmetavstgleysdvygleplenlnrrskkeftlqignfqhfewvnllakekpdvlvggieycstgirqgipvapvlpgtlyvgyegaisfgkelvrslrnpayarkisarvnlpyreswysqspfkyiggnk
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=63525..64985,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=hypothetical protein
mirskselvvpireerlgtvcafggsgkdlvqcsrkgclknrdrsfsqssacdemmpllnaamindnvviahspvgcssmipgvllihkterairgqssdtvktistnfgehevvyggvdelekaileaenryhpklitvisscaagiigddieavinrvqpqvkgiiipmqcegfrsgavatgydtflvalmraieppkekkkdtllvvnpltishvneleierllakagikvqyfplftdvaniksasevtgastlcnlmsnlflinmekkygipyveppmpvgieftnwwlretsklfgkekeiekvieeeeartapilreirskledkrafvgfnlartlaiqslieefgmetavstgleysdvygleplenlnrrskkeftlqignfqhfewvnllakekpdvlvggieycstgirqgipvapvlpgtlyvgyegaisfgkelvrslrnpayarkisarvnlpyreswysqspfkyiggnk
>Desulfovibrio_piezophilus_C1TLV30  coded_by=3153282..3154919,organism=Desulfovibrio piezophilus C1TLV30,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maktkkvvqfdaadikeellkkyppkvarkrakqimineaqesetppeilanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvilgptrdlvnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtepgpdgdnympycfstdmqdqdiifggekklaaaiqeaydlfhpkgiaifatcpvgligddvhavakkmkakfgdcnvfgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfthligenetpsegeykinllgeyniggdgfeidrifkkcgitniatfsgnssydqfasaqhadlsavmchrsinyvadmletkygipwikvnfigaeatakslrkiaeyfgdkklidkveaviaeelvevktviedvrsrtegktammfvggsrahhynelfvemgmktlsagyefghrddyegrdviptlkvdadsrnieeievvqdeklynprktpeeykaledagfkfkhyegmnpdmdkgsliiddlnqyeadklveilkpdlfcagikekfsiqklgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfykeidrlvnskvwsymkapwqenpeltgtfvwe
>Syntrophothermus_lipocalidus_DSM_12680  coded_by=complement(2163125..2164573),organism=Syntrophothermus lipocalidus DSM 12680,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mplvnmkcdekipergkhiyihdpdnpvipacnirtipgdmtergcafagsrgviggpikdvicmvhapvgcawftwgsrrnlsdlhawatptrltnvafnrrycvvtdmqekdvvfggikklkascleafrlfpeargmiifttcttgligddvqgvarqvekevgkpvftaespgcsgvsqskghhdfniqfyrqinalrerrpelkmreeektpydicligeynmdwdlqairplfekigvrvaavfsgnerienlikmldvklnvvhcqrsaeyiaqmikdgyntpfirvslfgieqtsealrevaaffgledraeqviaeekarveralafyraklagkriavyvggprvwhwiklleelgmevvagactfaheddyekinvrhkggilvidapnefeieemlvtlkpdlfltglkekylarkmgiptvnshsyekgpyagfagmvnfardiyqgiyspvwrfqgglpeveeevete
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lmg8319  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lmg8319,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Peptococcaceae_bacterium_CEB3  coded_by=171705..173084,organism=Peptococcaceae bacterium CEB3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
myvqldqsepkdfcssplpgnpllcrralpgegaerscafdgarvvlmpvtdaahlihgpiacagnswdnrgalstgsqlyrrgfttdlgendvvyggeeklyqaileisakhrpqaifvystcvsaligddiagvcararkkvsvpvipvdapgflgdknignriagetlwqhvigsrnagapkiprsinligeyniagdlggilpdltklgiklqtaitgdarytdltqahraalnvlvcsksltnlacsleqqwqtpyieasfygiedtsralrniargladrglsgwteeyilrqeretrqaiapyrerlqgksavlftggvktwsmvsaltelgitilaggtqnstpadfermkarldpaariiedtsaagfltlirekkpdllvaggkikylahkmrlpfldinhgrkrpyagypgmitlaeaiartvfspvwdltrrpypparggeggnedv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A26  coded_by=<1..>749,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A26,definition=NifD
hlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsm
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_ZM4_=_ATCC_31821  coded_by=1870332..1871786,organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis ZM4 = ATCC 31821,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdnrlkakvislfnepacaknvakgkkerrkgcgkpltpgataggcafdgskivlqpitdvihivhgplacegngwdnrqsassgstlyrngittdltqmdiimgtgekrlykairnaaerfnppaifvyvtcvpaligddveavckhaaqklnipvipvnspgfigtknlgnklagetlfdhvigtmepeqssdtdiniigeynlsgelwqikplfdqlgirvhscitgdaryrdvasahrsrvnmmvcsaalinlarkmeekwripffegsfygieetsrslrkiaellvkggaaadlidrtealieaeekrcwerlepyrqrlqgkrvflytggvkswsivsalqqtgieivgtsvrkstetdkekikklmgsdahmiekipprdiynrlkageadimlsggrtqfialkakipwvdinqerhkayagysgilalvqdidcalsnpvwqevrqpapweegweapeiddlfdddhlfneras
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmdyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS16_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS16_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvkwniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris  coded_by=1509..2972,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mstalaetpedikarnkqviaevleaypdksakrrakhlntydaeksecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqvlfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavakakskqydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkagdkiaafestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgpskieaslreiashfddkikdgaerviakykplmqavidkykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvervqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdiainapvwklakapws
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum_SCRI1043  coded_by=complement(3293715..3295088),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum SCRI1043,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsqssgpainrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhiverydpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraasvavgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmakqvigtrepapwrddtafshaqrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgnlsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqvnmlvcsralinvartleqrygtpwfegsfygvramsdalrqlaamlddpdliqrtetviareeataqqalapyrarlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnartlldvayrygadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyrgivtlaeqlcltlespiwaqthqrapwh
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum_ICMP_1526  coded_by=409709..411082,organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum ICMP 1526,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsqssgpainrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhiverydpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraasvavgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmakqvigtrepapwrddtafshaqrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgnlsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqvnmlvcsralinvartleqrygtpwfegsfygvramsdalrqlaamlddpdliqrtetviareeataqqalapyrarlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnartlldvayrygadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyrgivtlaeqlcltlespiwaqthqrapwh
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(1304869..1306242),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsqssgpainrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhiverydpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraasvavgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmakqvigtrepapwrddtafshaqrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgnlsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqvnmlvcsralinvartleqrygtpwfegsfygvramsdalrqlaamlddpdliqrtetviareeataqqalapyrarlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnartlldvayrygadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyrgivtlaeqlcltlespiwaqthqrapwh
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=181195..182568,organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsqssgpainrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhiverydpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraasvavgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmakqvigtrepapwrddtafshaqrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgnlsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqvnmlvcsralinvartleqrygtpwfegsfygvramsdalrqlaamlddpdliqrtetviareeataqqalapyrarlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnartlldvayrygadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyrgivtlaeqlcltlespiwaqthqrapwh
>Methanosarcina_thermophila_CHTI-55  coded_by=complement(790091..791440),organism=Methanosarcina thermophila CHTI-55,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mgisetlettnlisgaieapryscalggayatavgifgtvpilhsgagcgigqlfgqfyaggqnaggpfggtstpcsslveehvifggekklenliksttelvngelfaiisgcvpsligddvesvvrafkeknpgipiihvntsgfagtsydgyeyffdavinqlleetpkekglvnvfgivpsqhifwkgeanavkklleriglkpnlivgefdalknlkkisaaeynivlsswighktaqkleekfgipyisfpgvpvgpkqtseflrvvgerlgvssdlienliateekrayrfaeyigdvlliarphpyfavvadsnsavsitkylanevgylpdlvqitdnppwearklineeltvnletpawpeiiyevdahrirenlkdrnfmfllassletfisgpefnaihltvsfpsydrvilersyagfsggltlmedimskyagpl
>Methanosarcina_thermophila_TM-1  coded_by=115455..116804,organism=Methanosarcina thermophila TM-1,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mgisetlettnlisgaieapryscalggayatavgifgtvpilhsgagcgigqlfgqfyaggqnaggpfggtstpcsslveehvifggekklenliksttelvngelfaiisgcvpsligddvesvvrafkeknpgipiihvntsgfagtsydgyeyffdavinqlleetpkekglvnvfgivpsqhifwkgeanavkklleriglkpnlivgefdalknlkkisaaeynivlsswighktaqkleekfgipyisfpgvpvgpkqtseflrvvgerlgvssdlienliateekrayrfaeyigdvlliarphpyfavvadsnsavsitkylanevgylpdlvqitdnppwearklineeltvnletpawpeiiyevdahrirenlkdrnfmfllassletfisgpefnaihltvsfpsydrvilersyagfsggltlmedimskyagpl
>Candidatus_Desulforudis_audaxviator_MP104C  coded_by=168164..169543,organism=Candidatus Desulforudis audaxviator MP104C,definition=Nitrogenase
mhqpkcarrsntaeqvpfidagradhgvivkpeprlpacdrqtvpgamsqrscayygarwflaqlkqvlhlvhgpvscayygetvrkkrytvfstdltenevifggeakllrvlrelavhfpenrailvyvtcapgiigddvdrvcrraerdtgmrcvpvhcpgflgyhqaagheagarvflehfighdapaepgprdinllgefdvmgdyrvirgmlrrmgvnvvnavtadasveslarahrvqlnlihcrrtggllaeemesrygieyrkgsffgltetsttlrrlgdwldcraeaealiaegeamvagdleryrrelagkrvglffggsrigsmlkgyrdlglevvaagsqfgcgndyreawtglnpgaalvddtneeefvqfirqyrpdviaggtrekwlahkfgipftvfpqesgpyagysgflnfardilaalkapvwrivrggsnthapfta
>Nostoc_sp._1190P  coded_by=552..2063,organism=Nostoc sp. 1190P,definition=Mo-Fe nitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenkniieerkelikevlsaypekaakkrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklvkliqeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarktskeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmvrdwvftrsdqakkdgtlqfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleelglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdetiqanaekviakyqptmdvilekyrprlegktvaimvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtagyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwnekaqakkaeakakaav
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(379157..380665),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msyfdnkvapkrehrlnfvgsafggnacellscakegclknkkrsftqatacqlslvlgmaltmpdtvfvihgpvgcgsqihssnfqvnsgtkargkipkpliwlstnltekdiinggesklnktileadkrykpkaiivmntcspsmigddidevvrniqkdinakiipmhcegikspivanaydtyyhgvgrnldlskdssgnigennsrfqlegevhkkskivnlfnfgsltypdeleikrlletldlkvrvfpnfahpndfkklseaalnislcnvhddyfltflkerfnipyfihnmpvgikntsewfievakqlnlekkakeivlaeeqeifsaiepykkilkgkrvlvtggvirvvsdaellhelgceivsirahhydslstdlytkfnekfpdleisvapnqvfeliniinryrpdiclthagagvwvsklgipslplfggphnyfgykgsydvarrmtkllrnpsfqhklqantdlpykkewynknpfsyike
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1348989..1350497,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msyfdnkvapkrehrlnfvgsafggnacellscakegclknkkrsftqatacqlslvlgmaltmpdtvfvihgpvgcgsqihssnfqvnsgtkargkipkpliwlstnltekdiinggesklnktileadkrykpkaiivmntcspsmigddidevvrniqkdinakiipmhcegikspivanaydtyyhgvgrnldlskdssgnigennsrfqlegevhkkskivnlfnfgsltypdeleikrlletldlkvrvfpnfahpndfkklseaalnislcnvhddyfltflkerfnipyfihnmpvgikntsewfievakqlnlekkakeivlaeeqeifsaiepykkilkgkrvlvtggvirvvsdaellhelgceivsirahhydslstdlytkfnekfpdleisvapnqvfeliniinryrpdiclthagagvwvsklgipslplfggphnyfgykgsydvarrmtkllrnpsfqhklqantdlpykkewynknpfsyike
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2074798..2076306),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msyfdnkvapkrehrlnfvgsafggnacellscakegclknkkrsftqatacqlslvlgmaltmpdtvfvihgpvgcgsqihssnfqvnsgtkargkipkpliwlstnltekdiinggesklnktileadkrykpkaiivmntcspsmigddidevvrniqkdinakiipmhcegikspivanaydtyyhgvgrnldlskdssgnigennsrfqlegevhkkskivnlfnfgsltypdeleikrlletldlkvrvfpnfahpndfkklseaalnislcnvhddyfltflkerfnipyfihnmpvgikntsewfievakqlnlekkakeivlaeeqeifsaiepykkilkgkrvlvtggvirvvsdaellhelgceivsirahhydslstdlytkfnekfpdleisvapnqvfeliniinryrpdiclthagagvwvsklgipslplfggphnyfgykgsydvarrmtkllrnpsfqhklqantdlpykkewynknpfsyike
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2074798..2076306),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msyfdnkvapkrehrlnfvgsafggnacellscakegclknkkrsftqatacqlslvlgmaltmpdtvfvihgpvgcgsqihssnfqvnsgtkargkipkpliwlstnltekdiinggesklnktileadkrykpkaiivmntcspsmigddidevvrniqkdinakiipmhcegikspivanaydtyyhgvgrnldlskdssgnigennsrfqlegevhkkskivnlfnfgsltypdeleikrlletldlkvrvfpnfahpndfkklseaalnislcnvhddyfltflkerfnipyfihnmpvgikntsewfievakqlnlekkakeivlaeeqeifsaiepykkilkgkrvlvtggvirvvsdaellhelgceivsirahhydslstdlytkfnekfpdleisvapnqvfeliniinryrpdiclthagagvwvsklgipslplfggphnyfgykgsydvarrmtkllrnpsfqhklqantdlpykkewynknpfsyike
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=39883..41391,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msyfdnkvapkrehrlnfvgsafggnacellscakegclknkkrsftqatacqlslvlgmaltmpdtvfvihgpvgcgsqihssnfqvnsgtkargkipkpliwlstnltekdiinggesklnktileadkrykpkaiivmntcspsmigddidevvrniqkdinakiipmhcegikspivanaydtyyhgvgrnldlskdssgnigennsrfqlegevhkkskivnlfnfgsltypdeleikrlletldlkvrvfpnfahpndfkklseaalnislcnvhddyfltflkerfnipyfihnmpvgikntsewfievakqlnlekkakeivlaeeqeifsaiepykkilkgkrvlvtggvirvvsdaellhelgceivsirahhydslstdlytkfnekfpdleisvapnqvfeliniinryrpdiclthagagvwvsklgipslplfggphnyfgykgsydvarrmtkllrnpsfqhklqantdlpykkewynknpfsyike
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_892_str._F0426  coded_by=448..1755,organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 892 str. F0426,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
maievkragvrraqcscsmpavwwalsyargalvifhsprscahvvrekdvgsfhrligagtyappspvplltsgigegdavfgaaerlracirfaaeryrpravfvagscvsgiigddtraaaeemeeelglpvvavptggflddesfdgylsvarvlmdrfmqpparvrqgtvvflgdygglysayvqelkrllgglglqlagqfptytpldevqgvpeaellvvlgsamsdekqalliafaeelhtrfgtpyfaeafaggaeetahwlrcigarchreaaaeetirreeaaferslararetlagrrtvlvvgrelhwlqpeillrlieragvrlsgiillalfteaqrrevedglracsdvpilavedpaseellrsadfvftthelvdvqlrqillgklptvgwamerqliedmehvlyrhtsrggliyg
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(122235..123617),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=putative nitrogenase cofactor synthesis protein
mrpedvlalkdeptcgqnqksksgcaqpkpgatqggccydgarnallpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdnrgsrssgsdlyrigmttdlsdmdvimgrgekrlygairyiierykpaavfvyvtcipalqgddvdsvaktaserfglpvipidcagfygnknlgnriagdamvrhvigtrepdplpasaafdgtvhdvnligewnvggefwnvaplfdelglrilcsfsgdsrfrevqtmhraranmvvcskamihvarklhesfgapyfegsfygvrdtsdafrnfarllgdpdlaartevliareeartaaelaairprvagkrvlvfaggykswslvsamqdlgvevvatgteksteedkarirdlmgtqarmiedndqralitafhdcradvlvagdryifpamksrlpfldidhvrrigyagysgilelarnldavanspvwaraqhrglaarpaa
>Pelobacter_carbinolicus_DSM_2380  coded_by=2448623..2450083,organism=Pelobacter carbinolicus DSM 2380,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
menensavkapiegiekkateeliektlelypekarkkrephmsandpgvegctvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmahishgpvgcgyyswgtrrnlvdghqgvdvfsamqftsdfqekdvvyggdkklakiceevkelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakksskdldlpvipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndsirdyvigtrefadeptdydialigdyniggdawaskkildelglnvkaiwtgdgqiehiaathqvklnlihcyrsmnymakvmeekwgipwmefnffgptkiaaslraiaarfdqkiqdnaekiiakytpkmqaivdeyrprlegkramlfvgglrprhtigayedlgleivgtgyefahnddydrtyeemakgtlifddaseieletwakemkvdlvgsgvkekyvfqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfpifardidmainsptwglvkapf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR838  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR838,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkaideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkatpesqptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelqatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR871  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR871,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Coraliomargarita_akajimensis_DSM_45221  coded_by=complement(3447334..3449013),organism=Coraliomargarita akajimensis DSM 45221,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mseetksttltaeeareemlkvypkkayrkrskqllvndpeapkeigansrtipgiitqrgcsyagckgvvigpiydichithgpigcgyyswltrrnlakprikgetnflqycmstdmqedqivfggekklaeaideamaefkpkaiaiyatcpvgligddihsvareaekrypglnvmafscegykgvsqsaghhiannkvftdmiglddtpqeakytinilgeyniggdaweidrlmnkcgitvvgtlsgdvsydditnchtvdlntvmchrsinyiaemmevkygipwfkvnfigaestakslrkiaayfedkelidrveaviaeemmhlrplkdeitarcsgktaalfvggsrahhyqdlfkdigmevvaagyefahrddyegrevlpnikidadsrnieeldveadptrykariteeqkaareaggftfsdyegmmkqmskeslviddishhemdklielykpdiigsgvkdkyviekfgipckqlhsydyggpyagfegaanfykevdrmvnthvwgfavppwkkdpdadfklktpskdkkeaaateatvea
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=complement(1177863..1179278),organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
mlqeklqdvfnepgcstnqaksekerkkgcskalkpgaaaggcaydgamialqpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswdnrgtkssgsqlyrtgfttdmseldiihggekklykaikeivqqydppavfvyqtcvpamigddieavckfaakklgkpvipvmapgfvgsknlgnklagetlldhvigtvepevttptdicivgeynlagelwlvkplldeigirilscisgdgrynevaqahrarltmvvcsqalvnvgrkmqerwgipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrtmarmlvergadkaiidrtegviareesrvwrrlepykprfdgkrvllftggvkswsmvtalegagltivgtstkkstkedkerikkmkgeefhqwddlkprdiykmlrdseadimmsggrsqfialkakvpwldlnqerhtpyagydgivnlceeidktlsnpiwrqvrlaapwdlkpdakpdarpvga
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR464  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR464,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvapeskppfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=242269..243642,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=1452846..1454219,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase associated protein N
mynlcregegqmydelkfencnhskdpmvgcalegaagilagikdisivihspqgcsstvsvaydtheidftkrkvactrlfetdivmgasdklkelirevdskfktraifvigtcaadiigedleglcrnlqpqinakliplmaggfrgdsyagidmglkvlfpfikkqsekipntvnliapqanlnptwwadlkwirevlekigirvlavlphetsleelgsaglasadillshdagyefglkmqevhgiplilsdiplpvglkntarwlralgkyfgieenvetiikegedltidvlrrrglmmiqryrncrvavsadatlgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrssmpdsqsllenelkamgisprvvfsadgyqvkqslmdsnvdavfgssweyymaeelgikfafdvfnptnrvnylnksyfgyegmlnflenvandwerslrskqinweeyl
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R7-0331  coded_by=complement(5652216..5653577),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-0331,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdpvrkvdfdseacgsqapkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpslsqygfatdlndsdiifggekklkesidyiagrfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavckeaadrlgipvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepqpetplginligeyniagemwdieklmnsagisvtsritgdaryneitwahrakvnmvvcsrallglakemearygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaylmndremerrvdrltereenrlaqdlrpyrkilkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggatrilktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwrlaaspapwdrevpydr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCICRE_14  coded_by=454079..455527,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCICRE 14,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddairanaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=221001..222449,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddairanaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=47876..49324,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddairanaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=438679..440127,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddairanaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=3349..4797,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddairanaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=237645..239093,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddairanaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=207978..209459,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mgkinlkvpeveirekrlgsitgfngtagelvkcsqsgklkdssrsfsqcmgcssgqafcqlsmikdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqternlpstngryfntnieekdtvfgageklkatvrtaykranpkaifvttscatgiigedveteteelskelgipvvacfcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhtivrkivkpprkktnkvniinfwgshifddilsrigyeaqyvvpfstvadleyiseaaatiqvcstlgtymgaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdqwlrdlgkvlnrekeieeiikeehervipklneyreqlkgktayltagaahghaiiallrelglevqgaaifhhdpiydngdkasdalaqdvknygdiknynvcnkqsyelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyagriaetidnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflgggahvkny
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=3623821..3625302,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mgkinlkvpeveirekrlgsitgfngtagelvkcsqsgklkdssrsfsqcmgcssgqafcqlsmikdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqternlpstngryfntnieekdtvfgageklkatvrtaykranpkaifvttscatgiigedveteteelskelgipvvacfcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhtivrkivkpprkktnkvniinfwgshifddilsrigyeaqyvvpfstvadleyiseaaatiqvcstlgtymgaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdqwlrdlgkvlnrekeieeiikeehervipklneyreqlkgktayltagaahghaiiallrelglevqgaaifhhdpiydngdkasdalaqdvknygdiknynvcnkqsyelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyagriaetidnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflgggahvkny
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(4152079..4153560),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgkinlkvpeveirekrlgsitgfngtagelvkcsqsgklkdssrsfsqcmgcssgqafcqlsmikdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqternlpstngryfntnieekdtvfgageklkatvrtaykranpkaifvttscatgiigedveteteelskelgipvvacfcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhtivrkivkpprkktnkvniinfwgshifddilsrigyeaqyvvpfstvadleyiseaaatiqvcstlgtymgaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdqwlrdlgkvlnrekeieeiikeehervipklneyreqlkgktayltagaahghaiiallrelglevqgaaifhhdpiydngdkasdalaqdvknygdiknynvcnkqsyelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyagriaetidnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflgggahvkny
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(4151871..4153352),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgkinlkvpeveirekrlgsitgfngtagelvkcsqsgklkdssrsfsqcmgcssgqafcqlsmikdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqternlpstngryfntnieekdtvfgageklkatvrtaykranpkaifvttscatgiigedveteteelskelgipvvacfcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhtivrkivkpprkktnkvniinfwgshifddilsrigyeaqyvvpfstvadleyiseaaatiqvcstlgtymgaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdqwlrdlgkvlnrekeieeiikeehervipklneyreqlkgktayltagaahghaiiallrelglevqgaaifhhdpiydngdkasdalaqdvknygdiknynvcnkqsyelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyagriaetidnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflgggahvkny
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=258900..260381,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mgkinlkvpeveirekrlgsitgfngtagelvkcsqsgklkdssrsfsqcmgcssgqafcqlsmikdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqternlpstngryfntnieekdtvfgageklkatvrtaykranpkaifvttscatgiigedveteteelskelgipvvacfcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhtivrkivkpprkktnkvniinfwgshifddilsrigyeaqyvvpfstvadleyiseaaatiqvcstlgtymgaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdqwlrdlgkvlnrekeieeiikeehervipklneyreqlkgktayltagaahghaiiallrelglevqgaaifhhdpiydngdkasdalaqdvknygdiknynvcnkqsyelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyagriaetidnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflgggahvkny
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_BL225C  coded_by=947944..949374,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti BL225C,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslsaknqdffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracvpgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmqerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleiagtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvrepapwemapargeemseeeatvi
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=complement(583043..584428),organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnadeilalktepdcahnnkeksgcarpqpgstqggccfdgarnallpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdnrgsrssgadtfrmgmttdlsdmdvilgrgekrlfhairqcveahrppaifvyttcvpamhgddivavskaaskrfdlpvipvdcagfygnknlgnriagdvvykrvigtrepdpvpasaerpgirthdvnligewnvggefwnvaplfdelglrvlctfsgdarfrevqtmhraeanmvvcskamihvarhlkedhgtpffegsfygvrdtsnafrdfarligdanltdrteamiareearvtsalapfrdrlsgkrvlvfaggykswslvsamqdlgmivvatgteksteedkarikalmgddalmisdndqnglirafhdgaadlmvagdryiysslksripfldidhvrrigyagyegaielarnveravnspvwrkagmrpqvqrraa
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=977307..978767,organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtvnlkepavelrelrlktitgyegdavdlnsrddfrnrersftqcgscgadqvmnlltqiqdaavvehgpagcagdisfrngtfrtgnkrmgyavhnvkyintnldendtifggeaklvravreayrrfqpraifvtttcasaiigddvpgicddleeelgipvvatlcegfrtniwatgfdsanhsilrkivkparqkqadlinvisfqhrfvyesvfrqmglrpnhivplstieqleriseaaatvqycqtlgtylaagleqhfgvpevkaaapfglrasdellreigrifhkeaeaeqvirserekiaedlaylrgrlsgktafiaaggplaysilalvkdlgmevvgtcvwhhdqvydnrheklnflnfatehygnfpvgvcnkqafevinainkhqpdiaisrhmstvwaaklgipsifagneptemlydglvrfgqtihdaifnpafinniarhsklpytdwwleqntysflkgcenne
>Pseudacidovorax_intermedius_NH-1  coded_by=1..>1317,organism=Pseudacidovorax intermedius NH-1,definition=NifE
mspslkakiaqvfdepgcdknqakgvkekkkgctkqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgsqlyrtgfttdineldviyggekrlfksvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckrasekfgkpvipvnspgfagpknlgnklggesvldyvigtrepeyttpydiniigeynlvgelwqtkplldalgvrvlscisgdgryneiasshrakvnmmvcsksminiatrmeqrwgipyfegsfygisdmsetlrniarllvrqgapedlierterlieveearawkriaayrerlagkrallitggvkswsvvsalqeagievvgtsikkstkedkekikeimgddahmiddmtprqmytmlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqeryypyggyegmvelvh
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=45251..46666,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein, alpha chain
mpltlfksdeliperkkhcyikapgediteflplsnietipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwstnmkesnvvfggekqlkasmieafkqmpdikrmfvyttcataligddpkavakqvmkelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhvlnigwinekvgtvepeitseytvnligdyniqgdayvlhgymeklgiqiiadftgnatydecrsmhraqvsvvncarsagylanelnkrygiprldvdtwgfsytaealrkvgvffgiedkvealieeemekykakmdwykerlsgkkvaiwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmtvvamsskfghqedfekvisrghegaiyiddaneleffdvlemvhpdvvftgprvgdlikkvhlpyvnghayhngpymgfegavnmardiynavnspmmklaaddivaqskaiisesv
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=1057029..1058378,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifK2
maetkinkksstivhphyacavggaytavaikngvpiancgpgcmykqyffmgfengfqgststgggnvasvnvgendivfggekklddliksvlaiyngelfvvaigctgeligddvgaivkkyreagypivhadtagfkgsnligheivveaiidqfvgdykgekkkglinlwfetpffntnwrgdyleivrilknvgfevnvlfgpqsggtkewkeipkaqfnlvispwvgvniakhlekkydqpylhipvipigeeattafirqlieyagidakkseafiaeeaelyyyfldsfshffaeywyglpsrfavvgdsayalaytkflsdqiglipvkqiitdnppeqfrekiskefrnlsegvsveveyiedgylaerslseadfgsgvplilgstwesdvareknallieidppssetvvlnrchigyrgalqlieriytstvggk
>Clostridium_ljungdahlii_DSM_13528  coded_by=528366..529976,organism=Clostridium ljungdahlii DSM 13528,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
mrkelnkivdevlepypaktyknrkkhiviktkedpkpvieanirtvpgvitsrgccyagckgvvmgpikdmihithgpvgcsfyswggrrnkaksekgsqnfmeyvfgtdmeekdivfggvgklrqaikeaveifhpkaigiyatcpvgligddinavaqeakklyginvlafscegykgvtqsaghhianntvmseiigtgkgehkkysinilgeyniggdaweierilnkigynvvatltgdgsyeriqnahtadvnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigiqgtvdtlrdlakvfddpylykkteevieeeladiqvdmqyyreklegrlaclfvggsrshtyqvllkdfgvktilagyefahrddyegreviptikidadsknipqltvhpdkekyhvalpkervealksegvplayyggmekemdentviiddmnahemeklikelhpdmfltgikekyaiekmgvlsrqlhsydytgpyagfkgaiifarelaggiytpawkyltppwkkesllegkvvggeq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zb36  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zb36,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklkpggapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zb34  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zb34,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklkpggapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_3  coded_by=complement(2481468..2483033),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 3,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) alpha chain
mpyhtfecseciperamhavikgpgedltsclplgylntipgtisergcafcgakhvigspmkdvihlchgpvgctydtwhtkryisdndnfqlkytaatdmkekhvvfgaekmlkqniidcfkafphikrmsiyqtcasaligddinavakkvmdempdvdifvcnapgfggpsqsgghhkiniawidqkvgtfepeikskyvinyvgdyniqgdaevmidffqrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlaqlnvlecarsseyicnelrkiygiprldidgfgfeplsaslmkvamffglekeaqaiideetarwrpelnwyakrlkgkkiclwpggsklwhwahvieeemgvkvvsvyskfghqgdfekgvarcsegalaiddpnelegleamemlkpdcvltgvrpgevskkmripylnihaydngpykgfegwvrlardiynaiyspihqlsgldiskdeiptdkgfmtrqmisdvniiedgatpveerpytgewdivtklrgkkypklelqqqlgmv
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1  coded_by=complement(2262798..2264186),organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlnrkkiqdlmtepgcatnqaksekerkkgcgkqlvpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdtrntgssgpelyrrgfttdmtnldivsggekklykairqainkhnppavfvyqtcvtaligddivavcraatermgvpvipveapgfvgsknlgnrlagealidyvigtrepddagptdinilgeynvagemdivrallerlgirlrtaitgdaryndvaaahtaranmvvcsqalvtlarkmkerwgipyfegsfygisdtsealraiasmliergadpalmdrtealiaeeeaktwarmepyrarlagkrvllytggvkswsvihalqemgmevvgssvrksteadkqkalerlggdedklvdaiapkdmyamfkegradimlsggrsqfvalkaktpwldinqerhhqyagydgmvtlvqqmdlalsnpiweqvrrpapwevee
>Dechloromonas_aromatica_RCB  coded_by=1617197..1618597,organism=Dechloromonas aromatica RCB,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkaseiqalldepacshnkkeksgcakpkpgataggcsfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgvtlykigmttdlsetdvvmgrgekrlfhaikqaidsyspsavfiyntcvtaligddvgavckaaterwgtpvvpvdaagfygtknlgnrlageamfkhvigtaepapaapradglptydvnligeyniagefwhvaplfdelglrilctlsgdsrfhevqtmhrarvnmvvcakallnvarkmednfgipffegsfygvqdvsnalrdfarligdpdltarteaviareeakshaalepwrdrlrgkrvllytggvkswsivsalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddtkmiddgspkallstyheykadiliaggrnlytalkaripfldinqerefgyagydgmvelarqlalsmespvwaavrkpapwaaqkgpgtvvva
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R7-0273  coded_by=complement(5932486..5933847),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-0273,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdpvrkvdfdseacgsqapkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpslsqygfatdlndsdiifggekklkesidyiagrfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavckeagdrlgipvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgdpepeiplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnsagisvtsritgdarykeitwahhakvnmvvcsrallglaremeakygipffegsfygakettyslrqmaylmndremerrvdrltereesrlaqdlrpyrkmlkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasrilktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpvwrlaaspapwdkgvpydr
>Methylocystis_sp._SC2  coded_by=2713889..2715391,organism=Methylocystis sp. SC2,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain, NifD
msvsptlsvaeikdrnkalieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqegkpdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkiapdsaprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasyfddkikegaeqviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmtkapwkteelpllqaae
>Peptococcaceae_bacterium_SCADC1_2_3  coded_by=complement(22045..23406),organism=Peptococcaceae bacterium SCADC1_2_3,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtlevlkdrkdhivkkrkdirdfpacekeslagavsqracvysgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgsksggaqtyrhsfstdlqeediifggaeklyralnelvaryrppavfvyatcivgligddlkavcgrvteetgctivpvqsegfkgnkteghkaacdalfdyligtaigdnnypyvinlmgeynvagdfwaiepyfkdmgvkvgatftgnakvndlrsahcaklnlvqctgtvtylaqkmehkygipwrkvsffglegmeeallttaaffrnslmldraketirrekkmvfgplifykkrlqgktaaiymggaakalaliktfkllgmetvlvgtqsgkkddyaqlmaeasegtmviddanpaelkemltalkagvlvggvkerylsyklgipfvdfnhdrtslfagfdglvnfarlvdttinspvwalvegknelrng
>Peptococcaceae_bacterium_SCADC1_2_3  coded_by=783..2144,organism=Peptococcaceae bacterium SCADC1_2_3,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtlevlkdrkdhivkkrkdirdfpacekeslagavsqracvysgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgsksggaqtyrhsfstdlqeediifggaeklyralnelvaryrppavfvyatcivgligddlkavcgrvteetgctivpvqsegfkgnkteghkaacdalfdyligtaigdnnypyvinlmgeynvagdfwaiepyfkdmgvkvgatftgnakvndlrsahcaklnlvqctgtvtylaqkmehkygipwrkvsffglegmeeallttaaffrnslmldraketirrekkmvfgplifykkrlqgktaaiymggaakalaliktfkllgmetvlvgtqsgkkddyaqlmaeasegtmviddanpaelkemltalkagvlvggvkerylsyklgipfvdfnhdrtslfagfdglvnfarlvdttinspvwalvegknelrng
>Clostridium_butyricum_E4_str._BoNT_E_BL5262  coded_by=544383..545972,organism=Clostridium butyricum E4 str. BoNT E BL5262,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskidsvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsdqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkdpekfkiyrteeeieelkkdiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktqsvlegklggee
>Clostridium_butyricum_5521  coded_by=complement(136678..138267),organism=Clostridium butyricum 5521,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskidsvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsdqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkdpekfkiyrteeeieelkkdiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktqsvlegklggee
>Clostridium_bornimense  coded_by=335278..336840,organism=Clostridium bornimense,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskinlditevesreqrlgtiiawdgkasdlaaqsayerrgsgckgrgsgcklcevkgpfsqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhapigcaagqvpynsiyrnglklrnhdveniriictnlqesdmvfgaldklkqsindaferynpkaifvstacatgiigediesvavemeselgipviplqcegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivkknpkkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpmlkelnlrvnyvvdlatvddlamlseaaatvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpevkapqpygfkgtdawlreiakvthreelaeayierehkrvapriaelreklkgvkgyvatgsayahglivvlrelgievngslvfhhdpvydsgdpkqdslshlinnygdvpsfnvsnrqqfqlygflkevkpdfmlirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehiaigyqgiinlgeaildvlahkkfhndlkehvklpykkwwldqkdpyilakhpeliedykddykknveeal
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC391B00  coded_by=complement(15681..17186),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC391B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metdamsllkakiqdvfdepaceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepddagpydvnilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmeqrwgipfsegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkqrikqilkddnhmfeqmtprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdchpavreelpstknetatlyvvqefagttaddfgdc
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=complement(3041857..3043503),organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpsegprlcrkadivgsptaqhailplgfqapslwhcfclssssghapprpevrmskdraakvfeepdcghnrakseaerkkgcaakgptpgnaaggcafdgakialqpildavhlvhgplacegnswdtrnvgtsgplvyrygfttdlsdldiihggekklykaikeaiaryappaifvyqtcvpaltgddieavcreatkrlgtpcipvlapgfagsknlgsrlaaeallahvigteepddagptdiniiaeynvagefrlvapllrrlgirvrtcitgnaryhdltrahrarvnmvmcsqamlnlgrgmrerwgipyfegsfygagdtsqtlrtmarrlveqgapadlidrtealvtaeearvravlaemrprlagkkallytggvkswsivnalqemgmevvgtsvrkstdddkarakaalqrnpgsgtegtlyeklpntdmdalfrsgradimlsggrsqfvalkartpwmdinqerhhayagydglitlveqmdleinnpvwaqvrqpapwettappldldaalaadetapdtpaalregaa
>Xanthobacter_autotrophicus_Py2  coded_by=97375..98880,organism=Xanthobacter autotrophicus Py2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslaqpqsvaeikarnkeliaevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqdlfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskakskeydnktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkmdpnaaprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiaayfddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtiiyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmtkapwkqapaqpgllaae
>Halorhodospira_halochloris_str._A  coded_by=1635417..1636868,organism=Halorhodospira halochloris str. A,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mcamkrdeaealiqevlevypekarkdrakhltvndpnveqakkclvsnrksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytghtgvntfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklekmidemetlfplnkgisiqsecpvgligddiesvakkktketdkpvvalrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdsvlprrdddhsfestpydvaltgdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiselelapkakvnllhcyrsmnylarhmeekyglpwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadlfddkikegaerviekyqsemdaviakyrprlegrkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgagyefahnddydrtikemgdatllyddvtgyeleefvkrvrpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwdklqapwkkva
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=complement(857418..858866),organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mmsavlddktrnkalinevlevypekaakkrakhlnvyeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmmhishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyyngttgvdafgamqvtsdfqekdivfggdkkldkvvdeiaqlfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeinlpmvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadynapfestpydvvlmadyniggdawssrilleemglrvigqgtgdatlkeiemmprakllllhcyrsmnyiarhveekygvpwfeynlfgptkiaeslrgiaaffddtikekaeqviakytalsqavidkykprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevcgtgyefghgddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvssfelekfaekirpdligsgvkekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwgmtkapwkk
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=complement(4344080..4345654),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperkqhavvkgpgedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnddfqlkytfasdvkekhivfgaekllkqniieafkafpnikrmtiyqtcataligddvdaiaaevkeempdidifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepkitgdhvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhgahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprldidgfghkalgdslrkiglffgieeraeaiiaeetakwgpelawykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiqeemgvkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelenqealrnlkpdviftgkrpgevakkmrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynavyspihqlsaidiskddyatdkgfvtrrmlsdanlsdeakaspmtgysgkfdpiaairaktdadypvfprqsvpvaae
>Frankia_sp._R43  coded_by=265237..266622,organism=Frankia sp. R43,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maatdratlftepacdhnreksakerkagcpkpapggtsggctfdgamitlvpivdsahvvhgpiacagnswdgrgslssgpdlyrrgftsdvgeqdvifggeqrlfdtileaverhrppavfvystcvtamigddldavcaaaathtgvpvipvhapgfvgnknlgnkiagdallehvigtvepadvseydvnlvgeyniagelwdvlptlsklglrvracisgdaryadvaaahraratmvvcsrallglarglderydipwfegsfygvramndtlrqfarllgggalaeraeelieleqtavdlalepyrerlagkravlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvangitkssdgdvekisellgpdakivsegsprellriadetradilvaggrnmytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagyrgavelarrldlaltnpvweqvrapapwdvastpaeva
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR819  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR819,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgvtgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpenkprfeptpydvaivgdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_valentinum  coded_by=complement(22882..24546),organism=Bradyrhizobium valentinum,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msalsatiqemfnepgcaknanksdaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgasiwrtgfttdmnetdivfggekrlykaikeiinkynpsaifvyqtcvpamigddinavckaasqklgkpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageallehvigtlepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirilscisgdgkyrevasshrarvammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapselierteaviareearalaaierykprfagkrallitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstkqdkerikelmgqdahmiedmtpreiykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqerchaymgyigmvklveeidkalfnpiweqlrrpvpweevaknrqtkgmarmdaqaaevaadpetsrrakkvcfckevdlgtiedairshgltsveavrqhtnafggcckrriedilatmpvssppamlqaae
>Thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum_DSM_571  coded_by=complement(1856502..1858109),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum DSM 571,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
miernptqddmmgslveknkklienitdsypkkvskerkthlvvidpneeqhimadvatipgimtnrgcsyagakgvvfgpvkdilhlthgpigcgyytwntrrnlaepeegynyfikncfstnmqekdvvfggekklygaikeayeifkpkvvgiyatcpvgligddikavakraeeelgikvitvscegykgvsqsaghhlasntlimdivgteeledptpydinifgeyniggdvwvvkdllqkigyrvvsvftgdskyddlakahkaklsilmchrsinytnrmmeekfgvpwlkvnyigitstieslremakffddpmiyentekvieeelkkikprldyyrerlkgkkailfvggsrahhyqdllkdigmetivagyefahrddyegrkiipeikeaphhkildtyhfervtepaypkekieemkskmpdhfmnyegmmvhmdegsividdfnhheteelikalkpdiflsgikdryvfqkmgvpsrqihsydysgpyssfegavnfardmdmainnpiwkevtppwkk
>Paludibacter_propionicigenes_WB4  coded_by=1698009..1699400,organism=Paludibacter propionicigenes WB4,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkniktniindtnfnsplgaggsilldermkqvsvaganertidcnkaslagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypivdalhiihgpigcaaytwdirgslssgpelhrlsystdlqekdvifggekklyasiielidlhqpkaafiyttcivgvigddveqicrtvekekgipiipvqapgfqgskkdgykvaceaiftlvgtknklytpaksinilgdfnlagelwilleyykkmgvhvnatitgdgrvddicnahnaalnvvqcsgsmnylakmmkdkygipsmrvsyfgiedmsdalydvarffkdddmmdkarelvkeefsklipklawykerltgkkaaiyvggafkaislvkalrligvqsvivgsqtgttedyelikqlcdegtiivddsnpvelshfvkekqadifiggvkerpiahkiglgfcdhnherkeplagyegmlnfakeiyatamspvwkftk
>Phormidium_ambiguum_IAM_M-71  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=Phormidium ambiguum IAM M-71,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
gvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaakeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfpqadkkkkelgiestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemmltpnvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptqiaqslreiaakfdatiqenaekviakyeaqtkaviekyrsrlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkligtgyefghnddykrtthyveggtliyddvsayefeqfvkalkpdliasgikeky
>Pleurocapsa_sp._PCC_7516  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7516,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggasiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdypgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Syntrophothermus_lipocalidus_DSM_12680  coded_by=complement(2160276..2161622),organism=Syntrophothermus lipocalidus DSM 12680,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpgverllperrrhvvtkgdgtavlpecgrptvpglvseracafygarwmlgaipdvihlvhgpagcayfggivrrksyrvfstqleesdivfgageklyraileavaaapgaravlvyatctagligddldgicrraaravgrpvvpvnspgfcgysqaaghdiaagvllehfigtgkaqepvangvnllgefdvmgdlgeierllqqlglrilcafsgraattamadahrarlnivhcrrtgqrladamqerfgtpqlkvsffgfeetasalhsigkffgsagveeiveqgrrevgnaapflkklagkrvalffgasrigtmarafaelgmevvmigsqfgcledygdagarvragtvliddppekeleefirkyrphlfvggtkekylatklgvpflvfpqemssfagfrgfvnlareaaglvgapvwrlarceryyrtlqtaeg
>delta_proteobacterium_MLMS-1  coded_by=6879..8243,organism=delta proteobacterium MLMS-1,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mettvlktreaqiwrnnndpmvlecnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdmqeqdvifggeeklyralvelidrhapaaafvystcivgiigddleavcrrveaeknipilpvqsegfkgnkrggyqaacnalhrlvgtgdtsgispysinilgdfnlagelwlirdyftrmgvevvanitgdgriadiqrahgaalnvvqcsgatmelatmmkedygipvikvsyfgvedmaaalyavaeffqeqapeimmrtrelvreeldallpeleqyrrelagkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrtigmevvmvgsqtgttedyqelaeitdpgtiivddantlelasflrekavdifvggvkerpiaykmgvafcdhnherkeilagfagmlnfarevhasvtspvwrllprqndyhpgs
>Rubrivivax_benzoatilyticus_JA2  coded_by=complement(5578..7044),organism=Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtmtaeerkaankalidevlkaypdkmakkrakhlnayeegrpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyvgitgvdsfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkskemdgktiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktdpgkyaefvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgptqiekslreiashfddtikanaerviakyrpmvdaviakykprldgkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmeicgtgyefahnddyqrtthyikdgtliyddvtgyefekfvervqpdligsgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdiaisspvwglakgapwkkaa
>Paenibacillus_polymyxa  coded_by=45915..47363,organism=Paenibacillus polymyxa,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mssivdkgkqiveeilevypkkakkdrtkhfeiadeelvncgtcsiksnmksrpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangilgidnftamqitsnfqekdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddigavakkmteelgipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgrrelkecgpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelgiahksklnlihchrsmnymcttmeqeygipwmeynffgptktmeslraiaarfdetiqekceqviaqympqmeavirkyrprlegkkvmlligglrarhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyektfpdvkegtilyddptayeleelaqrlnidlmgagvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifardmdmtinspvwsllpsrqtaevpv
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(3016934..3018424),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msnfeqkepprrehrlhaciasggtladmanrkmkccipdgersfsqnsiclllpalgmmnsipnsvvlmhgavgcgssahggnaavragnvhrwgavkdgvwlstalderdvicggeekleeairevdrrysptiifvvagcvpgiigddidsvaqrlqsevsakllpvhcegfktkiwataydavyhalgrvmlqetseniamekpkkptvnlmnvssmgridevelerlltalglnvnifpvfakpekmyamthadlsistcpthddymltylkekynipyiikhmpigisntgewlrgvaeffgltneveefikgeeielkkaleefkplfsgkkvfvsagefralstaillaelgfevvavrsyhhdefadteyeklaqitakdfplniancqpfeeanllrrvkpdiflghmngnataaklgvattviynvglqfvgyqgayqlarrlhrqltnpnfnqnisrwvnlpyskewydqdpftyikkgeaqge
>Clostridium_saccharoperbutylacetonicum_N1-4(HMT)  coded_by=1548415..1549887,organism=Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum N1-4(HMT),definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maidlkisavgtresrlgsitgyngdlhdivnksqcgtlknkercfsqssscnamcalgqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctavasgvnvnnnqlatkrgisnntvflgtdmdendtvfgatgslkeiiletynrykpkaifigtscvsgiigedvdsvveevkkelpedipvaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavlssivkppkektnkinfknfyeserkqiidifsnfgvepvffyqnstveelehlsealatvsicgvlgsylgngleqqygvpyvktinplgvagfetwlrgigvaigkekeveayiereraiyipkieevkkelkglkavlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdklhdndempaplkylsenstsnfkvsvadqqnfeilniinhykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgaaalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtiknrsfeknlaarvklpytewwykqenstflleeak
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_MGH_27  coded_by=complement(709748..711199),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca MGH 27,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_MGH_41  coded_by=252370..253821,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca MGH 41,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_sp._AS10  coded_by=56900..58351,organism=Klebsiella sp. AS10,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_10-5242  coded_by=331955..333406,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca 10-5242,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_sp._OBRC7  coded_by=complement(77388..78839),organism=Klebsiella sp. OBRC7,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_E718  coded_by=4033460..4034911,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca E718,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=252352..253803,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Serratia_sp._ATCC_39006  coded_by=complement(286512..287885),organism=Serratia sp. ATCC 39006,definition=Nitrogenase
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsrssgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivshykpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraaevavgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnriagevmvkkvigqrdpapwpedyplavehrhnigligefniagefwnvlplldelgirvlgnlsgdgrfaeiqtmhhaevnmvvcsralinvarmleqryhipwfegsfygvramsealralvtligdedliqrteamiareeavaeqalapyrerlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgedalmldegnartlldvvyrygadimiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrgivtlaeqlcltlespvwqqshqsapwh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gs4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gs4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhizobium_acidisoli  coded_by=complement(2144..>3435),organism=Rhizobium acidisoli,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
lgcegnswdnrgsassgptlwrtsfttdltetevvmghgerklykaireikeayappavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigsvepndvtaydiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvtqgadpeilertealiaeeeaiawmklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmevgieivgtsvkkstpedkerikqllkdenhlfesmaprelynmladgkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwmevrepapwecqhaveeeltntksenetgyalqnfvgavagsfgkr
>Leptospirillum_ferrodiazotrophum  coded_by=1..1431,organism=Leptospirillum ferrodiazotrophum,definition=NifD
msqnieeakkiiaevlevypektrkkrekhlnvfeegkpdcgvksniktvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiqelfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkkkgaeiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsieelintpkvklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffddkirenaekviakyealtkatvekyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtiiyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfsifardmdmainnpvwqmakapf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H32  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H32,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeenfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cscc2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cscc2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeenfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aeky3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aeky3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aeky10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aeky10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_sp._BNL1100  coded_by=complement(2954550..2956142),organism=Clostridium sp. BNL1100,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mnvrnivldkysakvyknrkehimeltqetkdqpiaansrtvpgiitnrgccyagckgvvlgplkdvlvlthgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaktedgrnfieycfstdlqepdivfggekklrqaikeaveifqpkcimicstcpvgligddihavateteqlygiscmafscegykgvsqsgghhianntlmkkiigtndtppknkysvnllgeyniggdgweverimkrigydvisvftgdgsfeaiknshmanlnlvqchrsinyiaemmktkygvdwikvnfigikstiqslrdmaayfgdkelaerteeviddelaniaeekeyyysklkgktaalyvggsrshhyqlllsdfgvstvlagyefahrddyegreviptikedadskniehlnvekddkkyhayltdeqyemlkskipledytgmirhmengsivvddlnqfetdeflkllkpdiffsgikdkyslqkagvlarqlhsydysgpyagfrgsvnfarditmglytpawgfvtppwknrstlraslaggee
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(127700..129208),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mdyikekappvreerlracnayggscgnlvekskkgclngikrkfsqtqgcqlnlslaiintirdavvivhgpvgcggaslaqagvnkgfqklrdsnargliwvntnmgenevvqggesrlrdailhaekefrpsaiiivnscvpaiigddidgvveqaqkevkakivpvhcegfktkimasaydavyhgilrnliphekiiqdektelealqekyrasrtvnvlnvssmsrideyelvrllkaidlelnilpcyahpddfqkateaalnvsicathddyfvehlkekygipfilrtipigvqytnrwildiakffgaeeaaqrfidqevkqleeaiapfrdifkgkrvligggeirvvanaellhylgfeiiglrayhydqfademlgeqdiikqipfnvatgqpfeqanlnhnlkpdlyvghvntnvwaakqgipviplfhqsqlflgytgiyefarrlarilrnpsfnrnfkdnvhlpyfeewyekdafsyideselqa
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=26951..28459,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mdyikekappvreerlracnayggscgnlvekskkgclngikrkfsqtqgcqlnlslaiintirdavvivhgpvgcggaslaqagvnkgfqklrdsnargliwvntnmgenevvqggesrlrdailhaekefrpsaiiivnscvpaiigddidgvveqaqkevkakivpvhcegfktkimasaydavyhgilrnliphekiiqdektelealqekyrasrtvnvlnvssmsrideyelvrllkaidlelnilpcyahpddfqkateaalnvsicathddyfvehlkekygipfilrtipigvqytnrwildiakffgaeeaaqrfidqevkqleeaiapfrdifkgkrvligggeirvvanaellhylgfeiiglrayhydqfademlgeqdiikqipfnvatgqpfeqanlnhnlkpdlyvghvntnvwaakqgipviplfhqsqlflgytgiyefarrlarilrnpsfnrnfkdnvhlpyfeewyekdafsyideselqa
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=117649..119157,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mdyikekappvreerlracnayggscgnlvekskkgclngikrkfsqtqgcqlnlslaiintirdavvivhgpvgcggaslaqagvnkgfqklrdsnargliwvntnmgenevvqggesrlrdailhaekefrpsaiiivnscvpaiigddidgvveqaqkevkakivpvhcegfktkimasaydavyhgilrnliphekiiqdektelealqekyrasrtvnvlnvssmsrideyelvrllkaidlelnilpcyahpddfqkateaalnvsicathddyfvehlkekygipfilrtipigvqytnrwildiakffgaeeaaqrfidqevkqleeaiapfrdifkgkrvligggeirvvanaellhylgfeiiglrayhydqfademlgeqdiikqipfnvatgqpfeqanlnhnlkpdlyvghvntnvwaakqgipviplfhqsqlflgytgiyefarrlarilrnpsfnrnfkdnvhlpyfeewyekdafsyideselqa
>Cyanothece_sp._CCY0110  coded_by=145317..146759,organism=Cyanothece sp. CCY0110,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matvednkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegeadcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiideieelfplnggvsvqsecpvgligddiesvartksketgksvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfptadkenaekgfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtltemkatpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaaslreiasrfdekiqakaeeviekyrkqseeviakyrprlegksvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeivgtgyefahgddykrttnyvedatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligtpwnk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U29  coded_by=<1..>756,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U29,definition=NifD
vheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhwyrsmnyxyrh
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1597726..1599084,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=hypothetical protein
mympkgrnnlfvepdcehnnqekkgcvrpkpgevsrgcpfagslaalmpiadaahlvhgtagclesgwgypgsridfgnlsgygfsthlnnrdmtmggerkllqsigyiadsyhppaifvyatcvtvllmedidsickeaeqiwglpvipvhspgltgsssnmgrklagealmdrvigkgapkreeltefdlnligeysgteegrsiknllvkagirvlaqitgessydevsrshlakvnmvvcsrsmitlarkmkdkfdipyfegsfygereirfamrqigfhfhnpdldkrlhrfirkeeqrlraelapvrkalkgkkvvlytdgvdswthltmlqelglkiaaigtnrnaqedisrirerltdgtliindcddqqivkiyrerkadlmivsgrnefvplkeripflnvarsrhasyagyegvrnfaqdllgtleqpvwaisgksapweg
>Frankia_alni  coded_by=3711..5171,organism=Frankia alni,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtttpaperaeteamiaevlsqypkkaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyahghlgvdnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpkleqvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavakksskkldipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggdsfeqtdydvaligdyniggdawasrrileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerfgtpwtefnffgptkiissmrkiaeffddeikakteaaiaryqvrfdeitkafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtysmlkegtvlyddptafeleefakflkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainspawdlleapwskageva
>Frankia_sp._CpI1-S  coded_by=complement(15302..16762),organism=Frankia sp. CpI1-S,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtttpaperaeteamiaevlsqypkkaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyahghlgvdnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpkleqvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavakksskkldipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggdsfeqtdydvaligdyniggdawasrrileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerfgtpwtefnffgptkiissmrkiaeffddeikakteaaiaryqvrfdeitkafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtysmlkegtvlyddptafeleefakflkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainspawdlleapwskageva
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1893868..1895208,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=hypothetical protein
mskvierpryvcalggaigtiqslpraipilhsssgcggnlagalsgasgynggnycggqalpssnvserdivfggegrlyeqientlkvmdgdlyfvvtgcmvemigdnvhavtkrfkggelpvlaaetvsfkgnsyygyelvletlfrdfvekteekdaktvnlwgvvpmqdvfwkgnlgvlknllkklgfeantffgqgetldnlknaakaslnivvsdaygieaakvfeevhgvpyltvqlpvgdhgtsrflrtvgkalgvddikierliqeerkayypylerladvyndldfqryatvvgdpnytqaltrfladdlgwlpelvvitdilaeeqkervlatfsdyesglrpeivfdedassvggyinrhwpqnqgqkyykgfapgvilgsvmerdtaeqfkvpllpvtypisnrvvlnrayagytggltlaedvlslvvahr
>Nostoc_sp._'Peltigera_malacea_(AccDB3992(UBC))_cyanobiont'  coded_by=244..1773,organism=Nostoc sp. 'Peltigera malacea (AccDB3992(UBC)) cyanobiont',definition=vnfE
mtasidknvvfygnlselyrlakegkikttlqgshtrpckfwtatkilsgiknaivishgpsgcaygvkraykltnsrnsgspyepvvttnmsekavifggekelkgairevdekyhpdaivvatscasgiigdcvddvvnkarseidaeimtihcegfageyrsgfdivfrqivdfmepptperkaqladavnivgakmgpertevetdvkelvrlieamgarvhsviagdctleelkqapsaavnctlcldlgytigkamsdkfgtplnstilpygitatekwlegaakylgmeeqaaalmereyaaiktefeaaksyiegklaiieghdaikclslahmlerdfgmrvviynfhpwstearetsvdylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedelldfiggldpdsvvyfgsslsfphipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakciktalqygfrprssltkqmvfpkdsglasaqsltgklaqdlpdctvyaekkrgkcfne
>Frankia_sp._EUN1f  coded_by=complement(56945..58498),organism=Frankia sp. EUN1f,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msreagapplpgsapwsaghtptadnrsgseeplvhrtapltqliegnalpsgeiamaatdratlftepacdhnreksakerkagcpkpapggtsggctfdgalitlvpivdsahvvhgpiacagnswdgrgslssgpdlyrrgftsdvgeqdvifggeqrlfdtileaverhrppavfvystcvtamigddldavcaaaathtgvpvipvhapgfvgnknlgnkiagdalldhvigtvepadvseydvnlvgeyniagelwdvlptlsklglrvracisgdaryadvaaahraratmvvcsrallglargleerydipwfegsfygvramndtlrqfarllgggalaeraeelieleqtavdlalepyrerlagkravlytggvkswsivaalqdlgievvangitkssdgdvekisellgpdakivsegsprellriadetradilvaggrnmytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagyrgavelarrldlaltnpvweqvrapapwdvastsagva
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1895251..1896789,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase
mdyikhkvppvredrlmacqayggtcgdlskdskkgclyaskrtfsqtqgcqlnlslgmissmrdavmvihspigcggnliqnaginkvfqklrqesaiglrwintnlsevdvisggeaklrqavlkaerefrpsailvfnscvpaligddidgilddlqkqvsakivpihcegfktkiqataydsvyhglirnlvgedkdtkpavvrtpeeeaehqaiisktvnllnvgsmsrideeelvrllkaldlnvrilpsyshpddfvyaheaalnvsicathddyfvehfqqlygipyvlrtipigiantnkwlrdiasffgieeqaekliaaetaelkqaiepfkaefkgktafltggevrilttaellhnlgfeilglrgyhfdkygeilldeymedvpnsekaifnigsgqvfeqanllskitpdlfvghigvngsaakqgypifplfgqsddylgykgvyevaervsrilknpsfnknlgsntrlpyrdswyeqdpftyiddsasiaaqig
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_HI350  coded_by=3680856..3682385,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae HI350,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
magianesivffgnlselyqlakegkidtklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgiknavviahgpsgcafgvkqtykltncrnsgspyeavittninekavvyggerelkgsilevdskykpdiifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnrvrpkinakimavhcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesraalassvnivggkmgperteidtdvkelrrliegmganvnaiiagncsleeirrapgvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfdtplnstilpygisaterwlseaakylhmeaeaetlikreyeairvefeeakkhlagklaiveghdaikalsiahmlerdfdmrvviynfhpwstearetsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamlqtenelleylgdmspertvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgymgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvmkkmvfpensglcsaqsltpklaqelpdctiyagkgrgkcmms
>Dickeya_solani_D_s0432-1  coded_by=complement(1611999..1613447),organism=Dickeya solani D s0432-1,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain
mtnatsernqaiiqevleifpekarkerkkhmmvtdpamdgvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvnsfgtlnftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklieeleqlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanasrkaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementphvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaqfddtiqknaeaviasyqaqteaviakyrprlegrkvmlylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtlmfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpgwseltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=55..1428,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=Klebsiella pneumionia nifE and nifN genes
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataagcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagdvmvkrvigqrepapwpestlfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlrqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwreqlrgrkallytgavkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyqgivtlarqlcqtinspiwpqthsrapwr
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=153..1523,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=A.vinelandii nitrogen fixation (nifE) gene, complete cds
mkakdiaelldepacshnkkeksgcakpkpgatdgrcsfdgaqiallpvadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpdlyrigmttdltendvimgraekrlfhairqavesylppavfvyntcvpaligddvdsagfygtknlgnriageamlkyvigtrepdplpvgserpgirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlagdagyrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlkrarklqetygtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarllddpdltartealiareeakvraalepwrarlegkrvllytggvkswsvvsplqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnarvllktvdeyqadiliaggrnmytalkgrvpfldinqerefgyggydrmlelvrhvcitlecpvweavrrpapwdipasqdarpsggpfger
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraervigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiewirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraervigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiewirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraervigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiewirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraervigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiewirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraervigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiewirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Candidatus_Contendobacter_odensis_Run_B_J11  coded_by=complement(26896..28296),organism=Candidatus Contendobacter odensis Run_B_J11,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkpsdlaalrdepacdhnlkaksgcarpkpgasaggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgarstgpalyrlgmttdlseqdvimgrgekrlfhavkqaidryqpaavfvystcvtaligddlpaickaaeqrwgvpvvpvdsagfygsknlgnriagevmvqyvvgtcepspppvdparpdlkvhdinligeyniagelwrvlplfdelglrvlctlsgdtrfrevqtmhraevnmivcsramlnvarklkerfgtpwfegsfygvrdvsqalrdiarligdpnlsqrteaviareeasadsalepwrqrlhgkrallytggvkswsivsalqdlgitvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgedarmiedgnprellalskeyqadlliaggrnmytalkarlpfldinqerefayagyrgmvelarqiartvenpvwdavrrpapwdlialearhg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ic20  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ic20,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqtlfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitseaelrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=50094..51626,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvqiadnpppveptppaaarddaramppasaaaqsirilpgraasitvagapsadpsarataslacdrsslagsvtqracafcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgaqssgsqlfrnsfstdlqemdviyggekklgaalreliarhqpkaafvystcivgvigddveavcrevardtaipvipvasegfkgtkktgyraacdavyrlvgtgdtagippasinllgdfniagetwvirdyfermgvhivatltgdgrvdtirrchgaklnlvqcsgsmtslakmlekdhgipfkrvsffgiedmsaalydvarhfsaedpallerarqvvreeleklmpelrryreklvgrkaaiyvggafkafslvralrtlgmttalvgtqtgdkddyellrqmcdpgtvivddsnplelakfclekdvdlfiggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkealagyvgmlnfarevyasvmspvwqytprraacslptanfqlptpraggapa
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=7019395..7020927,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvqiadnpppveptppaaarddaramppasaaaqsirilpgraasitvagapsadpsarataslacdrsslagsvtqracafcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgaqssgsqlfrnsfstdlqemdviyggekklgaalreliarhqpkaafvystcivgvigddveavcrevardtaipvipvasegfkgtkktgyraacdavyrlvgtgdtagippasinllgdfniagetwvirdyfermgvhivatltgdgrvdtirrchgaklnlvqcsgsmtslakmlekdhgipfkrvsffgiedmsaalydvarhfsaedpallerarqvvreeleklmpelrryreklvgrkaaiyvggafkafslvralrtlgmttalvgtqtgdkddyellrqmcdpgtvivddsnplelakfclekdvdlfiggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkealagyvgmlnfarevyasvmspvwqytprraacslptanfqlptpraggapa
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L103C120A0  coded_by=complement(175471..176973),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L103C120A0,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdleleagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(<1..1059),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mslaflflfnlkmvakgekvmsinlsqpavelresrlktitgyegdaaellsrndipnrersftqcgscsadqvmnlltqiqdaavvehgpagcagdipmrngvfrtgnkrmgynvhnvkylntnldekdtiygggaklekaireakrrfnpkvifvtttcasaiigddvpgicneleeefgipviatlcegfrtniwatgfdsanhsilrkivkparqkqpdlinvisfehkflyesvfrqlglrtnhivplstveeleriseaaatvqycetlgsylaagleehfgvleikapapfgikasdellreigrifhkeeevekviisekekiaedlerlrgrltgktayiaagg
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=1240..>2298,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mslaflflfnlkmvakgekvmsinlsqpavelresrlktitgyegdaaellsrndipnrersftqcgscsadqvmnlltqiqdaavvehgpagcagdipmrngvfrtgnkrmgynvhnvkylntnldekdtiygggaklekaireakrrfnpkvifvtttcasaiigddvpgicneleeefgipviatlcegfrtniwatgfdsanhsilrkivkparqkqpdlinvisfehkflyesvfrqlglrtnhivplstveeleriseaaatvqycetlgsylaagleehfgvleikapapfgikasdellreigrifhkeeevekviisekekiaedlerlrgrltgktayiaagg
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(3264480..3265928),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
manatsernqaiiqevlevfpdktrkerkkhmmvadpaqegvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyngvsgvdsfgtlnfssdfqekdivfggdkkltklieelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanvsreaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregqpfestaydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpyvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkialqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswqaltapwlksa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(3217704..3219152),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
manatsernqaiiqevlevfpdktrkerkkhmmvadpaqegvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyngvsgvdsfgtlnfssdfqekdivfggdkkltklieelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanvsreaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregqpfestaydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpyvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkialqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswqaltapwlksa
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW2  coded_by=complement(157171..158754),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW2,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmaergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepeflgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffdiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtakmnadltvsdevkfsevlheytgkydsiaeirarnqayaaeqkalreavqpaae
>Sedimenticola_sp._SIP-G1  coded_by=3617862..3619295,organism=Sedimenticola sp. SIP-G1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkqkdiaalldepacahnkksksgcakpkpgataggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgsiacagsswdnrgtrssgsrlfrigmttdlteqdvimgrgekrlfhsikqaiesyqpaavfvyntcvpaligddveavckaaterwgtpvvpvdaagfygtknlgnriagetmvkyvcgtrepdplpaaqqrpgiqvhdiclvgeyniagelwhilplldelglrvlctlsgdaryrevqtmhrsevnmmvcskaminvarklqeaygtpwfegsfygvqdvsqalrdfarripdpdlyartelliereearisrqlapwreklkgkkvllytggvkswsvvaalqdlgmqvvatgtkksteedkarirelmggealmledgnpralldivrdqqvdvliaggrnmytalkarvpfldinqerdfgyagyegmlelarqlvvtinspiwqavrrpapwvsrdplssgqrkpveqgvthg
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7107  coded_by=3887602..3889044,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7107,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtppenknlveenkeliqevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheenksdcgvksniksipgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgitginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkiideleilfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakkaskqygkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpeydklkkdnkldfepsqydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnsvlekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtahyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyafqkmglpfrqmhswdyselsdgvqmsdevrifpggrkkslflv
>Rhizobium_etli_CFN_42  coded_by=complement(215240..216730),organism=Rhizobium etli CFN 42,definition=nitrogenase, NifE protein
mpllnakvqdvfdepaceknrskdskarkngcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihgplgcegnswdnrgsassgptlwrtsfttdltetevvmghgerklfkaireikeahappaifvystcvtaligddievvckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigsvepndvtaydiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvmqgadpeilertealiaeeeaiawmklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmevgieivgtsvkkstpedkerikqllkdenhlfesmaprelynmladgkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwmevrepapwecqhaveeeltntksenetgyvlqnfvgavagsfckr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crc16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crc16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4772484..4773965),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mgkinlkipevevrekrlgsitgfngsadelvrcsqagklkdssrsfsqcmgcssgqafcqlsmikdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqmqrdlpstngryfntnieekdtvfgageklkttvreaykrakpnaifvttscatgiigedveteteelskelgipvvacfcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhtivrkivkpprkktnkvniinfwgshifddilnrigyeaqyivpfstvadleyiseaaatiqvcstlgtymgaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdqwlrelgkvlnrekeieeiikeehervipklneyrellkgktayltagaahghaiiallrelglevqgaaifhhdpiydngdkasdalaqdvknygdiknynvcnkqsyelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyagriaetidnkefvtnlakhssmpytkwwleqdpftflgggahvkny
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._deg3.11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. deg3.11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhedgrsdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkatpegkstfeatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Mangrovibacter_sp._MFB070  coded_by=353365..354741,organism=Mangrovibacter sp. MFB070,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqkmgcsapkpgatvggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsqssgpeinrlgfttdlseqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivqhyhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraaeqdtgtpvvcvdaagfygnknlgnriagevlvkkvigqrepapwpegspvapehrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlaslsgdgrfqeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvarqlqeryqtpwfegsfygiramrdsllklaallndddlltrteaviareeawveqalqpyrarlagrkvllytggvkswsivsalqdlgmqvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgedaimleegnartlldvvyrynadmmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagytglvamaqslcltlespvwaqshqrapwlg
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U11  coded_by=<1..>762,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U11,definition=NifD
lnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgviwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligdnietvskakskeyggktilpvrcqgfrgvsqslghhianhavphwvfdkatpdksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Mm623  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Mm623,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkippeaelrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._da4.6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. da4.6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkippeaelrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanothermobacter_marburgensis_str._Marburg  coded_by=153500..154912,organism=Methanothermobacter marburgensis str. Marburg,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
mpfelfgvdaeipdrkkhiyvkkqgdpegdipacntttipgcmtergcafagakgvitgaikdalhvihspvgctaygygtkryptsqempdgsmfpiekfnlkyitgtdlsesdvvfggmdklkrcileavrefpeanavytyatcttgligddidaisrevseeigkdvvainapgfagptqskghqvanytlfedlvgtaepprtteydvnligeynidgdlwvlkkyfeemginvlstftgdcchdeikwmhraklslvrcqrsanyiaklleerygvpymkvdffgieycrknlmaigeyfgiperaerviedrmkkigpeiqyfkdklrgkrvwvfsggpknwhlprpledelgmevvavstmfehedgyekikkrvregtvivddpnsleleeiiekyrpdiilsgikekylahklgvpcilihsyengpyigfegflnlardmyaaiynpvwdllefeedvn
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=504837..505985,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mterdivfggekrlkeqiestleieerlkagiafggtcanlkdclnkaclnnanrsfsqtygcqhglslgilntlwlstnldesdvisggekklrdtiiyadkefrpeviiavsgcvpaligddidgiisdlqsevaaalmpvtcegfktkvmataydaayngimkkllknvireenlveddfeeikrkylltrhvnifnvgsmsradelelerllnaigltvtflpcysapkdfayslenslnvsicgthddyyikyveqeygipfiidtipigrkntarwvlkivehfnlekeaeaflkkedellneslkpyrkklkgkrmhlgggairivataevlqdlgmeivgfkghhidkfieptfealeniddvvfnvatqqpfe
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=504862..506010,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=Predicted nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein
mterdivfggekrlkeqiestleieerlkagiafggtcanlkdclnkaclnnanrsfsqtygcqhglslgilntlwlstnldesdvisggekklrdtiiyadkefrpeviiavsgcvpaligddidgiisdlqsevaaalmpvtcegfktkvmataydaayngimkkllknvireenlveddfeeikrkylltrhvnifnvgsmsradelelerllnaigltvtflpcysapkdfayslenslnvsicgthddyyikyveqeygipfiidtipigrkntarwvlkivehfnlekeaeaflkkedellneslkpyrkklkgkrmhlgggairivataevlqdlgmeivgfkghhidkfieptfealeniddvvfnvatqqpfe
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=296717..298027,organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=Nitrogenase
makildqarykcalaamqtvqsipgaipvlhsgpgcasklndnngtsgrfspniypctsisekevvfggadklrstisnalkiidadlfvvlsgctgeiigddiqevaeefedaekpviwaktpgfkgnnyighdwilksifeqyvrkfkgeapkekglvnlfagvpqqdpywlgnlrelerllqsiglktntifgfgrglenlqkiptaeytilvspwaglesaqylekefnipllhypilpigaaettkflrtvaeftgadkeltesviqqneaqffyyleryadtilesrivskrftvvseaqyviavtkflvndmglfpqklfvtddtpeafreevsqetntlnydiktkvefttdgfdlqnqirkmdfggspliigsnwekklahelkghfvnisypmiekivinshvagysgglyllediysaalsmlki
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=1331736..1333046,organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=Nitrogenase
makildqarykcalaamqtvqsipgaipvlhsgpgcasklndnngtsgrfspniypctsisekevvfggadklrstisnalkiidadlfvvlsgctgeiigddiqevaeefedaekpviwaktpgfkgnnyighdwilksifeqyvrkfkgeapkekglvnlfagvpqqdpywlgnlrelerllqsiglktntifgfgrglenlqkiptaeytilvspwaglesaqylekefnipllhypilpigaaettkflrtvaeftgadkeltesviqqneaqffyyleryadtilesrivskrftvvseaqyviavtkflvndmglfpqklfvtddtpeafreevsqetntlnydiktkvefttdgfdlqnqirkmdfggspliigsnwekklahelkghfvnisypmiekivinshvagysgglyllediysaalsmlki
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=1778453..1779763,organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=putative nitrogenase, molybdenum-iron protein, beta subunit
makildqarykcalaamqtvqsipgaipvlhsgpgcasklndnngtsgrfspniypctsisekevvfggadklrstisnalkiidadlfvvlsgctgeiigddiqevaeefedaekpviwaktpgfkgnnyighdwilksifeqyvrkfkgeapkekglvnlfagvpqqdpywlgnlrelerllqsiglktntifgfgrglenlqkiptaeytilvspwaglesaqylekefnipllhypilpigaaettkflrtvaeftgadkeltesviqqneaqffyyleryadtilesrivskrftvvseaqyviavtkflvndmglfpqklfvtddtpeafreevsqetntlnydiktkvefttdgfdlqnqirkmdfggspliigsnwekklahelkghfvnisypmiekivinshvagysgglyllediysaalsmlki
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris  coded_by=4644..6308,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssladkiqdvfnepgcatnqvksekqrkkgcskplqpggaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgvkssgsklyrtgfttdmgendvvfggekrlfksireiiekydppavfvyqtcvpammgddiaavcklasekfgkpcipiispgfvgpknlgnklageamldyvigtqepdyttpydiniigeynvagefwqvkplldelgirilsclsgdaryhevarahrakaammvcstaminvarkmeerygipyfegsfygitdtsdslrqiaklliargadaelmdrveaviareearawealkaftprltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagltivgssvkkstkedkerlremspdvhqiddlrprdmykmlkdaqadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqersyayegyvgivemvrqidkalsnpiwaqvrapapwaeisweeradaanaadaaalagdpelaeaqrrgelvcqckqidvgtiedavrshdltmiaqvtqltqagggcggckdkiaailgrvaadaapaaqva
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis_LMG_19424  coded_by=334020..335492,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis LMG 19424,definition=NifD nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain (Nitrogenase component I) (Dinitrogenase)
mdyamtttveerkaankalidevlraypekmgkrrakhlssfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqqlfplnkgisiqtecpigligddieavskkkskeygghtvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdfvfdahsnkrlalestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentprsklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiagrfddaimenaekviakyrkvsdavtakykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevigtgyefahnddyqrtthylkdgtliyddvtgyeferfvdrvrpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdiaisspvwnlaktpwkdrt
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4301491..4302756),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msnylenprascalngalavasslnktisilhagpgcglqasigvksgylgggigcpssnmferevvfgglkrlketiegslevmegelylvftgctsgiigddvesvvqkfkeknvpiayvetsgfkgdsyyryeavftelvdqfaeesvkeeklvnlfgivpsqditwkgnieeitrilkslglkvntfftghqgidtikkssaaelniifspwllektsqiykerfgvdtfryaglpigptatsdfirklsehividkslienvikeeedyvfsyfedinamitryrfvivgdvntvlglsrflvndygqvpllsiitdsipevyrdgiekellnleyarkpkivyendkwkiselirglqeeatlilgssfekeigseldiftvtvsapstdslilnkayagyrgcltfledfynny
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pmc3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pmc3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkippeaelrfeqtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>mine_drainage_metagenome  coded_by=49088..50563,organism=mine drainage metagenome,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain (Nitrogenase component I) (Dinitrogenase), nifD
msitaeetreqivaetktrnralidevlkvypektakrrakhlnvfeegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiedlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsvrdyvfekqgaepkafektpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelentpmaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrymeekhgvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiasyfddhikegaerviekynrltaeviakyrprlegrtvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthdvkdgtliyddvtgyefekmvetiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwsltktpwe
>Mesorhizobium_metallidurans_STM_2683  coded_by=complement(23260..24762),organism=Mesorhizobium metallidurans STM 2683,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mtslsakiqdvfdepacdknrgkdakarkegcarlltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitnvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeayappavfvystcvtaligddigavckraaekfglavvpinapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlikplldrlgirvracipgdaryidiasahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygisdtsqalrnvaellvrkgadpeilecterliaqeeaiawkklkayrrrlqgkrvllntggvkswsvlhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhmfeqmaardlytmlsegkadimlsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwsqvrerapwdcehgvknqqpstknetatvhaaqefagttptisasveeir
>Leptolyngbya_sp._PCC_73110  coded_by=1..1485,organism=Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 73110,definition=NifD
mtppesvtleenaatavdpkelikdvleaypekgrkkrekhlnvyqegkpdcgvksnikslpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakksakeinkavvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifprtdkakkdgtidvdptqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinelintptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdeviakflprlqgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmrligtgyefghnddykrtthyiedgtliyddvsafefeefikemkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmalnsptwsligapwsk
>Chroococcidiopsis_thermalis_PCC_7203  coded_by=1..1485,organism=Chroococcidiopsis thermalis PCC 7203,definition=NifD
mtppesvtleenaatavdpkelikdvleaypekgrkkrekhlnvyqegkpdcgvksnikslpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakksakeinkavvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifprtdkakkdgtidvdptqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinelintptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdeviakflprlqgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmrligtgyefghnddykrtthyiedgtliyddvsafefeefikemkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmalnsptwsligapwsk
>Leptolyngbya_boryana_PCC_6306  coded_by=1..1485,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana PCC 6306,definition=NifD
mtppesvtleenaatavdpkelikdvleaypekgrkkrekhlnvyqegkpdcgvksnikslpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakksakeinkavvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifprtdkakkdgtidvdptqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinelintptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdeviakflprlqgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmrligtgyefghnddykrtthyiedgtliyddvsafefeefikemkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmalnsptwsligapwsk
>Leptolyngbya_boryana_IAM_M-101  coded_by=1817..3301,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana IAM M-101,definition=dinitrogenase alpha-subunit
mtppesvtleenaatavdpkelikdvleaypekgrkkrekhlnvyqegkpdcgvksnikslpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakksakeinkavvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifprtdkakkdgtidvdptqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinelintptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdeviakflprlqgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmrligtgyefghnddykrtthyiedgtliyddvsafefeefikemkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmalnsptwsligapwsk
>Leptolyngbya_boryana  coded_by=34289..35773,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha subunit
mtppesvtleenaatavdpkelikdvleaypekgrkkrekhlnvyqegkpdcgvksnikslpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakksakeinkavvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifprtdkakkdgtidvdptqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinelintptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdeviakflprlqgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmrligtgyefghnddykrtthyiedgtliyddvsafefeefikemkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmalnsptwsligapwsk
>Leptolyngbya_boryana  coded_by=complement(2480582..2482066),organism=Leptolyngbya boryana,definition=NIFD, Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppesvtleenaatavdpkelikdvleaypekgrkkrekhlnvyqegkpdcgvksnikslpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakksakeinkavvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifprtdkakkdgtidvdptqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinelintptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdeviakflprlqgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmrligtgyefghnddykrtthyiedgtliyddvsafefeefikemkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmalnsptwsligapwsk
>Leptolyngbya_boryana_IAM_M-101  coded_by=complement(2480582..2482066),organism=Leptolyngbya boryana IAM M-101,definition=NIFD, Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppesvtleenaatavdpkelikdvleaypekgrkkrekhlnvyqegkpdcgvksnikslpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakksakeinkavvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifprtdkakkdgtidvdptqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinelintptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdeviakflprlqgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmrligtgyefghnddykrtthyiedgtliyddvsafefeefikemkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmalnsptwsligapwsk
>Frankia_alni_ACN14a  coded_by=complement(7419136..7420596),organism=Frankia alni ACN14a,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain (Nitrogenase component I) (Dinitrogenase)
mtttpaperaeteamiaevlsqypkkaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyahghlgvdnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpkleqvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavakksskkldipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggdsfertdydvaligdyniggdawasrrileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerfgtpwtefnffgptkiissmrkiaeffddeikakteaaiaryqvrfdeitkafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtygmlkegtvlyddptafeleefakflkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainspawdlleapwskageva
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=complement(3762731..3764299),organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Nitrogenase
mprkrsptiptpwspedamsinlktpvvesreqrlgtiigwdgkasdlsresayargdgcggcgggkgkarrvceqrspfsqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrgavlvqhsplgcgagqviynsifrnglairglpvenlhlittnlqerdmvyggveklertirdaferhapkaifiatscataiigddiesvasaledefkipviplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgivrqivrknptrkqedlvnvinlwgsdifspmlaelglrvnyvvdlatvedlaqmseaaatvgfcytlstymaaaleqefgvpevkapmpygfagtdawlreiarvtgredkaeayiareharvkpelerlreklkgvkgfvstgsayahgliqvlrelgvevdgslvfhhdpvydsqdprqdslahlidnygdvthfsvgnrqqyqfygllkrvdpdfiiirhnglaplasrlgipaiplgdehiavgyqgminlgesildvlahrkfhhdiarhvrlpykdswlardpfdlarga
>Gloeothece_sp._KO68DGA  coded_by=17617..19032,organism=Gloeothece sp. KO68DGA,definition=NifE
mkltkgkinelltqpgcehnhnkegqgknksctqqaqpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgsiacsgnswnsrgslssgpmvykmgfttdlsendiifggekklykaiaevvkkynpaaifvyatcvtaligddldavckaatnkhgtpvipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggeallqhvvgtkepeyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkagirvlakitgdaryeevcaahraklnvmicskalinmasamqesygipyieesfygigdmnrclrniaeffgdealkarveeiieeettkldialapyreklkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkarikqllgqdgimlqkgnpeellrviektkadllvaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyigmvemarelneavhspiwrqvrkaapweiwqqehesllnleaef
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C5  coded_by=634526..635956,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C5,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpfclldvdkdipereqhvyikdskdtnghcqkcntttipgsmtergcafagvkgvitgaikdvlqivhspvgcsaygngttkryptnstmpdgstfpvenfnlkhivgtdltesdvvfggmnklkkviregakeypfvnaiyvyatcttgligddldavckemqaelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnytifsklvgtkeplettdydinligeynidgdywvlekyfdamgirvlskftgdachdelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpyikvdffgpeycaenlrtvgkffgkeieaeavikkemekiqpeldfyksklqgkkvwisaggpkswhlskpleeylgmdvvalsglfehedgyekmqerakdgtiiiddlntlemeevvekyhpeivlggikekyffhklgvssvmihsyengpyigfegfvnlakdiytaiynpawslmefedeepgdtne
>Thiorhodococcus_sp._AK35  coded_by=complement(70376..71728),organism=Thiorhodococcus sp. AK35,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
msskpkikellvesacehnkskkgscnaptpgattggcaldgaqialfpfadaahlihgpmscvggawetrltptswsgrdltqtgfatdinnndvvfsgekklaaaidhivanyapeavfvystcvpamtgddidavckqkseqhgtpcvpvhapgfvgaknlgsriageavlkhligtkepeettpfdinligehnntgelwryrhlleelgirvlstfsgdgriasirtahraklnvivcakslvsmtrkmqeqygipwiscsfygktdtsksilaiaealgdadliertraliareearleeklipyreifagkkavlntggnkawsiasalqdlgievvatsvrksteadkakareylgenailmtspatqqakviddtgahlllaggrslytaikkriaftdvnqekkksyggydgllvlaedlknslqnpvfelvdrkapwqq
>Desulfovibrio_fructosovorans_JJ  coded_by=complement(86976..88385),organism=Desulfovibrio fructosovorans JJ,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqaifeerrdqihrkgegpfelacnrdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqerdvifggekklktallelitrhkpnaafvyatcivgiigddvnavcrdvaattgipvipvqsegfkgnkregyaaackalftlagtgdtsdispmsvnilgdfnlageiwiireyfekmgvqvvanitgdgrvadvrrchgaglnivqcsgstmelakmmeekfgtpflrvsylgiedmadslyavadhfkhldpgivertqklvreelgvllpklkeyrkdlegkkaavyvggafkafslikafrhlgmkvvlvgsqtgtkedyeelasicdpgtvivddsnplelskfvkeldvdlfvggvkerpiahklgvgfcdhnherkealegfvgmlnfakevhasatspiwrfvprreamakaikeqetakraaggegi
>Methylobacterium_sp._4-46  coded_by=3944720..3946237,organism=Methylobacterium sp. 4-46,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalhekiiedvlaaypdkfakrrrkhlsvatpagaeetapaeetlltecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkviseieslfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavarkkkkeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekqdgeiafegtpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekyaipwmeynffgpsqiaaslrkiakhfgpeieekaeaviakyqplvdaviakygprlkgksvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeiagtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglfdapwkakpapafldaae
>Magnetospirillum_magneticum_AMB-1  coded_by=complement(1702403..1703860),organism=Magnetospirillum magneticum AMB-1,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleytndtaanqalikevldqypeksakkrarhlgtvkteengtptcgvksniksvpgvmtvrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpigcgqyswsqrrnyftgtvgidsfvtmqvtsdfqerdivfggdknlevmideldglfplnngisvlsecpigligddieavakkkakdigkkvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekgteeewatgpydvnliadyniggdawpsrklleeiglrvigswsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygmpwieynffgptqiaaslrkiaaafdetiqkkaeeviakyqplvdavtarfkprldgktvmlyvgglrprhtatayedlgmkivgsgyefahnddyqrtatylkegtliyddvsefelekfieqlrpdlvgsgikekystqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainapvwgklkapwkaa
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=complement(2448463..2449779),organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mpqvveqirhvcmlgafesvlaikravpiihagpgcgaklwttlgmqngcqgsgyvgghaipctnaseqevvfggsnrlrevisntfnvidgdlfvvmtgctsdivgddvgeitrkfqrqgkpivyiesggfkgsnleghelvidaiidqylkpakevekglvniwsvvpyqntfwsgdieqlkglissiglkpnvifgydggiealnkvpkaqfnllispwvglknvkkleekfgtpylhypalpigptetarflrtvaefsgisssvveeiiqrqeeryyyyleraadniletrllprrfvtiadsiyalgisrfltndlglipekqfitdgtpieyqnsvaaefenftdnivaetvftndggfveeelrkikfrsrplilgsgwervvskdikgyhlsvatpicdhmvlsksyvgydgglhltediysvvlddfq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DW10.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DW10.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpkgkprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=complement(4669638..4671095),organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgldieankklvedileaypdkakkdrkkhfqinteetkescscslksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkkleiicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmakelempvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgkadlaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkakmnlihchrsmnymvthmeqaygipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaakfdatiqencekviakykpqmdaiigkyrprlegkkvmlligglrsrhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyertfpemkegsiimddptayeleelaqklnidlmgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnnpvwnlidkkekvqtegasv
>Kosakonia_radicincitans_UMEnt01/12  coded_by=complement(144992..146563),organism=Kosakonia radicincitans UMEnt01/12,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefdcskciperkqhavvkgadeditsalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkekhivfgaekvlknniieafdahpdikrmtiyqtcasaligddiaaiaqevmderpevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtveptitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfgplaeslrkiglffgiedraqaiideeiarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihaemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcepgalaiddpnelesleamyklkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlaqldisqqaipvgqgfatarmlsdaglddairnnselreysggfdsvsklrqreypdfsadaarrqeav
>Kosakonia_radicincitans_DSM_16656  coded_by=26027..27598,organism=Kosakonia radicincitans DSM 16656,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhefdcskciperkqhavvkgadeditsalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkekhivfgaekvlknniieafdahpdikrmtiyqtcasaligddiaaiaqevmderpevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtveptitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfgplaeslrkiglffgiedraqaiideeiarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihaemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcepgalaiddpnelesleamyklkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlaqldisqqaipvgqgfatarmlsdaglddairnnselreysggfdsvsklrqreypdfsadaarrqeav
>Clostridium_cellulovorans_743B  coded_by=complement(4273522..4274928),organism=Clostridium cellulovorans 743B,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mslfngnklqgrekrlstlsayvgtahklvkeeedrqnirtfseatydeviyalkaildiedsvtvihgpagcstskihyfaegsksswyvtnlnerdtilggdeklretitlaykkhepkiifvlatavvainnddisavvleleeeletkivpiftdgfksktaingydvvlhaigkylvngnkedekenflnlisvsennrnlieillflkelgintntipkfsryedikkasrakvsialnddegyflgrgleehynvpyissvipigrkntekwlslvselfnvtdvarkiidkealnkrklieeaplsklkfyidlptsigislvslikelggdvigltvdevdeinkgkleglkydlpihvasgqtfevanilyklkpdiyigspyktswaaklgvipisigksalygfngdenlvklvksairgkeatdnnatllyeeqlpykeawlkkstnwyikqevk
>Azotobacter_chroococcum  coded_by=320..1741,organism=Azotobacter chroococcum,definition=Azotobacter chroococcum genes vnfD, vnfG and vnfK for vanadium nitrogenase subunits alpha, delta and beta
mpmvllecdkdiperqkhiylkapnedtreflpianaatipgtlsergcllrrklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleqrmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkerpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfsymaegirkicaffgieekgerliaeeyakwkpkldwykerlqgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgiqvvamsskfgheedfekviargkegtyyiddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyvnghgyhngpymgfegfvnlardtynavhnplrhlaavdirdssqttpvivrgaa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=3703797..3705443,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mfvriqdsfllnvmttlykeekfmpyhtfkcsecipergkhavdkgegedltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkeknivfgaekvlkqniieafkvfphikrmtiyqtcgtaligddieavtkqvkaempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkitigwvnqkvgtyepeitspyvinyigeyniqgdqeimqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeylanelrqrygtprldidgfgfkalgeslrkigiffgieeraqqiideeiarwkpeldwykerlkvkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceagalaiddpnelesleamrtlkpdciftgkrpgefakkvgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspvhklamvditkdeisnvnfetpgmlsdvnlseevksstvlrqytgkydnvssirsktiedypylkqakeaveskk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(4071937..4073583),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mfvriqdsfllnvmttlykeekfmpyhtfkcsecipergkhavdkgegedltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkeknivfgaekvlkqniieafkvfphikrmtiyqtcgtaligddieavtkqvkaempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkitigwvnqkvgtyepeitspyvinyigeyniqgdqeimqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeylanelrqrygtprldidgfgfkalgeslrkigiffgieeraqqiideeiarwkpeldwykerlkvkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceagalaiddpnelesleamrtlkpdciftgkrpgefakkvgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspvhklamvditkdeisnvnfetpgmlsdvnlseevksstvlrqytgkydnvssirsktiedypylkqakeaveskk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(4071729..4073375),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mfvriqdsfllnvmttlykeekfmpyhtfkcsecipergkhavdkgegedltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkeknivfgaekvlkqniieafkvfphikrmtiyqtcgtaligddieavtkqvkaempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkitigwvnqkvgtyepeitspyvinyigeyniqgdqeimqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeylanelrqrygtprldidgfgfkalgeslrkigiffgieeraqqiideeiarwkpeldwykerlkvkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceagalaiddpnelesleamrtlkpdciftgkrpgefakkvgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspvhklamvditkdeisnvnfetpgmlsdvnlseevksstvlrqytgkydnvssirsktiedypylkqakeaveskk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=338876..340522,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mfvriqdsfllnvmttlykeekfmpyhtfkcsecipergkhavdkgegedltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkeknivfgaekvlkqniieafkvfphikrmtiyqtcgtaligddieavtkqvkaempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkitigwvnqkvgtyepeitspyvinyigeyniqgdqeimqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeylanelrqrygtprldidgfgfkalgeslrkigiffgieeraqqiideeiarwkpeldwykerlkvkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceagalaiddpnelesleamrtlkpdciftgkrpgefakkvgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspvhklamvditkdeisnvnfetpgmlsdvnlseevksstvlrqytgkydnvssirsktiedypylkqakeaveskk
>Rhizobium_grahamii_CCGE_502  coded_by=complement(14564..16066),organism=Rhizobium grahamii CCGE 502,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha NifD
msldyendsdlhekligevlsqypdksakrrrkhlnvatsgdqpgqegkalsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdktevefeagpydinvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslreiakhfgpeiidkteaviakyrplvdaiidkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkkavppmavaae
>Raoultella_ornithinolytica  coded_by=3232958..3234331,organism=Raoultella ornithinolytica,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsmssgpninrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryrpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpeaspfapehrhdvgligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvarsleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaelalrpwreqlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmsvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmldegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyqgivtlarqicqtinspvwpqthsrapwh
>Dehalobacter_sp._UNSWDHB  coded_by=5664..7025,organism=Dehalobacter sp. UNSWDHB,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mdarksnpaieerkhsiltkgeqnqqlkcntdsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgadlfrfsfstdlqemdvifggegkltraiddlvekyhpplifvystcivgvigddleavckaaaqkhgievipvqssgfigsksagykaacdallrliqvpqgeeiqkgnainylgefnlagelwiiknylqrvgiklnvaltgdssyknlkkatkaylnivqcagsmnyiasqmkelydipylnisfigiedtsesirkiartfqdlemmrrteeliqaetaailpqiayyrsklqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfgelgidvvmvgtqtgrqeeydtinnlvskgtvimddtnpselerfimekeadllvggvkerplaykmgiafidhnhdrkhplsgyvgavnfarevyatvcspvwkyreqggep
>Dehalobacter_sp._DCA  coded_by=complement(2026839..2028200),organism=Dehalobacter sp. DCA,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mdarksnpaieerkhsiltkgeqnqqlkcntdsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgadlfrfsfstdlqemdvifggegkltraiddlvekyhpplifvystcivgvigddleavckaaaqkhgievipvqssgfigsksagykaacdallrliqvpqgeeiqkgnainylgefnlagelwiiknylqrvgiklnvaltgdssyknlkkatkaylnivqcagsmnyiasqmkelydipylnisfigiedtsesirkiartfqdlemmrrteeliqaetaailpqiayyrsklqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfgelgidvvmvgtqtgrqeeydtinnlvskgtvimddtnpselerfimekeadllvggvkerplaykmgiafidhnhdrkhplsgyvgavnfarevyatvcspvwkyreqggep
>Dehalobacter_sp._CF  coded_by=complement(2056620..2057981),organism=Dehalobacter sp. CF,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mdarksnpaieerkhsiltkgeqnqqlkcntdsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgadlfrfsfstdlqemdvifggegkltraiddlvekyhpplifvystcivgvigddleavckaaaqkhgievipvqssgfigsksagykaacdallrliqvpqgeeiqkgnainylgefnlagelwiiknylqrvgiklnvaltgdssyknlkkatkaylnivqcagsmnyiasqmkelydipylnisfigiedtsesirkiartfqdlemmrrteeliqaetaailpqiayyrsklqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfgelgidvvmvgtqtgrqeeydtinnlvskgtvimddtnpselerfimekeadllvggvkerplaykmgiafidhnhdrkhplsgyvgavnfarevyatvcspvwkyreqggep
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Novosphingobium_nitrogenifigens_DSM_19370  coded_by=55273..56712,organism=Novosphingobium nitrogenifigens DSM 19370,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslnqtvqdvfnepgcdknqaksekerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgakssgsmlyrtgfttdmnendivfggekrlfkamreikakydppaifvyqtcvpamigddieavckaasaklgtpcipilspgfvgpknlgnklageallkhvigtvepeqttpydiniigeynlagelwqvkplldelgirilscisgdaryrevawshraraammvcskaminvarkmeeryaipffegsfygigdmsdslrqiarlliergadpelsdrteaviareearawaaiepyrrrlggkrvllitggvkswsvvsalqeagmevvgtsvkkstdedkdkikeimgadahmiddmppremyrmlkgseadimlsggrsqfvalkatmpwmdinqerheafagyhgmvamvreidrtlsnpmweqvrapapwdedapdwqslalaeapsseaa
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2748030..2749499,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein VnfE-related oxidoreductase subunit
mavhlnnsesgtrenrlgsitayhgtlrdlntrsgcgslvdkgrcysqaslcnaacalsqlsfitdaavvhhapagcavtamqvcnakdqlaeslgldnsrsgyvctdmndsdvifgatenlkdvvretwsrykpsaifigascvsgiigedlestaaelmeelpvpvapvhcegfktkiwasgfdgayhailthvvkppqkktntvnvinffgsarkqiteifanfgveplfltsnttidqlsrlgeaaatistcgtlgtylgagleekygvpyvkslqphgiagfeswlrglgealgkeaeveafldkerslylpridairaklkglravvgmgpgfnfntsravqelgieiahaaawhfdkqyddgnapdaftyqvehsptdyslsvndlqnhellnilqrekpdiffsrhagstvwamklgipaicvydeyaifgyrgllnfassihdvvtnrsftdnlagrvrlpytdwwfrqrtdhfyskeng
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(2582..3910),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mskiieqprfscalgaqqtviaikrgvpilhsgpgcsnkissligqgegyaggntipctnatesdvvfggegklknviegafqvidadlyvvltgctsdivgddvgsvttkyqqqdkpivyvetggfksnnyvshsavvnaivdqyvdkfkdengakkglvnvfatvpyqdpywsgnleeikrvlegiglevnilfgnesngveewktipnaefnivasswvgleiaehlkvkyktpyvhfpylpigaiatskflrqvgefgnldknkvenfikkeeekfyfhiektadfmlefryglprrfysildasyslgfskfllnelgilpgkqfivddtpeqyketiikefenisefrraevefnvdagavqleietekekefqegralllgsgwdrdlaakinadllitsvpvtyrlvlncgyagysgglraiediydrvlntyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR512  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR512,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitpgreakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR470  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR470,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitpgreakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Rhodomicrobium_udaipurense_JA643  coded_by=complement(419..2095),organism=Rhodomicrobium udaipurense JA643,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mstvankiqdvfnepgcdinqgksqkerkkgcskalqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhssssgsqlyrmsfttdmseqdvifggekrlwksikeivekyappavfvyqtcvpamigddidavckkaskkfgtpcipvqapgfvgskslgnklggealldhvigteepdyttpydiniigeynlvgelwqvkplldelgirilasisgdaryhevarshrakaammvcsraminvarkmeerygipffegsfygigdmsdtlrqmaallvkqgapddilarteaviereekkawasiatfrerllgkrvllitggvkswsmvaalqeggmeiagtsvkkstkedkekikeimgqdahmiedmkpremyamlkgakadimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhyayagyvgmvelvrqidkalsnpvwqqvrtaapwdevswetradeanaaeaailaanaeakakadrakilcncngvetgfvediirankltraedvaayvkigtgckscaphldallerindadvvpansnkaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._19.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 19.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvhexgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkxtklidelqelfplxrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptxydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gvg6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gvg6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpqgkprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A110  coded_by=<1..>753,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A110,definition=NifD
vheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisr
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=complement(5482067..5483530),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msrladkiqdvfnepgcaanqaksdkqrkkgcskplqpggaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgtkssgsklyrtgfttdmgendvifggekrlfrsireiiekydppavfvyqtcvpammgddivavckvasekfgkpcvpiispgfvgpknlgnklageamldyvigtqepefttpydiniigeynvagelwqvkplldelgirilsclsgdaryhevaqshraraammvcstaminvarkmeerygipyfegsfygisdtseslrqiarlliargapdelmartealiareeakawaaikaytprlegkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeaglsivgtsvkkstkedklrlkemspdvhqiddlrpremykmlkdaqadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqertyaycgyvgivemvrqidkslsnpiwaqvrsappwdevtweqradaanaaddrqraifgrsarva
>'Nostoc_azollae'_0708  coded_by=complement(1421282..1422649),organism='Nostoc azollae' 0708,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkitqgkinellsesgckdnqhkqgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpmlyktgfttdisendvifggekklykailevnerykpaaifvyatcvtaligddidavckvaaekvgtpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggealleyvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlskitgdaryeeircahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerygipyieesfygindinhclrtvaaklgslnlqarteklitdetaaldialapyreslrgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaskdlgievvatstrksteedkskikkllgndgimlekgnaqellklvretkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagymgmvemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwe
>Methanobacterium_paludis  coded_by=1106928..1108286,organism=Methanobacterium paludis,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mteneskteqktyiqgnpsehtleapryscslagaygttlgirggvpilhsgagcgigqlfgtlyaggqgaggneggtstpcsclveehvifggekklrnliqstteifngelfvvisgcvpsligddvdavvnefrdkvpivhvnapgfsgnsyegyelffeaiidqlltekpkekklvnifgvvpynhvfwkgelptvkkllesigveaniifteenglsniqkipaaeynivlspwnghravkkleekfgtpfitfpgvpvgakqtgeflrtvaekldvpsdeveevikkeeswtyrymeypgdaiilvrphsyfavaadsntaisltkfltneigylpdivqltdnppeeyregivreildnidtvvkpeiifesdtykirknledrpfqflfsssleaptamedfgalhvtsafpvfnksilvhnyagyegglrlvedvvstfvgpl
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=complement(209392..210192),organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1 protein
mtppenknivderkelikevlqaypekaakkrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqelevlfplsrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandqirdwvfpradqakkdgtlpfdstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleelglrvvaqwsgedav
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlshysdkaakrrkkhlsvskkkreiaeegqvvsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkletiideievlfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktelkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavtdkywqrlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwktvtmpaaagaae
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7107  coded_by=3900406..3901845,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7107,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mntqkkvnellnesgcehnqqkkgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykmgfttdmtendvifggekklykaileihqrynpkavfvyatcvtaligddinavckaaaekigtpvvpviapgfigsknlgnrfggealldyvvgtaepefttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlskitgdaryeeiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeeqygipyieesfygiddinrclrnvaaklgdpdlqarteqliaeetaaldialapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikrligtegmmlekgnaqellqlvrntnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagymgmlemarelyealyspiweqirrpapwdevagtlnnfslsaedmfsasieevf
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=1..1452,organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Sulfurospirillum_multivorans_DSM_12446  coded_by=complement(1595896..1597224),organism=Sulfurospirillum multivorans DSM 12446,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msryqsikelfnesscshnadtekkvtcerlspgtmiggcsfegaiqallpfknaahlihspstcpqvtylfqdapssifttqmdahdlifggedklsssityiythihpdvifiyltcvssligedieriintqqetlgipiilinaagfmggvpfgariagvtlmqqlmgqkepfdalaydinligfnaslnemnayktllesigfrihwmfgggedveqtqkahcaklnvligakpmgslarkmkeawdipwvevsfygrhatsdairsivetfadgkltriseqfiareekslnqalescrtvlkdkvalldlkgkyswqfipmlkelnvriaataiyqctqddsekvfellkgqgmvirdsyeeleeiideeavdillcdvhhyhaaaaskiafmevspvlqtsfigyagvlsfaheliqtledpffttvfqkapwe
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR345  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR345,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqglfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Martelella_endophytica  coded_by=3407145..3408548,organism=Martelella endophytica,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkrseiaellnepacehnaksksgcsrpkpgaasggccfdgaqitllpiadvvhlvhgsiacagsswdnrgsrssgstlykrgfttdlteqdvimgrsekrlflaikqavdehapaavfvyntcvpaligddlealckaaatrwgvpvvpvdaagfygsknlgnrlageamvkyvigtrepepvpdhlqragitvhdialigeyniagelwhvmplldelglrvlgslsgdarfadvqtmhrsevnmmvcakallnvarklkasygtlwfegsfygirdmgqalrdiashigdpgltartealiareetrvhaglvpyrrrlkgkrallytggvkawsivsalqdlgmdvvatstrksteddkakiralmgentrmleesqgaralidmvnetgtdvliaggrnmytalkaripfvhinqerehayagyqgmitfaeqiaqtidcpiwravrapapwdieqpaiaae
>Clostridium_sp._IBUN13A  coded_by=complement(8180..9769),organism=Clostridium sp. IBUN13A,definition=hypothetical protein
mskidsvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsnqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkdpekfkiyrteeeieelkkeiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktqsvlegklggee
>Clostridium_sp._IBUN125C  coded_by=189142..190731,organism=Clostridium sp. IBUN125C,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mskidsvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsnqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkdpekfkiyrteeeieelkkeiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktqsvlegklggee
>Clostridium_sp._IBUN22A  coded_by=complement(11124..12713),organism=Clostridium sp. IBUN22A,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mskidsvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsnqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkdpekfkiyrteeeieelkkeiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktqsvlegklggee
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._mimosae_str._Mim1  coded_by=complement(330953..332437),organism=Rhizobium etli bv. mimosae str. Mim1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslkakiqdvfeepaceknrskdpkarkngcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakvvlqpvtdvahlihgplgcegnswdnrgsassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgngerklfkaireikeayappaifvystcvtaltgddieavcnraaekfclpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepndvtaydiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmeerwgipffegsfygisdtsealrqiakllvtkgaepeilertealieeeeavawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmevgmeivgtsikkstpedkerikqllkdenhvfetmaprelynmladdkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwtevrepapwecqpetegvpssqietdtfrpasppsspvpvtsir
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L48C026A00  coded_by=complement(66912..68414),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L48C026A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageenevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleliideieelfplnkgmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeaspydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvanwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hambi2979  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hambi2979,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdwgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=complement(4659..6188),organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1 protein
mptnmdanvvfyghlselyqlakegkiqttlqgshtrpckfwtatkilsgikdaivishgpsgcaygvkraykltnsrnsgspyeavvttnmsekavifggekelrgairevdqkyhpdaivvatscasgiigdcvddvvnkarseidaeimtihcegfageyrsgfdivfrqivdfmepptperqaqladsvnivgakmgpertevegdvkelkrlikgmgarvhsviagdctldelkqapsaavnctlcldlgytigramydkfgtplnstilpygisatekwlqgaakylgmeaqaaalmereyaaiktefeeakqyiegklaiieghdaikclsiahmlerdfgmraviynfhpwstearetsvdylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedellefiggldadsvvyfgsslsfphipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalrvakciktalqygfrprssltkqmvfpknsglasaqsltgklaqdlpdctvyggkkrgkcfne
>Teredinibacter_turnerae_T7901  coded_by=1598306..1599787,organism=Teredinibacter turnerae T7901,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msemsreevealisevlevypekakknrekhlspndtsleqskkcitsnkkslpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttginafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideietlfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavakskqkehgktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsvrdwvlgardednsfeqtdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaeslrkiaaqfdesiqakceevlakyqpewqsvidkfrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlqemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkkvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwhklaapwkksdttteelaata
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._K  coded_by=3602709..3604160,organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. K,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maddvkvktvegitrestqamidealalypekgrkkraphlapndptacstcvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmahvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgrngvsqfamqmtsdfqekdivyggdkklavllkevkelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakkmsaeldlpvvpcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdyvietrtftepagpydvaligdyniggdvwsaralleeiglnvkatwtgdgeleriaathqvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgpthiagslrkiaerfddriqenvekviarhevemkqvvdtyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtvgayedlgmqvvgsgyefahsddydrtqpempdatviyddaseaelehfvsrlkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhayqgfpvfardidmainsptwklvkapf
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=<1..>1086,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgdtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavarakseelgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwifektepkegfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekfgipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddtikenaekviakyqpmvdaviakfkprlegkkvmiyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtqhyvkegtliyddvtafelekfvevmrpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmglpf
>Candidatus_Sulfuricurvum_sp._RIFRC-1  coded_by=complement(1401090..1402448),organism=Candidatus Sulfuricurvum sp. RIFRC-1,definition=nitrogenase mofe cofactor biosynthesis protein nife
mvsrakikelmnesacshskdkkpgegcdkpkpglaaggcafdgaqislfpyadavhlvhgpqtclgsswetretktsyngmdhtqmgfttgintndvifggdkrlgesidyimehykpeaifvystcvtalmgddidmtcklgaekhgvpvvpvhaagfvgsknlgsrlageavlehligtkepefttpydinligdynvtgdmwqylplfekigirvlssmsgdgrvgdirtahraklnvivcakslitltrkmqeqygipwisvsfygkrdttfaireivnalgdpeliaraeaviaeaeaelelalepyramfagkkavlntggnkawsiasglqdlgievvatsvakstqddidkareylgengvlmtkpaseqgkiidstgahillaggrslytaikkkisfidvnqekktsyggyggllnlaedlkyafrnpvfanvgkpapwem
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=13306..14772,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlnisevairenrlgsvtgyqgsikelaaqasscslknkercfsqssacssgcaqgylsrivdaaivvhapigcaadsvysntqnkwgekvrnwkhrninvintnmveedtvfgavvklkeavreayrrfnpkaifvttscvsgiigeditsvldeleeeipiplapvfcegfkskiwasgfdaafhailtkivkppqrktnkvnminfsgsarkqivetlarfglepvfvapystveelskmsesaatisicgtlgsyigngleehygvpyvktlqphgivgmdswlrglgavtgkedeveayireekekiasdlveireklqghtavvgmgpsfghnyirtiqelgikviwgatwhfdpqydngktpastellasqevdipvsvgdqqnyellnllnrlkpdlyvarhggstvwatklgipsvmvadefsafgyqglidfgyrlsdaltnrslaknlssrvkmpytdwwmaqdsfiflenevv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=22285..23751,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlnisevairenrlgsvtgyqgsikelaaqasscslknkercfsqssacssgcaqgylsrivdaaivvhapigcaadsvysntqnkwgekvrnwkhrninvintnmveedtvfgavvklkeavreayrrfnpkaifvttscvsgiigeditsvldeleeeipiplapvfcegfkskiwasgfdaafhailtkivkppqrktnkvnminfsgsarkqivetlarfglepvfvapystveelskmsesaatisicgtlgsyigngleehygvpyvktlqphgivgmdswlrglgavtgkedeveayireekekiasdlveireklqghtavvgmgpsfghnyirtiqelgikviwgatwhfdpqydngktpastellasqevdipvsvgdqqnyellnllnrlkpdlyvarhggstvwatklgipsvmvadefsafgyqglidfgyrlsdaltnrslaknlssrvkmpytdwwmaqdsfiflenevv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(3451..4917),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlnisevairenrlgsvtgyqgsikelaaqasscslknkercfsqssacssgcaqgylsrivdaaivvhapigcaadsvysntqnkwgekvrnwkhrninvintnmveedtvfgavvklkeavreayrrfnpkaifvttscvsgiigeditsvldeleeeipiplapvfcegfkskiwasgfdaafhailtkivkppqrktnkvnminfsgsarkqivetlarfglepvfvapystveelskmsesaatisicgtlgsyigngleehygvpyvktlqphgivgmdswlrglgavtgkedeveayireekekiasdlveireklqghtavvgmgpsfghnyirtiqelgikviwgatwhfdpqydngktpastellasqevdipvsvgdqqnyellnllnrlkpdlyvarhggstvwatklgipsvmvadefsafgyqglidfgyrlsdaltnrslaknlssrvkmpytdwwmaqdsfiflenevv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(132408..133874),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlnisevairenrlgsvtgyqgsikelaaqasscslknkercfsqssacssgcaqgylsrivdaaivvhapigcaadsvysntqnkwgekvrnwkhrninvintnmveedtvfgavvklkeavreayrrfnpkaifvttscvsgiigeditsvldeleeeipiplapvfcegfkskiwasgfdaafhailtkivkppqrktnkvnminfsgsarkqivetlarfglepvfvapystveelskmsesaatisicgtlgsyigngleehygvpyvktlqphgivgmdswlrglgavtgkedeveayireekekiasdlveireklqghtavvgmgpsfghnyirtiqelgikviwgatwhfdpqydngktpastellasqevdipvsvgdqqnyellnllnrlkpdlyvarhggstvwatklgipsvmvadefsafgyqglidfgyrlsdaltnrslaknlssrvkmpytdwwmaqdsfiflenevv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=112983..114449,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlnisevairenrlgsvtgyqgsikelaaqasscslknkercfsqssacssgcaqgylsrivdaaivvhapigcaadsvysntqnkwgekvrnwkhrninvintnmveedtvfgavvklkeavreayrrfnpkaifvttscvsgiigeditsvldeleeeipiplapvfcegfkskiwasgfdaafhailtkivkppqrktnkvnminfsgsarkqivetlarfglepvfvapystveelskmsesaatisicgtlgsyigngleehygvpyvktlqphgivgmdswlrglgavtgkedeveayireekekiasdlveireklqghtavvgmgpsfghnyirtiqelgikviwgatwhfdpqydngktpastellasqevdipvsvgdqqnyellnllnrlkpdlyvarhggstvwatklgipsvmvadefsafgyqglidfgyrlsdaltnrslaknlssrvkmpytdwwmaqdsfiflenevv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS28_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS28_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklideleelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS22_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS22_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklideleelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS8_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS8_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklideleelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS10_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS10_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklideleelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS6_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS6_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklideleelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus  coded_by=484..1983,organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
msldedktndsafharliaevleaypdkarkrrqkhlnvaghaeadaqdtgeegamlsecdvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigntgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideidelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkkkeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdgedkhaafettpydvnvigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwteynffgpsqiaaslrkiaalfdekiqegaerviakyqplvdaviekfrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvnayndldmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwslfkapwknaa
>Leptospirillum_ferriphilum  coded_by=978..2408,organism=Leptospirillum ferriphilum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain 1
msnnieeakkiieevlqiypektrkkrakhlgvfeegqsdcnvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideierlfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavskkkskehddktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkktgkeiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsieelvntpkvklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiaeslrkiadffddrirenaekviakyealtratiekyrprldgktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtviyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwemakapf
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2805672..2807171),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
minlkantcptredrgnginsffgkaseltkqmregglqnkersfqqssgcllnffltqrimtirdsvmivhgpvgcsvvglgyreifrkvpvglgrpenydfhwlttnlqerdaiygagdklkqavrdaqerydpqaifvlasctsgiigediegivsevqpevkakivpihcegiksklvqtgydafwhgvlkylvkkpakkqkdlvnvasmlsytwqdrmeitrllgklglrpnfipefatveqfeilseaavtapicssftdylsrgleqeygvlyflypspigvehtdewlkniayytgkekevkkliaeehdtwlpkleiirnefeklekdgkkidvlgslgqgrmltqvpffneigvktsaaicldfdnlvvdetdklieevgdfdilvntfqasevahhtrrydpdialtcpfqgnaykrekgatrihsargdarewsaqagykgaiasgnfllqstrnrsfqqtmlektpdvynewwynqpdplyftkev
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=55537..56967,organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mknsqeeinnllnnttcehkqvtsnnnkkptckkppqpgaaqgncpfegamvalgpitdvahlvhgpvsctrnpwgsrgslssgsklyqigfstdlseqdivfggekklyqsileiakryhpaaifvyatcvtaligddidsickaaedetdipvihinapgfigsknlgnriggdallkyvvgtaspefttpfdiniigdynvageiwnvlplfkslgirvlskitgdaryeeichahraklnvvicsnvslkiaqkmqelygipyieesfygvenmsrclrniaealgkllgdssatryllerterlitkktaaldialapyrsrlegkrivlysggvkswsiilaakdlgmevvatsdrkstedekikikqllgqdglvlskgspkallqvlqdtkadmlvagasnqytalkaripfldinherhhayagydgmvemarelykalyspvwqqirnpapweqkigdlaeditln
>Prosthecomicrobium_hirschii  coded_by=complement(1174007..1175509),organism=Prosthecomicrobium hirschii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgafnekviaevlsqypdkfakrrrkhlsvakaagedeehgeikhltecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklekvideietlfplangisvqsecpigligddieavskkkakehdttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkesawetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkarlnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvswmeynffgpsqieasmrkiakhfgpeieakteaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeiagtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglfdapwetpetfavaae
>Thermoplasmatales_archaeon_BRNA1  coded_by=complement(1041030..1043126),organism=Thermoplasmatales archaeon BRNA1,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
mkqiaiygkggigkstvsanisyqlskkgfkvaqvgcdpkhdstrlllngksqttvldhinsgsedigdtvsigkngvvcietggpepgvgcagrgiltafnfiennnvvdkdtdiilydvlgdvvcggfavplrrkyadavfivtsgefmslyaannvlkgirnfdndksrvaglilncrgnegeyeyvknfadavglpivariprsrkfyeaesegvtvsekypdseeysaigqivsiiqgindasgklypavplndddldcvakgipvvrdscrtlparklalnerdalrgcgaalavgycmtiydadvvvhapkschyfftsgcdsglvylnkskkirnvsnrifctdltdyssifggakelgsiiesriaagtktvfvvttcvpgiigddvggicrriqekhpgtfivpvevdgilsggymqarevtirsickvvdrsvkpekgavnligyyesidkairsaddtdrileglglrvnckafdentfdeirnlrkgglnlmagfsvsnrmtcqqlekelgipwypdpmpvglaeskdwiesfgkhmgvpdgvrsdliaslsedfegfreeyggrfkglravlyvpsatninwlfeimevlgaeitdifcpinsrwnlsdeihfensgihiesnvdfdmllerlerirpdmvlgssqmlsrleyphfnfgtphpgvrpamecgkrivrmmevsri
>Phaeospirillum_fulvum_MGU-K5  coded_by=76881..78266,organism=Phaeospirillum fulvum MGU-K5,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkaddiqallnepacthnaksksgcarprpgatqggccfdgarnallpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdnrgtrssgtdlyrigmttdlsemdvimghgerrlfrairqaietyspaavfvyatcvpalhgddyaavskeaserfgipvipvdaagfygnknlgnriagdvvykhvigtrepdpvpeaarrpgitphdinligewnvggefwsiaplldelslrvlccftgdsrfrevqtmhraeanmvvcskamlhvarrlnedwsvpyfegsfygirdtsdalrgfaallndpdlaarteaviareearvklalaplrarlagkralvftggykswsivsamqdlgmvvvatgteksteedkariralmgddaemiadndqhalidsfhrcradilvagdryiyptlksrlpfldidhvrrigyagydgmielarnldrslaspvwaqvrapapwatdaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS13_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS13_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgfdtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapepsskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_C2J  coded_by=4149439..4150941,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae C2J,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
mffgnlselyqlakegkintklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgiknavviahgpsgcafgvkqtykltncrnsgspyeavittninekavvyggerelkgsilevdskykpdiifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnrvrpkinakimavhcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmgkpdsesraalassvnivggkmgperteidtdvkelrrliegmganvnaiiagncsleeirrapgvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfdtplnstilpygisaterwlreaakylhmeaeaetlikreyeairvefeeakkhlagklaiveghdaikalsiahmlerdfdmrvviynfhpwstearetsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamlqtenelleylgdmspertvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvmkkmvfpensglcsaqsltpklaqelpdctiyagkgrgkcmms
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=1070749..1071858,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mestieeayyrfkpnaifittscasgiigddvdtiaqeaenkfnipvvyvscegfrskiwttgfdaayhaiirkivkppikkrkdtinvinfwgtdiftdlfgriglipnyivpfstidqlqkiseaaatvqicptlgtylaasleqeygvpevktppaygiegtdawfrelgritgkekeveeliksekeriypelerlreklkgkrvyitagaahghsimyilrdlgveivgasifhhdpcydnrddkgksldhlvetygdikhfnvcnkqsyelinslnrlkpdvfvarhggmaiwgaklgiptflmdneqfglgyqgllnygnkvldvletpefikniaahtklaytdwwlnqkpdtflevnkhe
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=1070875..1071984,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifD6
mestieeayyrfkpnaifittscasgiigddvdtiaqeaenkfnipvvyvscegfrskiwttgfdaayhaiirkivkppikkrkdtinvinfwgtdiftdlfgriglipnyivpfstidqlqkiseaaatvqicptlgtylaasleqeygvpevktppaygiegtdawfrelgritgkekeveeliksekeriypelerlreklkgkrvyitagaahghsimyilrdlgveivgasifhhdpcydnrddkgksldhlvetygdikhfnvcnkqsyelinslnrlkpdvfvarhggmaiwgaklgiptflmdneqfglgyqgllnygnkvldvletpefikniaahtklaytdwwlnqkpdtflevnkhe
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=6244..7794,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mskktinlnltevenremrlgtitawdgsatelwkesnyelrskrkhgdcekqkacrlcelnsplnqqtmcanaivecqignitdciliqhapigcsadnpwfnlafnmglgrrnkppqnlqiystnllendmvfgasdklkqtirdvkerlnpraifismscataiigedidsiaaemeeeigitviplhcegfrskhwstgfdvsqhgvlrqivkrepkkqkdlinivalwgtdyfteilkplglkvnymidmasydelaqaseaavtatfchtlgsymataleehfgvpqvdapqpygiagtdawlraigkivgkeketeeyiksehervfpkiqelrnkfkgikgfvmtgssyahslisvlrelgievdgsvvfhhdpvydgghenqdtlqelissygdipnftvsktqafqlnalfkrvktdfviirhqglapeaaklgipslamgdehfpvgydgiirtgevlldilarkkfnevlsrhvnspynewwlsqddpfllarhpevlnervkl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=45734..47059,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mmseliqeprhfcalgaqqtvisieraipilhagpgcsaklsaamstcggyqgtryaggdaipcsnmlekdvvfgaenklkkliestlkimdgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgdvvrgfqkegvpivyaetagfkgdaykghelvlesiinqylkeekekvkglvnvfasvpihdpfwegdlneikrllesiglkpnilfgydsggieaiddipkaefnivispwigvkiakllekkfkipylhypvlpigavetskflnkvadyadinkeivnkviekkeneyyhyltrladflvefrfdlpkrfftindsayslamtrflvndlgllpehqfitedvpevfknkireyfkdiapdifseitfsqdggiinsqlkkfhvnksplilgsswdvdiaseigatnisvglpvvdrtilqrnyvgytgglnliediynkilskhn
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3660420..3661745),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta subunit
mmseliqeprhfcalgaqqtvisieraipilhagpgcsaklsaamstcggyqgtryaggdaipcsnmlekdvvfgaenklkkliestlkimdgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgdvvrgfqkegvpivyaetagfkgdaykghelvlesiinqylkeekekvkglvnvfasvpihdpfwegdlneikrllesiglkpnilfgydsggieaiddipkaefnivispwigvkiakllekkfkipylhypvlpigavetskflnkvadyadinkeivnkviekkeneyyhyltrladflvefrfdlpkrfftindsayslamtrflvndlgllpehqfitedvpevfknkireyfkdiapdifseitfsqdggiinsqlkkfhvnksplilgsswdvdiaseigatnisvglpvvdrtilqrnyvgytgglnliediynkilskhn
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3660212..3661537),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta subunit
mmseliqeprhfcalgaqqtvisieraipilhagpgcsaklsaamstcggyqgtryaggdaipcsnmlekdvvfgaenklkkliestlkimdgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgdvvrgfqkegvpivyaetagfkgdaykghelvlesiinqylkeekekvkglvnvfasvpihdpfwegdlneikrllesiglkpnilfgydsggieaiddipkaefnivispwigvkiakllekkfkipylhypvlpigavetskflnkvadyadinkeivnkviekkeneyyhyltrladflvefrfdlpkrfftindsayslamtrflvndlgllpehqfitedvpevfknkireyfkdiapdifseitfsqdggiinsqlkkfhvnksplilgsswdvdiaseigatnisvglpvvdrtilqrnyvgytgglnliediynkilskhn
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=<1..>1032,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfhetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelgmpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslrkiaalfdetiqencekmiakykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmleegaivmddptayeleelremnidlvgsg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=198692..200164,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
mainlnlpeldirdkrlgaiisykgsaqdiyeksldrsikpqersfsqcgacssscafgivsniigsvvinhapigcasdfataqnnirrgsalrgidvgnfkaistnleekdtiyggsgklreavllakerfnpkvifvtascasgiigedlesltdnlsketginvvpvycegfkskvwttgfdasghailrkivkksdkktnyiniinfqgahvfddllgkldlkprylfpfstieeienisdavatanicetlasyvaaalesefdvpevrapvptgikwtdewlreigrmtnkeerveevikeehekikpkldylrtklkgkkiyimagdaivqsyvsvadslglevigavafhhdqaydndyqelntvgnmlkhigdvenycvtnkqpyqftnilkefkpdfvlvrhpgiavvinklgipafhladpnmiigydgvialgekvyeairtqkyvqtlakhfespytdwwskqdsftfakggkqlg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3107563..3109035),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mainlnlpeldirdkrlgaiisykgsaqdiyeksldrsikpqersfsqcgacssscafgivsniigsvvinhapigcasdfataqnnirrgsalrgidvgnfkaistnleekdtiyggsgklreavllakerfnpkvifvtascasgiigedlesltdnlsketginvvpvycegfkskvwttgfdasghailrkivkksdkktnyiniinfqgahvfddllgkldlkprylfpfstieeienisdavatanicetlasyvaaalesefdvpevrapvptgikwtdewlreigrmtnkeerveevikeehekikpkldylrtklkgkkiyimagdaivqsyvsvadslglevigavafhhdqaydndyqelntvgnmlkhigdvenycvtnkqpyqftnilkefkpdfvlvrhpgiavvinklgipafhladpnmiigydgvialgekvyeairtqkyvqtlakhfespytdwwskqdsftfakggkqlg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=316250..317722,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mainlnlpeldirdkrlgaiisykgsaqdiyeksldrsikpqersfsqcgacssscafgivsniigsvvinhapigcasdfataqnnirrgsalrgidvgnfkaistnleekdtiyggsgklreavllakerfnpkvifvtascasgiigedlesltdnlsketginvvpvycegfkskvwttgfdasghailrkivkksdkktnyiniinfqgahvfddllgkldlkprylfpfstieeienisdavatanicetlasyvaaalesefdvpevrapvptgikwtdewlreigrmtnkeerveevikeehekikpkldylrtklkgkkiyimagdaivqsyvsvadslglevigavafhhdqaydndyqelntvgnmlkhigdvenycvtnkqpyqftnilkefkpdfvlvrhpgiavvinklgipafhladpnmiigydgvialgekvyeairtqkyvqtlakhfespytdwwskqdsftfakggkqlg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=316250..317722,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mainlnlpeldirdkrlgaiisykgsaqdiyeksldrsikpqersfsqcgacssscafgivsniigsvvinhapigcasdfataqnnirrgsalrgidvgnfkaistnleekdtiyggsgklreavllakerfnpkvifvtascasgiigedlesltdnlsketginvvpvycegfkskvwttgfdasghailrkivkksdkktnyiniinfqgahvfddllgkldlkprylfpfstieeienisdavatanicetlasyvaaalesefdvpevrapvptgikwtdewlreigrmtnkeerveevikeehekikpkldylrtklkgkkiyimagdaivqsyvsvadslglevigavafhhdqaydndyqelntvgnmlkhigdvenycvtnkqpyqftnilkefkpdfvlvrhpgiavvinklgipafhladpnmiigydgvialgekvyeairtqkyvqtlakhfespytdwwskqdsftfakggkqlg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(384180..385652),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mainlnlpeldirdkrlgaiisykgsaqdiyeksldrsikpqersfsqcgacssscafgivsniigsvvinhapigcasdfataqnnirrgsalrgidvgnfkaistnleekdtiyggsgklreavllakerfnpkvifvtascasgiigedlesltdnlsketginvvpvycegfkskvwttgfdasghailrkivkksdkktnyiniinfqgahvfddllgkldlkprylfpfstieeienisdavatanicetlasyvaaalesefdvpevrapvptgikwtdewlreigrmtnkeerveevikeehekikpkldylrtklkgkkiyimagdaivqsyvsvadslglevigavafhhdqaydndyqelntvgnmlkhigdvenycvtnkqpyqftnilkefkpdfvlvrhpgiavvinklgipafhladpnmiigydgvialgekvyeairtqkyvqtlakhfespytdwwskqdsftfakggkqlg
>Heliobacillus_mobilis  coded_by=18379..19965,organism=Heliobacillus mobilis,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase subunit B BchB
mggsgvagmklaywmyegtalsgitrvagsmqkvhtvihgpqgdgyvnvmysmlerfhtippftlstigrremaqgsrarlvetvrrvdaqhqpdvivitptcsstllqedllavartlgkqtkaklivpnvnafrdlehramddfltqivaefateqpkteqfsvnligpsylgfhqlhdmqeirsmleslgvavnavipygasiktlqeltkahlniclyheygqsacellkekfgidyivatpigirltsqfvkaigeraglpvesyirqnlapsgtiarftksvdslsalfgkravvfgdyshavgmthllreigvrvvwagtymktmekafqasiggladevfvcddfqeishkirdthpdivlgtqmerhsaarfnfpcivisspahilnfplfpapvlgyqgmtrmldtinstiklgleehlvnmfgedspgmgeedtaqeqvavtsdmpkapdkttagegelkwdaeatkalkqvpffvrgkvqrntenyarergysevtleviyaakayfesksnqger
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=complement(5151488..5152951),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msrladkiqdvfnepgcaanqaksdkqrkkgcskplqpggaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgtkssgsklyrtgfttdmgendvifggekrlfrsikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpammgddivavckvaaekfgkpcipiispgfvgpknlgnklageamldyvigtqepefttpydiniigeynvagelwqvkplldelgirilsclagdaryhevaqshraraammvcstaminvarkmeerygipyfegsfygisdtseslrqiarlliargadpelmarvealitreearawaaikaytprlegkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagltivgtsvkkstkedkarlkemspdvhqiddlrpremykmlkeaqadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqertyaycgyvgivemvrqidkslsnpiwaqvrsappwdevtweqradaanaaddrqraifgrsaqva
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=complement(947854..949389),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=Nitrogenase
mpinlktsvvesreqrlgtiiawdgkasdlskesayarsegcgsacgakarrvcemrspfsqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrgavlvqhspigcgagqviynsifrnglairglpvenlhlistnlrerdmvyggldklertirdawerhhpqaifiatscptaiigddiesvasqleaefgipviplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrknperkqedlvnvinlwgsdvfgpmlgelglrvnyvvdlatvedlaqmseaaatvgfcytlstymaaaleqefgvpevkapmpygfagtdawlreiarvthreeqaeayiareharvkpqlealreklkgikgfvstgsayahgmiqvlrelgvtvdgslvfhhdpvydsqdprqdslahlvdnygdvghfsvgnrqqfqfygllqrvkpdfiiirhnglaplasrlgipaiplgdehiavgyqgilnlgesildvlahrkfhediaahvrlpyrqdwlardpfdlarqsagqprrpae
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=complement(947854..949389),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=nitrogenase
mpinlktsvvesreqrlgtiiawdgkasdlskesayarsegcgsacgakarrvcemrspfsqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrgavlvqhspigcgagqviynsifrnglairglpvenlhlistnlrerdmvyggldklertirdawerhhpqaifiatscptaiigddiesvasqleaefgipviplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrknperkqedlvnvinlwgsdvfgpmlgelglrvnyvvdlatvedlaqmseaaatvgfcytlstymaaaleqefgvpevkapmpygfagtdawlreiarvthreeqaeayiareharvkpqlealreklkgikgfvstgsayahgmiqvlrelgvtvdgslvfhhdpvydsqdprqdslahlvdnygdvghfsvgnrqqfqfygllqrvkpdfiiirhnglaplasrlgipaiplgdehiavgyqgilnlgesildvlahrkfhediaahvrlpyrqdwlardpfdlarqsagqprrpae
>Burkholderiales_bacterium_GJ-E10  coded_by=complement(1489469..1490959),organism=Burkholderiales bacterium GJ-E10,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msiklagklqevfdepgcdknrekpeavrkkgctkqlapgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdaahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgpatyrigfttdineldviyggekrlykairqiverydppaifvyqtcvtaligddieavcktasekfgkpvipvdapgfagvknlgnklagealldhvigtrepeyttptdiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldaigvrilacisgdaryhevasshrakaammvcskaminiarkmqerygipffegsfygigdmseslrqiarllldrggpqeildrtealiraeearawariepyrerlrgtrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeigmevvgtsvkkstkedkqrieeimggdahmiddmtpremyrmlkdagadimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmvtlvreidraihnpvweqvrrpapwaddvpavvrpaegavanaepvrrsvpaaqaadlteig
>Azorhizobium_caulinodans_ORS_571  coded_by=complement(1168256..1169758),organism=Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS 571,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvsqpqtveeikarnkeliaevlqvypektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkldpnapprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagffddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtiiyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmakapwkqapkpsllaae
>Bradyrhizobium_oligotrophicum_S58  coded_by=2595925..2597427,organism=Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum S58,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, NifD
msvtekqsvaeikarnkeliaevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhengksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqdlfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkipadaaprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekynipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasffddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmakapwkqapkpllqaae
>Clostridium_bornimense  coded_by=329499..330986,organism=Clostridium bornimense,definition=nitrogenase
mrinlehpevqkreerlnsisgfagtarelcdksnsgrlcdkkrsfsqclgcssgnaicqsimiqdtvtinhaplgcagdfadfnftnrvnrgfrnleikncraistnleekdtiygggeklrktielayerynpkaifvtascasgiigddiesitneaeeklgipvayiscegfrsklwttgfdatfhgilrkvvkppvkkqddlinvinfwgsdiftdlfkrlnlrpnyivpfstieqlekiseatatvqicptlgtylaagleqeygvkevkapvpyglkgtdnwfrelgkitgkekeveeliakekekiapklkelreklkgkrayvtagaahghsiiallkelglevtgagifhhdpkydcdggarnkccngsteslnhvvntygdvpnfhvcnkqafelvnnlnrikpdlliarhggvsvwgiklgiptllvgdeqfglgyqgiinygekilqilntkefseniashslspysdwwlsqpankfiggk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC220B00  coded_by=41938..43440,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC220B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkevefeaspydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaevviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkadpsaaiaae
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=<1..>1041,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelgmpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslrkiaalfdetiqencekmiakykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmleegaivmddptayeleelremnidlvgsggeg
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=<1..>1041,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelgmpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslrkiaalfdetiqencekmiakykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmleegaivmddptayeleelremnidlvgsggeg
>Methylocella_tundrae  coded_by=<1..>1103,organism=Methylocella tundrae,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
lcrarkgvvlgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaaimdeiqvlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskakskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkqegkparfestdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgptkieeslrkiashfddkikegaerviakyraltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgike
>Tolumonas_auensis_DSM_9187  coded_by=741637..743010,organism=Tolumonas auensis DSM 9187,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneiaalmdepacghnskaksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgarssgpalyrmgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlyhavkhiveryhpaavfvyntcvpamegddiiaickaaeikvgvpvipvdaagfygsknlgnriagevmvdkvvgtaepapwpadysvpaeqghdisligefniagefwnvqplfdelgvrilctlsgdarfhevqtihraelnmlvcsralinvarkletkygtpwfegsfygvsdtskslltvaemlgdpdlitrtkaliarkeaeteaqlapfrarlkgkrvllytggvkswsvvaalqdlgmevvasgtrksteedkarirelmgdnalmledgnarnlldvayqyradlmiaggrnmftaykarlpfldinqerehayagydgmvelarqicrslespiwtqvkqrapwq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._R46306  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. R46306,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsreksqeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC229A00  coded_by=3917..5611,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC229A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkevefesgpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaiiakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhxiakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwknkpsrrrrsqpnetlasrkpggvnacgrlsagdlkrfdvpvppyggpdgkr
>Synechococcus_sp.  coded_by=1122..2552,organism=Synechococcus sp.,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
mstvedrkqliqdvldtypeklakkrskhlnvyeegkddcgvksniksapgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkllkiteeieelfplhngisiqsecpvgligddiegvakkaqkitgkpvfpfrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfsrddaqeiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtinemmqtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddtikenaekviakyeqqtaevlakyrprlenktvmmmvgglrprhvvpaftdlgmkmigtgyefahgddykrtteyvddatliyddvtayefekfvqelkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnnptwglikspwnk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._118IP1SAPT  coded_by=<1..>813,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 118IP1SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfg
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis_LMG_19424  coded_by=318301..319671,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis LMG 19424,definition=nifE oxidoreductase, Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
msrkaraadlfdqpncaknrakseeerklgcsrqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpvadvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrqaassgptlyrtgfttdinefdviyggerrlfrsvreiiekynppavfvyqtcvtaligddidavckqasvefskpvipvhapgfagsknlgnklggeallnyvigtrepayttptdinvigeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirllscitgdgrysdiasahraranmvvcsksmvhvatkmqerygipylecsfygigdtsnalrqiasllvqrgasgklldsterliqaqeeraweriatyrarlegkrallitggvkswsvvaalqeagleiigtsvkkstkedkerikgilgqdalmfdnmtaremykllhdakadimlsggrsqfialkalmpwldvnqerhhpyagyegivelireiertiynpvwqqvripap
>Phormidium_cf._irriguum_CCALA_759  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Phormidium cf. irriguum CCALA 759,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
lsqgitiesecpigligddieavakkkakdiekpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadqyrktpegfvsspydvniigdyniggdiwpsrilleeiglrvicqfsgdgtfnevvmtplaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeaygipwieynffgptqiayslrkiaskfdetiqakaeeviaryqpqaeaivekyrsrlagktvmmmvgglrprhivpafedlgmnvigtgyefghnddykrtaeyiedgtiiyddvsgyefeqiaekmkpdliaagikekyv
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=complement(66681..68162),organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mssinikspevqirevrlgsitgyegsagelvkcartgklqdstrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmikdaaiinhapvgcsgdffsfnfvyrvgqmerdlptamgryfntnieekdtifgataklretvrevyervrpnaifittscasaiigddvefvandmteelgipvvgcycegfkskiwttgfdsayhsivrkivkpprkktnkvniinfwgsrifddilkplgyeanyvvpfstvadleyiseaaatiqicptlgtyigaalekvygvpeikappaygipgtdawlgelgrvlnreaeieeyikkeharvlplleeyrkklqgktayltagaahghaliallrelgfqvqgaaifhhdpiydnddptsdalahdvntygdvhnynvcnkqayelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgvptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyaeriletldnkefvtnlakhssmpytkwwleqdpfsflggnvdvevy
>Pseudacidovorax_intermedius_NH-1  coded_by=1..1458,organism=Pseudacidovorax intermedius NH-1,definition=NifD
mtatveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigitgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqelfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyeghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdkvdpdkrpdfvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpraklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddtikanaekviakykplmqavidkykprlqgkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyikdstliyddvtgyefehfvdkikpdligsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspiwgltkapwks
>Selenomonas_artemidis_F0399  coded_by=141560..142858,organism=Selenomonas artemidis F0399,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mateakrlifrrtncscampgvwralayvrgaavvfhspracahiartletgahyrsiargaaeersavplfvsgiaedeavfggeellrrcldhvvmnarpeaifivsscvagvigddaeriaeeaaeeygipvialkshgfldgeyfggyletmrllaenfmqpsaekkqgravllgdcggasgeyvrevrrllaalgvrdvlqfpsylslaelkavpaaefsvllgregdaahekevrdfavllterfgivcagdiypvgmgetlrwierigaltgraaeaevligeertafdavlaagrdalagkhvvlavgrsvryfkpepicrlldelgvvltgvvildaylpddraemvrrvrevspapvtaerdaepvytaadfvltthelanphlrqiflpmlpvagrrgeellidcmrrctarrreggvlya
>Paenibacillus_peoriae  coded_by=1184306..1185754,organism=Paenibacillus peoriae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mssivdkgkqiveeilevypkkakkdrtkhfeiadeelvncgtcsiksnmksrpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangvlgidnftamqitsnfqekdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddigavakkmteelgipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgrrelkesgpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelgiahksklnlihchrsmnymcttmeqeygipwmeynffgptktmeslraiaarfdetiqekceqviaqympqmeavirkyrprlegkkvmlligglrarhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyektfpdvkegtilyddpaayeleelaqrlnidlmgagvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifardmdmtinspvwsllpsrqtaevpv
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_HaA2  coded_by=1116194..1117657,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris HaA2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstavaespadikernkqligevleaypdksakrrakhlntyeaekaecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyykgntgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqdlfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavskaktkqydgkpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvfdkagdkvatfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgptkieaslreiaakfddkikegaerviakykprmqaivdryrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvrpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdiainapiwkltkapws
>Tolypothrix_tenuis  coded_by=1..1497,organism=Tolypothrix tenuis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenknivderkelikevlqaypekaakkrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksspgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqelevlfplsrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandqirdwvfpradqakkdgtlpfdstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleelglrvvaqwsgdgtinemmltpnvkinlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslreivskfdskiqenaekiiakyqptmdaiikkyrprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafydlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyidngtivyddvtayefeefvkalkpdliasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwskkagakakaav
>Phormidium_sp._OSCR  coded_by=complement(1787..3136),organism=Phormidium sp. OSCR,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meptllkgretqiyrkgkepfaiecdkqslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpvgcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqerdvifggeeklknallelieryqpnaafvystcivgiigdnldaickqveaitgipvipvqsegfkgnkragynaackamfrlvgtgdtsdispysinilgdfnlageiwiirqyfekmgvqvvanitgdgrvadisrshgaalnvvqcsgatldlakmmqdtygvpfervsyfgvedmaealykvarffkeepeilkraqlvvreelsilypklleyrkdlegkkaaiyvggsfkafslvkafrllgmdvvmvgsqtgtkedyqelqeitdegtiivddsnplelsaflqekdvdifvggvkerpiayklglgfcdhnherkealegfegmlnfarevhstvmspvwqfmprrtgk
>Arcticibacter_svalbardensis_MN12-7  coded_by=complement(39500..40828),organism=Arcticibacter svalbardensis MN12-7,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mmsefltgrekqivrsgttseailcakpslagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypisdalhlihgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrnsfstdlqekdvvfggekklyaslielidrykpkaafvystclvgvigddleavckkvgleksipvipvqapgfngtkkdgykvacealatlvgtsdreipkfsinilgdfniagelwllldyyrrmgihvnatitgdgrvdairnahkaslnvvqcsgsmmylaklmqekygvpfmrvsyfgledmsealygvakffkdkdlmikaseivkeeflrimpvikeykeklqgkkaaiyvggsfkaislikalrligvqtvvvgsqtgtsedyeliqqlcdegtiivddsnpielstfvkekkadifiggvkerpiayklglgfcdhnherkealagyegmlnfakeiyatamspvwqftr
>Methanosphaerula_palustris_E1-9c  coded_by=complement(551392..553017),organism=Methanosphaerula palustris E1-9c,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msiteeqleemlsrypdkvkknrkkhlilknsaeacqqieantrtipgiisqrgcayagckgvvvgpikdmvhivhgpvgcsyyawgtrrnkaraddttppekvftplcfttdmqesdivfggdkklakmidqvveifhpravsicatcpvgligddinavakaaeerhgiqvlsfncegykgvsqsaghhiannnlmehvigkgtaeknpddyvinilgeyniggdgwelerilkdigytlncimtgdasyekirnlhiadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwlkvnfigvtatmaslreiaqcfndekliertemviarelarvtpaleqyrkicqgktafifvggsrshhyqallrdlgmdvvvagyefahrddyegrqviptiksdadsknipelhptpdeelyqeahvhlkmskekydelssriafnsyqgmipemkdgevilddanhheveelirmikpdlffsgvrdkyivhkmgvpakqmhsydysgpyagfngslifaedvanalvtpawklvtapwedqnrsrsdsna
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._17.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 17.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpndvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._17.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 17.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpndvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=1064943..1066460,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifD3
mkkfnlntsvvdtreqrlgtiigwktgkaselskdsaftcagckgnggkrlceatgpftqgstcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhapigcgtgqvaynsiyrnglairnlpiqnikiintnmketdmvfgaldkleqsirdawnrhqpraifigtscasgiigedvdsvaskmqeelnipvipmycegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrqlvrknpkkqenlvniinlwgsdvftpmlaelglevnyvidlakvedlerlseaaatvtfcntlgsymaaaleehfgvpevkapqpygiagtdawlrelarvthrekeaeiyiekehkriapkieelkkllkgkkgyaatgsayshgliavlkelgiqvdgslvfhhdpvydnndpskdtlkflvdnyedvanfsvsnrqqfqfygllknvnpdfilirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdehhaigysgilnlgetileilqhkkfhqdlaehtklpytkwwleqrdpyileksnfvkie
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=1064817..1066334,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkfnlntsvvdtreqrlgtiigwktgkaselskdsaftcagckgnggkrlceatgpftqgstcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhapigcgtgqvaynsiyrnglairnlpiqnikiintnmketdmvfgaldkleqsirdawnrhqpraifigtscasgiigedvdsvaskmqeelnipvipmycegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrqlvrknpkkqenlvniinlwgsdvftpmlaelglevnyvidlakvedlerlseaaatvtfcntlgsymaaaleehfgvpevkapqpygiagtdawlrelarvthrekeaeiyiekehkriapkieelkkllkgkkgyaatgsayshgliavlkelgiqvdgslvfhhdpvydnndpskdtlkflvdnyedvanfsvsnrqqfqfygllknvnpdfilirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdehhaigysgilnlgetileilqhkkfhqdlaehtklpytkwwleqrdpyileksnfvkie
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=15607..17055,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=4892707..4894155,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_KCTC_1686  coded_by=5367129..5368577,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca KCTC 1686,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=12386..13834,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(36793..38241),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(565446..566894),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=15578..17026,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(36793..38241),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=5456357..5457805,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_HKOPL1  coded_by=complement(2677532..2678980),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca HKOPL1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_KONIH1  coded_by=4021029..4022477,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca KONIH1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_HaA2  coded_by=1119361..1120827,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris HaA2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msrladkiqdvfnepgcadnqaksekqrkkgcskplqpggaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgtkssgsklyrtgfttdmsendvvfggekrlfrsireiiekydppavfvyqtcvpammgddivavckvaaekfgkpcipiiapgfvgpknlgnklageamldyvigtqepevttpydiniigeynvagelwqvkplldelgirilsclsgdaryhevaqshraraammvcstaminvarkmqerygipyfegsfygitdtsdslrqiarlliargadaelmdrvealiareeakawaaikaytprlagkkvllitggvkswsvvlalqeagltivgtsvkkstkedkerlkemspdvhliddlrpremykmlkeaqadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqersyaycgyvgivemvrqidkalsnpiwqqvrsappwdevswetradaanaaddaqraaeaapaakva
>Microcoleus_sp._PCC_7113  coded_by=complement(1478971..1480419),organism=Microcoleus sp. PCC 7113,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtveekkeliqevleaypekgrkkrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksnikslpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteldelfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakksakeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfkgsekktkdvegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhememtptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeetygipwleynffgptkiaeslrmiaakfdetiqqkaeeviakyeaqtqavlekyrprlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmrligtgyefghnddykrtthyiengtliyddvsafefeefvkelkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwslvgapwkkaeatv
>Leptospirillum_ferriphilum_YSK  coded_by=complement(1632368..1633768),organism=Leptospirillum ferriphilum YSK,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mavkkvqevfeepacghnqaksekdrkkgctkvampgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdaahlvhgpiacegnswdnrsalssgsrlyrtgfttdmnemdviyggekhlfkairqirdqynppaiflyqtcvpaiigddietvaraasekfglpvvpvnapgfaggknlgnklagealldyvigtmepeyttptdlniigeynlsgelwqvkplldrlgirvlscisgdaryrevasshraraamlvcskaminiarkmeerygipwfegsfygisdmseslrniakllvgrgasndlldrtetliaseekeawaaieafrpalsgkrallitggvkswsvvsalleaglevvgtsvkkstaedkerisalmgedahmietltpremyrmladaeadilmaggrsqfvalkarvpfldvnqerrfafagykgmvtlvseihrsltnpvfdhlrkpapwqpecrltplv
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=3329987..3331555,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhefdcskclperkkhavtkgtgdnlatalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvrekhivfgaegllkqniieafkacpdikrmtiyqtcataligddinavaaevmeempdvdiftcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawindkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyftrmgiqvlstftgngtydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsqslrkigmffgiedraeaiiaeetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemgvkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgedalaiddpneleglealeklqpdiiftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiyngiyspmhqlsgldiskdeiptdrgfvtqrmlsdahlpeeiakseslrrytgkddiiadlrkknppyftpiikakaae
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=NifD
msreyendgalhaklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlnaaksgneaggesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtipgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideievlfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrkktkeydktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdvkfeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrniakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakylsrlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefahsddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwdlfhapwkrsrgderamaae
>mine_drainage_metagenome  coded_by=complement(18135..19520),organism=mine drainage metagenome,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
msaklavkvqevlnepgcdvnqgksekerkkgctkqlvpgaaaggcafdgakialqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrnasssgstlyrtgfttdiseldviyggekhlyrsikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckaaaqkfgkpiipvdapgfvgnknignklgaealldyvigtaepeyttpydiniigeynlagelwqikplldelgirllacisgdakyrevayshrakaammvcskaminiarkmeeryaipyfegsfygisdmsdslrqiagllvrqgapdellartealilreekrawermkgytprlkdkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqevgmdvvgsstkkstaedkekikgmmaddahavddmtpreiynmlkdaradimlsggrsqfialkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmvelvkqidqslyhpvwdqvrrpapwei
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(13201..14574),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdtlrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Blastochloris_viridis  coded_by=complement(1910582..1912150),organism=Blastochloris viridis,definition=nitrogenase (iron-iron) alpha chain
mpyhefdcstciperkkhavvkgpgedltsclplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkqnmleafkafpdikrmtiyqtcataligddidaiaaevkeelpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawvnnkvgtfepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldffkrmgiqvlstftgngtydglrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprmdidgfgfeplsislrkigrffgiedraekiiaeetakwkpqldwykerlrgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglhvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcsegalaiddpneleglealerlkpdiiftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpwkgyegwvrfardiyngiyspihqlsaldiskdeiptgtgfvtarmlsdatlsddikntpalqrydgkydiiaglrtktypelpakvvvaaae
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=156434..157768,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
msfyiekprttcalggalaaisalsevvpiahtaagcpgnlsgatgfsagncgssycsgasvpvsnigenevvfggekrlkeeiesafelieaklfvvatgcmteiigddiqrvivefqdenkpiihintasfegdayegyeilldgifnqyipikkekdnkvvnvfgvvplfdpffrgeleeikrllesiglkvntfftpdqsfeniisaseaglniilskvhgikfaekfkekhgtpyyvtelpigaeatdeflrliakelslnkeiveqviehenliyyrylerladtiadgefkfyasvvsnancaipyaaflqkelgwiicetiitdildkngkeelgvsfknkdilgklifetdaggivkiitrnhpqhqgefffdsytplyilgstlekefadkkkanklsvsypvydrviidkgyagyrgglhlfediigslvagr
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=4512400..4513854,organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msltveetktrnkelidevleaypektakkrakhlavheegkpdcnvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiqelfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdfvfdktdpdknkfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskieaslreiashfddkikentekviakyrtltdaviakykprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgfefeqfvdkikpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwdlakdpfaa
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis_G4  coded_by=595052..596545,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis G4,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslkakiaevfdepgcdknqdksekarkkgctkqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekrlfrsvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckratekfgkpvipvnspgfagpknlgnklggealldyvigtrepdyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldalgvrilscisgdgrydavasahrakvnmmvcsksminiatrmqqrygipyfegsfygigdmsdtlrqiatllvrqgapadlveraerliaseearawariahykkrlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkekikeimgddahmiddmtpremyamlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqerhhpyggyegmvelvheidraifnpvwqqvripapwgddgetlgavraaaaaasapiphgvhawamglepgvva
>Desulfosporosinus_meridiei_DSM_13257  coded_by=888995..890428,organism=Desulfosporosinus meridiei DSM 13257,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msikettefrkqvvedvlevypekarknrrqhiavkdegcascavksnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdvvhishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnladgeigvdnfvpflftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiiqeavdlfpnangvsilsecpvgligddiesvarrmseklelpvvpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhllgkgparevgkydigiigdyniggdawaskkileemglnvvniwtgdstlemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnyiarhmedtygtpwmefnffgptkiresilkiaaqfddyimekaqqvlakyepqmqkvietyrpqlegksvmlyvgglrprhivgayedlgmevtgtgyefahsedyektlpalkegtliyddvtafeleefvmklkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfpifardmdmainsptwksikapwak
>Desulfosporosinus_meridiei_DSM_13257  coded_by=complement(4176780..4178213),organism=Desulfosporosinus meridiei DSM 13257,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msikettefrkqvvedvlevypekarknrrqhiavkdegcascavksnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdvvhishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnladgeigvdnfvpflftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiiqeavdlfpnangvsilsecpvgligddiesvarrmseklelpvvpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhllgkgparevgkydigiigdyniggdawaskkileemglnvvniwtgdstlemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnyiarhmedtygtpwmefnffgptkiresilkiaaqfddyimekaqqvlakyepqmqkvietyrpqlegksvmlyvgglrprhivgayedlgmevtgtgyefahsedyektlpalkegtliyddvtafeleefvmklkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfpifardmdmainsptwksikapwak
>Delftia_tsuruhatensis  coded_by=881..2371,organism=Delftia tsuruhatensis,definition=NifD
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdynigrrrlglahsawkrwglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklxlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H13  coded_by=<1..>774,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H13,definition=NifD
akhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Alkaliphilus_oremlandii_OhILAs  coded_by=367760..369013,organism=Alkaliphilus oremlandii OhILAs,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mafykffptpsdrmgtiwtlstikdayiiefgpagtthfaiegmmqfnadhnanvytthinetdisfgkqdrlenaileidgqygpkyifvmassisaiigtdiesvcyelqpkvkaklipittggyhgdhtlgieatmdmlckevvqetvqkkpntynivgnngdvfnflsdveeiknlmksafnfdvnttftaytsmeeiekageaqfnlvlrgeglkaadtlkknhgmgyhygrpyglegttfwlkslekalgipadeqyiakktaeirkhlmnyrfmtrglnkknvllvgdydvvvglaalveelgltveaiilkhkmnrkakkhlpekwervmkldyseremeaylsetpsyllladeatlklenksklhfqianpnfskhsiypytpfvgyhgalyfmqclyelqkgnpea
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pbt1c  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pbt1c,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkpdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkispeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=complement(4715443..4716945),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattqsvaeikarnkqlidevlkvypektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskvkskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkispeakptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasffddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyeferfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwkktrapwkdaprpslmaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CollC23  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CollC23,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvmpeskpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Denitrovibrio_acetiphilus_DSM_12809  coded_by=1099220..1100584,organism=Denitrovibrio acetiphilus DSM 12809,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrlklqtlvnepgcdhnqsktdkqkkeackkptpgataggcafdgaqivllpvadaahlihgpitccghsynnrgtrttvgdlhdygfttdisemdiimgsekklkesikyitekyrpkavfvystcvtamigediaqvckdvssevrlpvipvdspgfagsknlgnkfagnsiveyvvgtkepeavpensinligeyniagelwqiepilkdlginllskmtgnatydelayankaqvsvvicsralisiarqlkdkyeipylegsfysmkqtkqtllkiaellkndelkskiekycaekeeatyaelepylpvlkgkkvlvytggvkswsvlhqleelgmeviksstrksteedidrildhfegdqsalmpkgdgrtilnlikehnahlllaggrnmynamkeqipfldvnqerhfafagyegmvelarhmaytltspvfdvahskapwevm
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=1504..2874,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllecdipiperekhtyikksgetivprcnvqttpgdltergctyagcmgvvggpvkdvihlvhgpigcafytwgggrrqnlsdntefhrkycfstsmqepnvifggekklynsilesyerfpavngvfvyatcvigligddintvcknaakeigvpvipfscegfrgvsqslghhiandvifekivgtkepdevtpydiniigdyniqgdlwiieplfeamglrilctftgnasiddlamahraklnvmhcqrstpyicqlmeekyevpympvslfgiaqtsqalrdvaaffglggkaeeviesevakilpeieyykeqlrgkrvfiyqgaprawhwiklmeelgmevigatttfghtddyekiierigdgaividnpnsvelreiligykpdlfisglkekflayklgvpfvnghsyergpyavysgflkfakdihttinhpawkliegra
>Clostridium_ultunense_Esp  coded_by=39570..41036,organism=Clostridium ultunense Esp,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mesrdkstitevghmaevggqnvieelleaypekarkerkkhfeindiekistgkcsiksnvksrpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnysngvlgvnnfvamqvtsdfqerdivfggdkklekvcreikemfplakgitiqsecpigligddieavakkmtkelgipvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdhvlgtrdlkesgpydvaiigdyniggdawaarilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlnelaitykaklnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslrkiasffddqiqeqaerviakykpemdaviekyrprlegkkvmllvgglrprhtvgayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddyertykelkegaviyddpseydleylakalgvdlvgsgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkvfardmdiamnspvwnlmqvpf
>[Clostridium]_celerecrescens  coded_by=42324..43787,organism=[Clostridium] celerecrescens,definition=nitrogenase
mainlsnsnlatretrlgsitgyvgdlhdlasqskcgslkgcgrcfsqsstclsgcalgqlggirdvavihhgpsgcsatassqyiitnqvaakrgvvnksvyigtdmnendtifgstealadiivevnrryqpkaifvssscatgiigedidsvvddvkdqipvpviavhcegfksriwatgfdisdhavlsgivkppeqkrntvnfknffesarneiiemfknfdlepiflyanatveelehlsesvattcicgvlgnylgngleelygvpyirtinplgivgfetwlreigrvagkqlevehyieeqrkiyipqieavkkelkglkavlgmgpgytfevtrvlnelgievvwalawhydkkyengdvppamsylldneinfeasvadqqnfevmnilnkyrpdlylsrhpgstvwaikqgtpavyvadeymifgykhtlefahtvldtirnrsfeqnlakrvklpytdwwykqdvgsfleegig
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cana6a.9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cana6a.9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqresdgkpkfeptsydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfovibrio_magneticus_str._Maddingley_MBC34  coded_by=1188..2807,organism=Desulfovibrio magneticus str. Maddingley MBC34,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstkptnveeikkeliakmptkvarkraksilpgtevgeaipeiqsnvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgpsrdivnlthgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdagpdgenfipyafstdmtehdivfggekklraaiqeaydnfhpkaisifstcpvgligddihavartmqeelgitifanscegykgvsqsaghhiannqimkhvigtkdvavegkfkvnmlgeyniggdafeierilekcgftlvatfsgnstvedfriahaadlntvmchrslnyvaemmetkygipwikvnfigaeasakslrrmaayfedqelidrteaviaeelekvktvvdeikprtdgktamlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmkilgagyefahrddyegrhvlptikvdadsrnieeleihpdperfkprkteeelarlnekgldfkgyegmiggmgkdamviddinhyeteklleiykpdifcagikekyivqkmgiplkqlhnydmggpyagfngainwyrdidrmvntkvwnlikapwqtdgpeleatyva
>Phaeospirillum_fulvum_MGU-K5  coded_by=18376..19890,organism=Phaeospirillum fulvum MGU-K5,definition=nitrogenase
mpinlktsvvesreqrlgtiigwdgkasdlskesayarggceskcgqkarrvcelnspftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgtgqviynsiyrnglalrglpvsnlhlistnlgerdmvfggvaklertirdawdrhhpkaifiatscataiigddiesvagqletelgipviplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrkvpekkqddlvnvinlwgsdvftpilaelglrvnyvvdlatvedlaqmseavatigfcytlssymaaaleqefgvtevkapqpygfagtdawlreiarvtnregraedyiareharvqprleelrellkgkkgyvstgsayahgligvlrelgvevdgslvfhhdpvydsqdprqdslahlldtygevpqftvgnrqqyqfyallqrvkpdfiiirhnglaplaarlgipaiplgdehhavgyqgilnlgesildvlahkkfhqdlaahvrlpyrkwwleqddpfvlarpaae
>Sphingomonas_sp._WHSC-8  coded_by=complement(3250805..3252307),organism=Sphingomonas sp. WHSC-8,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msvstvtdiaeikernrkliqevlevypektakrrakhlnvhedgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeieelfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdfvfdkmgdappaieltpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgptkiaeslrkiasyfddkikegaerviakyqplmqavidryrprlqgktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyikdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainapiwkmtptpwkqrpeeplalaae
>Thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum_DSM_571  coded_by=complement(1852654..1854012),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum DSM 571,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
melrldiperekfikmkgkhhkkeficntdsvagsvsqracvysgarvvlnpiedavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselfrnsfssdlkesdvifggeeklskcideiyekykpklifvystciagvigddikavckelskkyniyvvpvessgfignkaagykaacnslldlikefpvlkkeplsinymgdfnlageawiikgylnqmglkvntiftgdsnfeslkkstasslnivqcagsmtylakkfeetfgipymkvsflgiedtsnslrkiaaffndkdvmlkteklieektkmaksiiekyksylkgkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfrelgidvvvigtqngqkdeyekieeiadygtvilddanpselekfmvekgadilaggvkerflsykmgiafidhnhdrkhplsgyegainfaeevyttacspvwkyvkdgvdkyv
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_3  coded_by=complement(1174234..1175778),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 3,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
msgteltenelieeridlsrntcpnreqranginvwygkasdlakearsgclrqrernfqqssgcvlnfylsvrigtirdavaiyhapvgcssaalgyrelyrhipvelgrpanfdlhwmttnlrerdvvygageklreaikeaerrynpkaifvltsctsgiigediegtvsqvqpeikativpihcegsrsrlvqtgydafwhavlkylvkkpekkqkdlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkvglrvnfvpefasveqfeqlseaavtaplcptytdylarglkqeygipyflypspmgvahtdewlreigrhtgkereiealikeehekwlpklkairqefenfkgngekvevlgalgqgrllaqvpyfdelglkssaamcqdfdnlilkdlekliaqmgdfdilvntfqaaeqthitnqrdpdiamtcpfqggafkrdkgvtrvhalrsdahpwsaqsgytgaiafgnfllqslkshsyqrtmkektqstykdwwykqpnslyylkaee
>Chroococcidiopsis_sp._PCC_6712  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Chroococcidiopsis sp. PCC 6712,definition=NifD
mttieenkqlikevleaypdkaakrrskhlnvheegksdcgvqsnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklidelevlfplskgttiesecpigligddieavarkkakdtgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrqtpegfepgpydvniigdyniggdawpsrrlleaiglrvisqfsgdgtfnevvmtplakmnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwleynffgptqiakslrkiaaqfdetiqakaeeviaehqaqmdevvakygprlkdktvmmmvgglrprhvipafedlgmnvigtgyefghgddykrtadyvkdgtviyddvsghefeefakklkpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfavfardmdlainnptwdliknpwe
>Rhizobium_sp._IRBG74  coded_by=complement(221475..222953),organism=Rhizobium sp. IRBG74,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
mlevnemsslsakiqdifvepacekndrkdagarkkgcskplipgataggcafdgakvvlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgtassgptlwrtsfttdlteldiimgqserrlfhalrqikeayappaifvyatcvteligddiravckhaaekfglpvvpinapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddvgpcdinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgvriracipgdaryrdvacshraraamlvcstalinlarkmeerwqipffegsfygitatsealrriaellvkrgadaqildrtdtliaeeeaiawkrleayrprlegkrvlinsggvkswsfvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstvedkerikqvlndehhmfesmaprelytmlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmlelvrqidlaihnpiwsevrepapwevnpaaeertstythtetasvapfsec
>Wolinella_succinogenes  coded_by=complement(286863..288317),organism=Wolinella succinogenes,definition=NIFD
mraeelkalqkeaieevlaaypektaknrskhlgvgapddesqktcggvrsnkksapgvmtqrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpigcgqysrggrrnyyigttgvdtfvtvnfstdfqerdivfggdkklqqaideindlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddiqaaarkksaetgktvvavscegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdimfplsdevnkdfvatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdstfkeitagpkaklnllhcyrsmnyvarhmekeygipwmeynffgpskieaslraiakhfgpeiekkaeeviakykaiteaviakykprlegktvmlyvgglrsrhiigayedlgmeviglgyefahdddyqrtkeevsgsvlvyddvneyelekfvdklrpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardiemavnspvwahntapwd
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=1649695..1651224,organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=nitrogenase
mgkinlkmtevqnrerrlgtiiawngtasdlhtqsgyqrrgsgcktktnkdgcrlceakgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgagqvpynsiyrnglamrghkveniriintnlqetdmvfgalgklkqsiddaweryspkaifigtscptgiigediesvakkkqeelgipviplfcegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivkkstkkqedlvnvislwgsdiftpmfkelnlrvnyvvdmasvsdleqlseaaatvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpevkapmpygfagtdewlrelgrvthreelveqyiakeharvkpkiaelkkklqglkgyvatgsayahgliqvlreldiqvdgslvfhhdpvydsgdsredslghlienygevpsfnvsnrqqyqfygllqevkpdfilirhnglaplasklgipaaplgdehvaigydgivnlgeaildilahkkfhddlkkhaklpykqwwldqqdpyilskhpelida
>Cylindrospermopsis_sp._CR12  coded_by=complement(163213..164718),organism=Cylindrospermopsis sp. CR12,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtpqdnkkiveerkelikevlqaypekaakkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyylgttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqeleelfplnrgvsvqsecpigligddieavsktaakelgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandqirdwvfpradqakkdgslkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleelglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlltpnvkinlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwmeynffgptkiaeslraiaarfdskiqenaekviakyqpsmdaiiakygprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafndlgmklvgtgyefahsddykrtthyidngtivyddvtafefeefikalkpdliasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwnksakkalrkataav
>Methanotorris_igneus_Kol_5  coded_by=1787389..1788837,organism=Methanotorris igneus Kol 5,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvlldcdkpipermkhtyiydpeeeiipacniktvpgdmtergcsfagargvvggpvkdvihmvhgpigcafytwgtrrnlsdnefhrrycfstdmqesdivyggekklekacleaaeefpeakgifiyatcptaligdnleavarkveekigkpvfacnspgfagcsqskghhifntefyrwlkkarerypekclkeeektpydialigdynmdwdlktiiplfekigcrvvtvftgnaslddlfklpdvklnvvhcqrsanyiaemiedgfnipkiwvslfgieqtaealrktaevlgidkekveevikeeveaikpkidfyrsklegkkclvyvggprtwhwvrmfkelgvdvvvacctfaheddyeklnknlkkaglkgtlvidgpneleleeavekykpdfmltglkerylfrkygiptinshsyeqgpyagfkgfvnfardiykavchpiwnvlkeeeakfeefkkkkeddvnn
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_C2J  coded_by=4484761..4486320,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae C2J,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkemkkltgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgdeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelvgiyhppvvfvystcivgiigddlesacktasekhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpkekkpeagpevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfermgievivsmtgdstaksitraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqkeygipyqtisffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeiletetnrimpvisqvrervkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlkpgspeqekatieleqekaaveekisakpyakkckgvalkpeflrsrsdaavesqv
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2770566..2771909),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
manfidrakftcalggaivtlsalhrtvpivhasggcagmlsntynmaggykgagycggtmtptsnvvendivfggekrleeqisstikvidgdlyfvvtgcqveiigddvlgvtrrfregrdivlaastpgflgnsfkgydavlstlaaelvekkeekdqktvnilgivpgqdvffrgnikgikrllnllgvqvntffgdgetiekiknygnagltivfsenygietakvfeekhhipyitadlpigetrtdaflhkitsllgleqsavkaliaeekkyyysylerildsysdldfqryaivaadssyafpltsfladdlgwiphlvvindqdhddlskkkyeskfnqltsetkpkvvfepqtgqllnhirhswqynhndkyenalspvfvvgssleataaekiganflsvafpvtnrlvldrgytgyqggltlaedifsalvsdr
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS23  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS23,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS21b  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS21b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS2  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS19b  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS19b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS16b  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS16b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS13W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS13W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS1  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE9  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE8W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE8W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE7  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE6W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE6W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE5W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE5W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE4W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE4W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE2W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE2W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE27W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE27W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE20W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE20W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE12W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE12W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE11  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE1W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE1W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS9  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._KS10W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. KS10W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GE24W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GE24W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS8  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS7  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS4  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS3  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS28  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS28,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS27  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS27,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS25  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS25,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS24  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS24,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhsw
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_EA_2018  coded_by=285581..287176,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum EA 2018,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain (nitrogenase component I) gene nifD
mknipekifekypaktfknrkqhmviktkdnlnpviqanvrtipgiitnrgccyagckgvvmgpikdmihithgpigcsyytwgvrrnkakaedggqnfieyvfstdmqerdivfggegklrkaikeaveifhpkaigiyatcpvgligddinavarestekygiqviafscegykgvsqsaghhiannnildtvigtgdwkhkkysvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigytvvgrlsgdgsyervknadtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmytkygipwiktnfigvtstiqtlrdmakvfddpyiykkteeviseelsniegemayfkerlegktaclfvggsrahhyqmllkdygvktvlagyefghrddyegreviptikadadsknipelhvekdpkkyriiipedryevlkqeipleyyggmfkdmeegavavddlnhheteqfikllkpdmffsgvkdkyviqkmgilskqlhsydytgpyagfkgavvfgkelvagaftpawnyaippwkkepmlegkvvggee
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_ATCC_824  coded_by=285591..287186,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum ATCC 824,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain (nitrogenase component I) gene nifD
mknipekifekypaktfknrkqhmviktkdnlnpviqanvrtipgiitnrgccyagckgvvmgpikdmihithgpigcsyytwgvrrnkakaedggqnfieyvfstdmqerdivfggegklrkaikeaveifhpkaigiyatcpvgligddinavarestekygiqviafscegykgvsqsaghhiannnildtvigtgdwkhkkysvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigytvvgrlsgdgsyervknadtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmytkygipwiktnfigvtstiqtlrdmakvfddpyiykkteeviseelsniegemayfkerlegktaclfvggsrahhyqmllkdygvktvlagyefghrddyegreviptikadadsknipelhvekdpkkyriiipedryevlkqeipleyyggmfkdmeegavavddlnhheteqfikllkpdmffsgvkdkyviqkmgilskqlhsydytgpyagfkgavvfgkelvagaftpawnyaippwkkepmlegkvvggee
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_DSM_1731  coded_by=285589..287184,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum DSM 1731,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain, nitrogenase component I, nifD
mknipekifekypaktfknrkqhmviktkdnlnpviqanvrtipgiitnrgccyagckgvvmgpikdmihithgpigcsyytwgvrrnkakaedggqnfieyvfstdmqerdivfggegklrkaikeaveifhpkaigiyatcpvgligddinavarestekygiqviafscegykgvsqsaghhiannnildtvigtgdwkhkkysvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigytvvgrlsgdgsyervknadtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmytkygipwiktnfigvtstiqtlrdmakvfddpyiykkteeviseelsniegemayfkerlegktaclfvggsrahhyqmllkdygvktvlagyefghrddyegreviptikadadsknipelhvekdpkkyriiipedryevlkqeipleyyggmfkdmeegavavddlnhheteqfikllkpdmffsgvkdkyviqkmgilskqlhsydytgpyagfkgavvfgkelvagaftpawnyaippwkkepmlegkvvggee
>Methanosarcina_vacuolata_Z-761  coded_by=complement(2844501..2845760),organism=Methanosarcina vacuolata Z-761,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mlagikdisivihspqgcsstvsaaydvheidftkrkvactrlfetdvvmgassklknlikeadskfktraifvvgtcaadiigedieglcrniqpqinakliplmaggfrgnlydgielglnalfpfirrqeekipdsvnliapqanlnptwwadlkwvretlekigikvqavlphdtsleeldnaglasanillshdagykfglkmqevhdiplilsdiplpiglkntarwlravgnyfgveekveaiikdgedmaidvlrrrglmmipryrncrvavsadatmgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrspvsdsqlllenelidmgispkvvfsadgyqikqslsencvdavfgssweyylaeelgikfvfdvfnptnrqnylnrayfgyegmlnflenvandwemalrskhinweeys
>Dickeya_dadantii_Ech703  coded_by=3058941..3060512,organism=Dickeya dadantii Ech703,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpyhefecskciperkqhavvkgpdedltsalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkekhivfgaekvlktniieafdahpeikrmtiyqtcasaligddiaaiaqevmderpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtveptitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngayddlramhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfgplsdslrkiglffgiedraqaiideevarwkpeldwykarlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihaemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceagalaiddpnelesleamyklkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlaqldisqqtipvdqgfatarmlsdvslseetrhdptlreytggydsvsklrqreypdfprdpnrrqeav
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=complement(3528900..3530261),organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepirkeeiddqacgslapkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpvacagnswesrgslssgpslsqygfatdlsnndiifggekklkdsidyiagrfappaifvyatcvtaligedmdavckeasdrlgipvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepeleasmgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnqagitllsritgdarykeitwahrakanmvvcsrallglakqmeskygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmayllndremerrvdrltereenrlshdlrpyrkilkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgiqvvgvgtnkssdedvqriadrvsddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfvdinqerhkayagyegllrlakelvdsianpiwklasspapwdkedsydr
>Bacteroides_graminisolvens_DSM_19988_=_JCM_15093  coded_by=complement(32368..33693),organism=Bacteroides graminisolvens DSM 19988 = JCM 15093,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mstlleerknqigrvgntheviacekaslagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlihgpigcaaytwdirgslssgpelhrlsfstdlrerdvvfggtaklhasldelielhkpkaafvyttcivgvigddveavckemsrekgipvipvqapgfqgskkdgyriaceslfqlvgtqnrpipkysinilgdfnlagelwilldyykrmgihvnatitgdgrvddicnahraslnvvqcsgsmmhlakmmketygvpfmrvsyfgiedmsdalyevanffqsddllqqartivkeelgrllpalapykkalngkkaaiyvggafkaislvkalrligvktvivgsqtgdkddykliqelcdedtivvddsnpvelsafvkekqadlfiggvkerpiaykiglgfcdhnherkealagyegmlnfakevygtvmspvwkyvr
>Chlorobaculum_parvum_NCIB_8327  coded_by=1775056..1776441,organism=Chlorobaculum parvum NCIB 8327,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkevmdtqnisllegrqkqvyektagapegdiacektslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadaihivhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfssdlqemdviyggekklykslielidqyqpkaafiystciigligddidavckkvakekgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaacnalmkligqgstegiskysinilgefnlageawiireyyekmgiqvvatmtgdgriddirrshgaslnvvqcsgsmttlakemeekygipyirvsyfgfedmskslydvaqhfperpdimekakeivrdeikqyypemqkfkaaltgkkaaiyvggafktfslikalrtvgmsvvlagsqtgnkqdyknlkemcdegtvivddsnpvelskfilekeadlliggvkerpiafklgvafcdhnherkiplagfigmyyfakevyesvmspvwqfaprkggvk
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=340116..341666,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mpyhefecskciperkqhavikgpgenltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdaihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisnndnfqikytyatdmkekhvvfgaekllrqniieafkafpdikrmciyqtcasaligddinavaqkvmkempgvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawidqkvgtlepeiksdyvinyvgeyniqgdeevmmdyfkrmgiqilstftgngsyddlrsmhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygiprldidgfgfgplslslrkiglffgiedkaqaiideetakwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwsggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvyskfghqgdfekgiarceegalaiddpnelegleamemlkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihklayldiskdeiptdkgfstqkmisdvnlseevvsspdlreytgkcniipdlckktypdfplkk
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=340115..341665,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=AnfD
mpyhefecskciperkqhavikgpgenltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdaihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisnndnfqikytyatdmkekhvvfgaekllrqniieafkafpdikrmciyqtcasaligddinavaqkvmkempgvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawidqkvgtlepeiksdyvinyvgeyniqgdeevmmdyfkrmgiqilstftgngsyddlrsmhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygiprldidgfgfgplslslrkiglffgiedkaqaiideetakwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwsggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvyskfghqgdfekgiarceegalaiddpnelegleamemlkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihklayldiskdeiptdkgfstqkmisdvnlseevvsspdlreytgkcniipdlckktypdfplkk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdklpadaaprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Ma9.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Ma9.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsktkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkinpdtparfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C7  coded_by=116546..117976,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C7,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpfclldvdkdipereqhvyikdskdtnghcqkcntttipgsmtergcafagvkgvitgaikdvlqvvhspvgcsaygngttkryptnstmpdgstfpvenfnlkhivgtdlsesdvvfggmkklkatiregakeypfvnaiyvyatcttgligddldavckemqaelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnftifeklvgtkeplettdydinligeynidgdywvlekyfdamgirvlskftgdachdelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpyikvdffgpeycaenlrtvgkffgkeieaeavikkemekiqpeidfyksklqgkkvwisaggpkswhlakpleeylgmdvvalsglfehedgyekmqerakdgtiiiddpntlemeevvekyhpdivlggikekyffhklgvssvmihsyengpyigfegfvnlakdiytaiynpawslmefedeepgdtne
>Novosphingobium_nitrogenifigens_DSM_19370  coded_by=52094..53593,organism=Novosphingobium nitrogenifigens DSM 19370,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvstpttiqevkdrnraliqevltvypektakrrakhlnvheegksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideievlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavsknkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdksegkelafepgpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptkieeslrkiasyfdekiqagaeaviakyraltdaviakykprlqgktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvetvkpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwklphapwkadpeyvaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR489  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR489,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitpereakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR488  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR488,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitpereakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR487  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR487,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitpereakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=2078472..2080022,organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=Nitrogenase
mtknqaphlvneqinladatcpnreerahginvyygkasellrdarsgnlkqvdrkfqqtsgctlnfyltvrvntirdaaivyhapvgcscpslgyrelfqhiptsmgmpenydlhwlttsmnekdmvygstdklkaaileaqrrydpkaifvltscasgiigediegavnevqpkvrgrivpihcegirsrlvqtgydafwhavlkylvkkpqkkqkdlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkmglrvnyvpefasveqfeqlseaavtaplcptytdylsrgleqeygvpffmypspmgfsgtdgwlreigkytgkekeaevviaeehrkwdpklaaiqeeflhikpngekvevlgalgqgrllaqvpyfdelgvkssaamcqdydnliidelekviaqvgdfdilvntfqaaeqthinrildpdmtltcpfqgsaykrlkgvtrvhalrgdpnlwaqqsayagavaygnfllqafksrslqqtmkektadnykawyfeqdnplyfrdndepvvs
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._deg3.5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. deg3.5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngkkivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpdnapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._deg2.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. deg2.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngkkivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpdnapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpp1.20  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpp1.20,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngkkivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpdnapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpp1.7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpp1.7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngkkivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpdnapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpp1.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpp1.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngkkivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpdnapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpp1.8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpp1.8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngkkivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpdnapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Allochromatium_vinosum_DSM_180  coded_by=1044924..1046378,organism=Allochromatium vinosum DSM 180,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkpkdlsalldepacahnaksksgcakpkpgataggcafdgaqiamlpigdvahivhgsiacagnswdnrgtrssgprlykigmttdlteqdiimgrgekrlfhsikqavdsyqpaavfvyntcvpaltgddveavcraaeqrwgtpvipidaagfygaknlgsrisgetmvkrvcggrepdpipegierpgfkvhdicligeyniagelwhvlplfdelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhrsevnmmvcsralvnvarrlketygtpwfegsfygvrdvsqalrdfariiddpdltartevviareeakaeaalapwrerlqgrkvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmtvvasgtrksteedkarirelmgedavmieegnprtlidmvhdqgvdiliaggrnlytalkarlpfldinqerefgyagyagmeelarqlcltiespiweavrrpppwarsaattrspavttpmvsestalevrha
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=<1..>1041,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelgmpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslrkiaalfdetiqencekmiakykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekilpmleegaivmddptayeleelremnidlvgsggeg
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=1461..2837,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllnsdkaiperekhtyikapsesilplsnvqttpgdftergctyagclgvvcgpikdvihlvhgpigcaywtwgggtrqnlsdnpsfhrkycfstdmqedniifggedklydsileaheefpeakgvfvyatcaigligddlkgvckraedeigirvvpfncegfrgcsqslghhiandtlfervvgtkepeyltdydmniigdyniqgdlweimplfermgirilstftgnasiddiaqahraklnlmhcqrstpyicermeekygipvlkaslfgveqtskalrdvaaffgledkaeeiieeevskvapkieayrtkfegkrvfiyqgaprawhwvnmfrelgvetiaaattfgreddyakicervndgvlviddpnsleleeilidwkpdlfisglkekylsyklgvpfinghsyekgpyavysgflnfardvdktlfapvwslirrekda
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=complement(1911417..1912772),organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msskpkikellvesacehnkghkkgpcntptpgattggcaldgaqialfpfadaahlihgpmscvggawetrltptswpgrdltqtgfatdintndvvfsgekklaeaidhvithyapeavfvystcvtaltgddidavcrqgserhgtpcvpvhapgfvgaknlgsriageavlrhligtkepadttpfdinligehnntgelwryrhlleelgirvrstfsgdgrtasirtahraklnvivcakslismtrkmeqqygipwiscsfygmtdtsnsilaiaealgdadliartraliareearleeklipyravfagkkavlntggnkswsiasalqdlgievvatsvrksteadkakarqylgenailmtspasqqaqviddtgahlllaggrslytaikkriaftdvnqekkksyggydgllvlaedlkislqnpvfelvdrkapwqk
>Skermanella_stibiiresistens_SB22  coded_by=184978..186351,organism=Skermanella stibiiresistens SB22,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlvdkvqevfnepgcatnlgksekerkkgctkalkpgaaaggcafdgakialqpiadaahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgsksshsqlyrtgfttdlseldvihgaekklfkaikeivlkydppavfvyqtcvpaligddveavckfaadklgkpiipvnapgfvgsknlgnklagetlldhvigtrepevttpydiniigeynlagefwlvkplldkmgvrilsmisgdgkynevatahrakvnmlvcsqaliniarkmeerygipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrnianllvergaptdlitrteaiireeearawrrlapykerlagkrvllftggvkswsmvsalegagleiigtsvkkstkedkerikkmkgeefhmweelkpsdiarmlrdseadimlsggrsqfialkakvpwldvnqerhvgfagydgivalveeidktlgnpiwrqvrsaapwe
>Desulfobacca_acetoxidans_DSM_11109  coded_by=434086..435435,organism=Desulfobacca acetoxidans DSM 11109,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepaifseradqihrvgeqpfrmacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqetdvifggekklyralvelidrhhpeaafvystcivgiigddlegickkvsrekglpvipvqsegfkgnkragyhaacqaifrlvgtgstegisphslnilgdfnlageiwiirdyfkrmglevvanitgdgrvgdlqrahgaalnvvqcsgatmdlakmmqqkygipfirvsyfgvedmaeslynvarffkepgimtrtrevvreelislypqlqkyrkalsgkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrllgmqvvlvgsqtgteedyreleeitddgtiivddsnpleltsflkekkvdifvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkeplegfigmlyfarevyntvmspvwrflprrsash
>Nitrospira_bacterium_SG8_35_1  coded_by=1997..3637,organism=Nitrospira bacterium SG8_35_1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mvtaskeklvqwdptdvkeellkkyppkvarkrakqilinealenetpeiqanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtdagpdgenymtycfstdmqdsdiifggekklekaiqeaydlfhpksiavfatcpvgligddihtvtrnmkeklgdcnvyafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfrhivgendevkpgkykinllgeyniggdgfeidrilkkcgitniatfsgnstydqfasahtadlnavmchrsinyvadmletkygipwikvnfiganatakslrkiaqyfghkaliekvekviaeempeveaiakdvrtrtegktammfvggsrahhyqelfnemgmktisagyefahrddyegrhvipnlkvdadsrnieeieveadetrykprksakqmkalektgfkfkdyegllpdmdqgtmviddlnqyeaeklvemmkpdifcagikekysiqklgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgainfykeidrlvnsrvwsymqapwqknpqlsasynwe
>Alkaliphilus_metalliredigens_QYMF  coded_by=complement(3600341..3601714),organism=Alkaliphilus metalliredigens QYMF,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metlknvealeerknsiveksqkhteqkivcdqnsvagavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytfdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlrekdiifggekkleaaideivaennprlifiystcvvgvigddiegicrmaeekyhirvipvqssgfagnknagykaachtllslmgeeapgekedginflgdfnlagemwinqsyfqrmgvtltskmtgdasytelvkapkaklnivqcagsmtylakqmrerydipfinvsfygledtvaslrriayalkdqkiirkteeliesewkktnevldyyrervkgrkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfrdlgmetvmvgtqtgraeeyetirelavdgtvilddsnptelekfmkekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplngfegainfakeihasvnnpvwdiikkeqgdidek
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7425  coded_by=4883887..4885275,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7425,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkitqgkinellsesacehnhkkegkgkhksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssnaqlykmgfttdltendvifggekrlyksilevqhrynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcaaasqktgtpvipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggeallehvvgtaepdyttpydinligeyniagelwnvlplfeklgirvlakitgdatyqevcyahraklnvmicskalinmarkmqekygipyieesfygvadmnnclrhiaeqlgdpelqlkvedliatetahldqqlapyrdrlqgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaandlgidvvatstkkstaedkarikellgkdgimlekgnaqellrviaqtkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyaglvemareleeslyspiwqqvrkpapwdaltkevl
>Treponema_sp._JC4  coded_by=complement(160589..161893),organism=Treponema sp. JC4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
msfvtenprggcvlaginsvlaainhvcpilhsgpgccmqttaaeqgnsghkhayfvsgvslpssnmlekevvfggvnklrttiqgaievinadayfvltgctagiigddiqsvteefteqghkvyaidtpgfagdsllgyetvwntfldkviqpprenvkakrarplvnifgivpyhdpywsgtleeidrilsklgievntfftkhqgidvvehcseadlniiinpwlfngpakkfekkfgvpslrfpfvpvgatdtsrfvrevaaalkldttlvdkviaeeedyvysylaqsigqlswkrfavagdassaigltrylandysfspvlvvitetiyrpedkeriiqnisqleyaaapkivfasdqweinqailnepedisllvgstnekeiglekqiqflnatfplndrlvfnrtyagyrgsltftedlydnl
>Rhizobium_mesoamericanum_STM3625  coded_by=complement(17380..18879),organism=Rhizobium mesoamericanum STM3625,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mpsltakiqdvfnepaceknrskdakarksgcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgsassgpmlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireineayappaifvystcvtaligddieavckrasekfglpvvpvnvpgfvgsknlgnklagetlldhvigtvepddvgsydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvacahrakasmlvcstalinlaremkerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvakganpeilkrtealieeeeaiawkklaayrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqalkdenhmfesmaprelytmladhkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwsevrepapweyqpgaeeelpstqggpetvhakkksapqllasasaeesl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApB8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApB8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepggkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aai2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aai2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepggkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DcE3.5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DcE3.5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepggkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApT2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApT2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepggkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApE4.8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApE4.8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepggkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxlb6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxlb6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepggkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Dehalococcoides_mccartyi_195  coded_by=complement(1057395..1059014),organism=Dehalococcoides mccartyi 195,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mvkesiynpeeikdklvadfpskiarkrakaivvntgtdetpqiaanartvpglitmrgcayagckgvilgptrdvlsithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtrppkpedenfmtyclstdmqeseivfggekklaqaieeayqlfkpktivvhatcpvgligddihqvtraaqeklgikvfgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifkhmvgtdntaspspyrvnllgeyniggdafviedlfarcgfelvstfcgnsdhdsmcrshtaelnlvmchrsinymadmmetkygipwikvnfigaeatakslrkiaryfgdeklieqtervieeempavsearqlyqercrgkkvmlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmevvaagyefahrddyegrrvlpsitvdadsrnieeltvekdperykervspekcaelaangvefkdyagmmpemeagsltidepshhetfrllelykpdlycagvkekyavqktgipclqlhsydyggpfagfegainfykdvdrlvssriwsyleapwqrqtqvkatygi
>Dehalococcoides_mccartyi_CG4  coded_by=complement(965505..967124),organism=Dehalococcoides mccartyi CG4,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mvkesiynpeeikdklvadfpskiarkrakaivvntgtdetpqiaanartvpglitmrgcayagckgvilgptrdvlsithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtrppkpedenfmtyclstdmqeseivfggekklaqaieeayqlfkpktivvhatcpvgligddihqvtraaqeklgikvfgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifkhmvgtdntaspspyrvnllgeyniggdafviedlfarcgfelvstfcgnsdhdsmcrshtaelnlvmchrsinymadmmetkygipwikvnfigaeatakslrkiaryfgdeklieqtervieeempavsearqlyqercrgkkvmlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmevvaagyefahrddyegrrvlpsitvdadsrnieeltvekdperykervspekcaelaangvefkdyagmmpemeagsltidepshhetfrllelykpdlycagvkekyavqktgipclqlhsydyggpfagfegainfykdvdrlvssriwsyleapwqrqtqvkatygi
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlshysdkaakrrkkhlsvskkkreiaqegqvvsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktevkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavidkywqrlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwktvtmpaaagaae
>Phascolarctobacterium_succinatutens_YIT_12067  coded_by=complement(7079..8314),organism=Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens YIT 12067,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mpgvwravaymdgavvvfhspracahvartmdinsqyrtlsenereqwgsvpllssqmqekdaifggvarlekclrfaietykpkclmianscvagvigddvesvareveeeynvpiltveccgflgaeyydgyfeitqkllerfvkpctkqkdsvlllgdnggpwghyakevtrilqefgvevigqfpgymamdelekvaaaeyavvlggrgqthiglrkvaeqlqekygthyladiypvgwqetqdwiisigrilgreqlaqqvlkleqqrlseqlqhflpvtegkktvlcigrilryfhpgnilqtikllrlnitgiilldsydgdereamlkvvqensdvpvyttaegeklvadadivltthelqnkearqiflpmlpqvavageikmmqgiyqslcsrlkggvryv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4250994..4252463),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msinikrieavtrenrlgaitgytgtvkdlvkkaktgclknkercfsqatncssgcaqgylsrimdaaivnhgargcsadvigentnflwgqnirdlekrnvnvintnmteettvfgglkklregireayrrfhpkaifittscasaiigddvksiadeieveinipvvpvfcegfrskiwasgfdsafhalltrivkppkekhpeiinmltfngsgrdyvieilsnfglvpkfgvpfstieeistmsesaatisicgtlgsyfgngleqkygvpyvrslqphgiagmdnwlrglgkvvgkeeeveeyikrekekiapeleeirgklkgktavvgmgpsfshnyirvlgelgikviwgaswhfdqeydhgsipestielsekeydtpisvcdqqnfeilnllnklkpdlylsrhpgttvwptkmgipsvmvadefsafgyrgiidlgyriidalannnlalslskrvklpytswwlqqdtfkfleeevk
>Allochromatium_vinosum_DSM_180  coded_by=complement(2158045..2159505),organism=Allochromatium vinosum DSM 180,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matltrdeaqaliqevleaypdkakkdrakhlavndpsveqskkciisnrksqpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgaysragrrnyyvghtgvnvfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideinalfplvkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkgkeldkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvignrdgdtsfepgpydvavigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrfmeekygipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffdetiqanaekviekykaeydaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtmkemgeatllyddvtgyefeefvkkvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtvnnpcwnsmqapwlksaaga
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=60478..61833,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase
mlgklnsneqtnsivhpryacaigaaytvaaihkgiplvhcgpgcvdkqyfmlsynngyqgggysgasvipsvnagenevvfggakklddlikssfkimdgdlfvvlsgcigelvgddvgsivkkyqkkgypivfaetggfkgnnligheivteaiidqfvgdyegekekglinlwtevpyfntywrgdfieikrilegagfkvnvlfgseskgveewknipkaqfnlvlspwvgvktakhleekynqpylhipiipigaeettkfirqvvdfaginketaeefikkeedryyyfldhfsdffsefwfglpskyavvgdsaynialnkflvnqlglipvkqiitdnppekyrqaiqeeyknlakdvstevefiedgyiiekklresdfgsstpiifasawerdvvkelkgliveascpatfevvvnksyigytgaltllekiyttsisngl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=870390..871745,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlgklnsneqtnsivhpryacaigaaytvaaihkgiplvhcgpgcvdkqyfmlsynngyqgggysgasvipsvnagenevvfggakklddlikssfkimdgdlfvvlsgcigelvgddvgsivkkyqkkgypivfaetggfkgnnligheivteaiidqfvgdyegekekglinlwtevpyfntywrgdfieikrilegagfkvnvlfgseskgveewknipkaqfnlvlspwvgvktakhleekynqpylhipiipigaeettkfirqvvdfaginketaeefikkeedryyyfldhfsdffsefwfglpskyavvgdsaynialnkflvnqlglipvkqiitdnppekyrqaiqeeyknlakdvstevefiedgyiiekklresdfgsstpiifasawerdvvkelkgliveascpatfevvvnksyigytgaltllekiyttsisngl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2553759..2555114),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta subunit
mlgklnsneqtnsivhpryacaigaaytvaaihkgiplvhcgpgcvdkqyfmlsynngyqgggysgasvipsvnagenevvfggakklddlikssfkimdgdlfvvlsgcigelvgddvgsivkkyqkkgypivfaetggfkgnnligheivteaiidqfvgdyegekekglinlwtevpyfntywrgdfieikrilegagfkvnvlfgseskgveewknipkaqfnlvlspwvgvktakhleekynqpylhipiipigaeettkfirqvvdfaginketaeefikkeedryyyfldhfsdffsefwfglpskyavvgdsaynialnkflvnqlglipvkqiitdnppekyrqaiqeeyknlakdvstevefiedgyiiekklresdfgsstpiifasawerdvvkelkgliveascpatfevvvnksyigytgaltllekiyttsisngl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2553551..2554906),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta subunit
mlgklnsneqtnsivhpryacaigaaytvaaihkgiplvhcgpgcvdkqyfmlsynngyqgggysgasvipsvnagenevvfggakklddlikssfkimdgdlfvvlsgcigelvgddvgsivkkyqkkgypivfaetggfkgnnligheivteaiidqfvgdyegekekglinlwtevpyfntywrgdfieikrilegagfkvnvlfgseskgveewknipkaqfnlvlspwvgvktakhleekynqpylhipiipigaeettkfirqvvdfaginketaeefikkeedryyyfldhfsdffsefwfglpskyavvgdsaynialnkflvnqlglipvkqiitdnppekyrqaiqeeyknlakdvstevefiedgyiiekklresdfgsstpiifasawerdvvkelkgliveascpatfevvvnksyigytgaltllekiyttsisngl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1419743..1421098,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlgklnsneqtnsivhpryacaigaaytvaaihkgiplvhcgpgcvdkqyfmlsynngyqgggysgasvipsvnagenevvfggakklddlikssfkimdgdlfvvlsgcigelvgddvgsivkkyqkkgypivfaetggfkgnnligheivteaiidqfvgdyegekekglinlwtevpyfntywrgdfieikrilegagfkvnvlfgseskgveewknipkaqfnlvlspwvgvktakhleekynqpylhipiipigaeettkfirqvvdfaginketaeefikkeedryyyfldhfsdffsefwfglpskyavvgdsaynialnkflvnqlglipvkqiitdnppekyrqaiqeeyknlakdvstevefiedgyiiekklresdfgsstpiifasawerdvvkelkgliveascpatfevvvnksyigytgaltllekiyttsisngl
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_8502  coded_by=complement(3390..4808),organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 8502,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkltkgkindlltqpgcehnqnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekrlykaisklvkkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqaatnkygnpvipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepkyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkaginvlakitgdaryeevcyshraklnvmicskalinmatamkesynipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaqffgdqalierveqiieeetvklnvalapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrviektnadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwkqvrkpspwelwqqehesllnleaege
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_8501  coded_by=18421..19839,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 8501,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltkgkindlltqpgcehnqnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekrlykaisklvkkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqaatnkygnpvipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepkyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkaginvlakitgdaryeevcyshraklnvmicskalinmatamkesynipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaqffgdqalierveqiieeetvklnvalapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrviektnadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwkqvrkpspwelwqqehesllnleaege
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0401  coded_by=complement(11520..12938),organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0401,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkltkgkindlltqpgcehnqnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekrlykaisklvkkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqaatnkygnpvipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepkyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkaginvlakitgdaryeevcyshraklnvmicskalinmatamkesynipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaqffgdqalierveqiieeetvklnvalapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrviektnadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwkqvrkpspwelwqqehesllnleaege
>Clostridium_papyrosolvens_DSM_2782  coded_by=84449..86041,organism=Clostridium papyrosolvens DSM 2782,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mnvrnivldkysakvyknrkehimelteetkeqpiaansrtvpgiitnrgccyagckgvvlgplkdvlvlthgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaktedgrnfieycfstdlqepdivfggekklrqaikeaveifkpkcimicstcpvgligddihavateteqlygiscmafscegykgvsqsgghhianntimkkiigtndtppknkysvnllgeyniggdgweverimkrigydvisvftgdgsfeaiknshmanlnlvqchrsinyiaemmktkygvdwikvnfigikstiqslrdmaayfgdkelaerteeviddelaniaeekeyyysklkgktaalyvggsrshhyqlllsdfgvstvlagyefahrddyegreviptikedadskniehlnvekddkkyhayltdeqyemlkskipledytgmirhmengsiivddlnqfetdeflkllkpdiffsgikdkyslqksgvlarqlhsydysgpysgfrgsvnfarditmglytpawgfvtppwknrstlkaslaggee
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=1992..3449,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mgldieankklvedileaypdkakkdrkkhfqinteetkqscscslksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkkleiicreikemfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavskkmakelempvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgkadlaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkakmnlihchrsmnymvehmekaygipwmeynffgptktyeslraiaakfdatiqencekviakykpqmdaiigkyrprlegkkvmlligglrsrhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyektfpdmkegsiimddptayeleelaqklnidlmgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnnpvwslidkkekvqpegasv
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=complement(3532045..3533502),organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgldieankklvedileaypdkakkdrkkhfqinteetkqscscslksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkkleiicreikemfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavskkmakelempvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgkadlaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkakmnlihchrsmnymvehmekaygipwmeynffgptktyeslraiaakfdatiqencekviakykpqmdaiigkyrprlegkkvmlligglrsrhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyektfpdmkegsiimddptayeleelaqklnidlmgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnnpvwslidkkekvqpegasv
>Selenomonas_sputigena_ATCC_35185  coded_by=complement(1358181..1359482),organism=Selenomonas sputigena ATCC 35185,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mgteakrvvmrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvifhsprpcahiahgmdvgsfhrlraagtkvrlspvplltsslsdaeaifggedclrecirfaaekyqpqaifianscvsgvigddtcavaeemeqelglpvsavsahgfldgeyyagyldaarvlvdrfmkpaerragsvvllgdcggvhgeyvkelcrllgilslrvegqfpsylalsemdvvpaaellivlgrrsdekqallvdlarhiherfgtpyladvyavgseetkewlravgrlcgrereaeeairaeeaafqravdevrptlaerrvtfaigrdldwfqpkiimrllkkagvelagvvlldsflpgrrevmeeevarltdapiahegsreaealfkaadfvlttheltdarlrqiflalmpsvgwsmekkllrdmvhivcrhesrggliyg
>Marinobacterium_sp._AK27  coded_by=24461..25942,organism=Marinobacterium sp. AK27,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
msvmsreetealinevlevypakakkdrakhltvndheveqskkcitsnkkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysrngrrnyyigttginafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklleevetlfplnkgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkatattgktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwaldkrdddnsfqttpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptktdeslrkiasffdesiqkkaeeviakykaeynaviekfkprlegkkvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikemgnatliyddvtgyefeefvkkvkpdligsgvkekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwkaeaaeeaavaasa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS3_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS3_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwlfdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwlfdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Leptolyngbya_sp._PCC_7375  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 7375,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmgspfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=2061237..2062652,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlqeklqdvfnepgcstnqaksekerkkgcskalkpgaaaggcaydgamialqpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswdnrgtkssgsqlyrtgfttdmseldiihggekklykaikeivqqydppavfvyqtcvpamigddieavckfaakklgkpvipvmapgfvgsknlgnklagetlldhvigtvepevttptdicivgeynlagelwlvkplldeigirilscisgdgrynevaqahrarltmvvcsqalvnvgrkmqerwgipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrtmarmlvergadkaiidrtegviareesrvwrrlepykprfdgkrvllftggvkswsmvtalegagltivgtstkkstkedkerikkmkgeefhqwddlkprdiykmlrdseadimmsggrsqfialkakvpwldlnqerhtpyagydgivnlceeidktlsnpiwrqvrlaapwdlkpdarpdakpvga
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=2378761..2380176,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlqeklqdvfnepgcstnqaksekerkkgcskalkpgaaaggcaydgamialqpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswdnrgtkssgsqlyrtgfttdmseldiihggekklykaikeivqqydppavfvyqtcvpamigddieavckfaakklgkpvipvmapgfvgsknlgnklagetlldhvigtvepevttptdicivgeynlagelwlvkplldeigirilscisgdgrynevaqahrarltmvvcsqalvnvgrkmqerwgipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrtmarmlvergadkaiidrtegviareesrvwrrlepykprfdgkrvllftggvkswsmvtalegagltivgtstkkstkedkerikkmkgeefhqwddlkprdiykmlrdseadimmsggrsqfialkakvpwldlnqerhtpyagydgivnlceeidktlsnpiwrqvrlaapwdlkpdarpdakpvga
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_H7-0357  coded_by=3104182..3105549,organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL H7-0357,definition=hypothetical protein
mpkgipnlyiepdcehnrqfakgcaapspgeitkgcvfqgsqavllpisdaahlvhgtsgclqnswsmleagmpggplskfgfsmgltemdiilggqkklfeainyivehyrppcifvyatcitiltaedldtvcrkaeslwsipiiplhnsgltgsgnmgnrqagealfekvigtcdsdprkltpfdinligdhhfskegheieamlskigirvisriagectfselrsahqaklnmlvcsrsmvtlarkmrdsfgipyfegsfcgsreirfslrqlsfhfqdegldkqlhrymrreeerlnkeilrrykslkgkkvvlftdgieswiyisllyelgikiaaigtnqnaqedlsrikerihedtllvvqsdetrilklyrerkadlmivsgrnafvplkeripfmnideeqhggyagydgvrrfaqglmdtleqpiwkiirrrspwevesygqg
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC265A00  coded_by=9136..10626,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC265A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepacennrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpiadvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaakfdlavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigavepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiagahraraammvcstalinlarkmderwdiplfegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkndnhmfeqmaprelyamlserkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagyhgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdcqpavrqelprtknktatlhavqefagttagnfgec
>Paenibacillus_terrae_HPL-003  coded_by=2822501..2823949,organism=Paenibacillus terrae HPL-003,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mssivdkgkqvveeilevypqklkndrtehfeiadeelvncgtcsiksnmksrpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangtlginnftamqitsnfqekdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddigavakkmtgelgipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgrreleecgpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelgiahksklnlihchrsmnymcatmeqeygipwmeynffgptktveslraiaarfdetiqekceqviaqympqmeavirkyrprlegkkvmlligglrarhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyektfpdvkegtilyddptayeleelaqrlnidlmgagvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifardmdmtinspvwsllpsrqtvevsv
>Ruminococcus_albus_SY3  coded_by=108722..110191,organism=Ruminococcus albus SY3,definition=nitrogenase
mskvnlnipeveireirlnsitgfqgtakelvdacsacggkmkdknrsfsqclgcgtsnaactltliqdaaiishgpvgcstclhefaftyrvnaylrqlehptqrkiystnieekdtiyggskkleaairevhkrakpsaifvittcaagiigddvesvtnaaqkelgipvvavfcegfrskmwtsgfdagyhgiarkiikparqkrniinvinfwgsdifrewfaefgyepnyitpfatvdslsysseaaltiqacstlgsylgaaleqqfgvpeirnsppygiaqtdrwfrelgqiigkekeveeflarkkkeympkiealreklkgktayvtagashghsllallkelgmepqgaaifhhdpqydnederadtlrhtvsdygdvpnynvcnkqefelvnvlnrikpdillarhggmtlwgaklgipsllvgdehfgmgyeglvnygeriletiendefvknlakhsanpytkwwldqepytflgk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lmg10066  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lmg10066,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggekklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkdglqskprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Candidatus_Sulfuricurvum_sp._RIFRC-1  coded_by=complement(1326332..1327798),organism=Candidatus Sulfuricurvum sp. RIFRC-1,definition=hypothetical protein
mgpetleakqkaaieeilkaypekaaknrekhlgvgspndenqktcgdvrsnkktvpgvmsqrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihishgpigcgqysragrrnyyigvtgvdtfvtmnfcsdfqennivfggdkklgkcideieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddigavaktkanelnktivpvncegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdyifdaevnvrtddvevteydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdatlkemaltpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmekefgipwieynffgpsqtikslrkiaaffdesiqakceeviakyqpmidqviakykprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefahdddykrtkeeifrstviyddvneyeleafvkklqpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpyrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifaqdmdlainspvwahskapwekeg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C111  coded_by=<1..>762,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C111,definition=NifD
tdvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_str._'Miyazaki_F'  coded_by=3304289..3305923,organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris str. 'Miyazaki F',definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
malkhksipdvatvkeellkkyptkvarkrakqivindvkdgdvvpevqanvrttpgiitmrgctyagckgvilgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtkaplessenfmpyafstdmqdediifggekkliaaiqeaydtfhpkaiaifatcpvgligddihavarkmkeklginifafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifthvvgeddtpklgeykinmlgeyniggdafelervlekcgitlvstfsgnstyehfatahqadlnavmchrsinyvaemmetkygipwikvnfigaessakslrkiaqyfgdkklidrveeviaeempavhaaledvkpftegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlftemgmktiaagyefahrddyegrkvmptikvdadsrnieeievtpdstrfvprksdedlkrlaeagftfkdyegmmpqmesdtlviddlnqyeadkliellkpdvfcagikekfsvqkmgvpmkqlhsydyggpyagfkgavnfyteikrlvtskvwsdlkapweenpelsatyvwe
>Kluyvera_intermedia  coded_by=complement(1760572..1762020),organism=Kluyvera intermedia,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msnatgernleiiqevleifpektrkerrkhmmvtdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcsyagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemeelfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanaskkalnkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeivaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkaikpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawgeltapwlksa
>Clostridium_saccharoperbutylacetonicum_N1-4(HMT)  coded_by=1549890..1551188,organism=Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum N1-4(HMT),definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta subunit NifK
makildqprykcalaamqtvqsidgaipilhagpgcgaklgggagnsghfshnifpctnisekevvfggekklreivenslkvidaelyvvltsctsevigddaeeiarsfrekgkpvifsstpgfkgnnylghewvidaiidqylessdekikglvniwagiplhdpfwlgnlreleklieqlglipntifghdrgiknlkrvpkaefnllvspwlglnnvkkleskfgtpylhypvlpigaaetskflravgefakidkkkveeiiekqekeyyyyierfadvfletrvmakrfvvvsdsqyslaitkflvndlglfpakqyiiddapekyrksiegyfkelnydieaevefsvdgykihdeirntdyhgyplilgsswekkvakqtdahylsiswpinerlvinssyvgyagglkllediysvvltrfn
>Pelobacter_carbinolicus_DSM_2380  coded_by=393337..394689,organism=Pelobacter carbinolicus DSM 2380,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
matkpkirelldesacahnktktagcnktvpgattggcafegsqislfpyadaahlvhgpitcvgaswetrltrtswqgrdmtqmgfttgistndvvfggeeklrqsidyivghyapqavfvystcvtamigddidavcrqaqqdhgipmvpvhapgfvggknlgsrlageavlthligtlepeettpfdinligdynvtgdmwqyapllkelgirilstlsgdgrvarirtahrahlnvlvcakslislprklkekygipfisvsfygkrdtsasilaiaeglgdadliartkqliareearleerlapyreifrgkkavlntggnkswsiasalqdlgievvatsvkkstqvdkekarkylgekgvlmtnpgaeqakiidqtgadlllaggrslytaikkkiafadvnqekkksyggyegllnlaedlknalenpvfknvarrapwek
>Sideroxydans_lithotrophicus_ES-1  coded_by=889528..890934,organism=Sideroxydans lithotrophicus ES-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mqakdiaellnepacthntksksgcarpkpgstaggcsfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgptlyrigmttdlteqdvimgrsekrlfhaikqavdgyapkavfvyntcvpaltgddigavckaaaekcgvpvvpvdcagfygtknlgnriageamfkyvvgtaeplpvpagaqrpgitvhdvnligeyniagefwnvlplfdelglrilctlsgdarfhdvqtmhraeanmvvcakallnvarklqtdykipffegsfygvtdtsmafrefakllndpqlsertealivreeakinvaldpwreklrgkrvllytggvkswsivsalqdlglevvatgtsksteedkarireimgektkmitdgspkallgvvkeyqadiliaggrnmytalkakipfldinqerefgyegysgmielarqlaltlqspvwqsvrkpapwaksgvpgvelga
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkgiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmh
>Nostoc_sp._'Peltigera_dolichorhiza_(MagainSerusiaux1109_DNA2289(LG))_cyanobiont'  coded_by=<1..1336,organism=Nostoc sp. 'Peltigera dolichorhiza (MagainSerusiaux1109_DNA2289(LG)) cyanobiont',definition=vnfN
ltfxncxhxkdpxvgcaxegiaxxvagikdvsiviqspqgcastvaagydahevdftkrkvgctrlfesdivmgasdklkgmikeadqsfdskvmfvvgtcaadiigediaglcnqlqpdikaklvplmaggfrgnaydglemgmdallpfikkrqtxrrgrkprivniiapqanlnptwwadlewvkktlkslrikvqtvfshdtsfeeleqagqatanivlshdvgykfarkmqqthdiplilddiplpvgvnntsrwlkalaahfkieekvvepxikqgeeivvdtlrkralmiipryrncriavsadgtlgiglvrmlfeelemipevllfrsampdsrsilerelhslglnsrvifsadgyqvkqtleefdvdavigsawekymaqelgikiafdvfsptnretyvdkpyfgyegminmmeviandwdrafrskeihwt
>Bradyrhizobium_retamae  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium retamae,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvmpeskpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrq
>Xenococcus_sp._PCC_7305  coded_by=10156..11532,organism=Xenococcus sp. PCC 7305,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtkakiadllnepgcehnhkkgqqgknkactqqakpgaaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgattykmgfttdisendiifggekklykaisqvikrydppavfvystcvtaligddldavceaatdkfatpiipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlageslldyvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagelwgvlplfekvgirvlskitgdatfeelryahraklnvmicskalinmgrkmeerygipyieesfygvadmnrclrniaqkigdealqqrvetviaeetvkldltlapyrdrlkdkrmvlytggvkswsvvsaaqdlgmkvvatstkksteedkakirkllgkdgielakgnakellqvikktkadmlvaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhkpyagyvgliemakefdralqspiwqqvrqpapwekvmsk
>Roseiflexus_castenholzii_DSM_13941  coded_by=complement(5241749..5243179),organism=Roseiflexus castenholzii DSM 13941,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mqfkcnqtlperaihialkgpdgkcqrgdgtgcfiannvattpgdmtergctyagcrgvvggpvkdaiqlthgpigcaffswgyrphladsdfhmkytfvsdmnetnivfggekkllqsiieasaefpdakavfvyntcstaligddgrdvakqaeaiigkpvvffecegfrgvsqsmghhvgnetifrqlvgsiepegdfsrsiniigdynikndirtfeylfealglqiiarftgnvsvddlkimhkaalnivhcqrsatyiadmmkekygtpsinvtlwgirnmaqalraaaaffgletraeeviahevtriqpyidayrqrlhgkrvfiyqggprvwhwiellrelgmetetaattfghtddyekifnqipegalvidnpnvpeieeilnrrrpdlfisgnkerylayklgvpfvnghtydtgpyagfvgmvnfardidkalhapvwnilhqrarpapathhaahgfeeves
>Heliobacterium_gestii  coded_by=2868..>3738,organism=Heliobacterium gestii,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
maeqqdqkgcatremvdevlaaypdkaqkmrakhitvkeegcascsirsnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvfgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnlaegtlgvdnfvpfqftsdfsegdivyggdkkleqlcrevkelfptvkgisvmsecpvgligddiesvskrmskelgipivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdhllakkerpdpgpydvsligdyniggdawasikileemglkvrntwtgdstiemlqtahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhmeeeygi
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._mimosae_str._Mim1  coded_by=complement(334162..335664),organism=Rhizobium etli bv. mimosae str. Mim1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein alpha chain NifD
msldyendsvlhekliaevlaqypdktakrrkkhlsvatsggepgdeskalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgrtgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvmdeieelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleeaglrvvgnwsgdatlseverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslrniakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavidkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkrkaappeavaae
>Phaeospirillum_molischianum_DSM_120  coded_by=47080..48534,organism=Phaeospirillum molischianum DSM 120,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msldnindtaanealikevldqypekaakkrarhlgtvktdaegnptcgvksniksvpgvmtvrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpigcgqyswsqrrnyftgtvgidsfvtmqvtsdfqerdivfggdknldkmidelevlfplnngisilsecpigligddieavskkkgkelgkkvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkgipewegtpydvnliadyniggdawpsrklleeiglrvigswsgdatlaeierapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekyeipwveynffgptqiaaslrkiaaqfdetiqanaekviakyqplvdgvlarfkprlegktvmlyvgglrprhtatayddlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghylkegtliyddvsefelekfieklrpdlvgsgikekystqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnapiwsklkapwkaa
>Rhizobium_gallicum_bv._gallicum_R602  coded_by=261123..262613,organism=Rhizobium gallicum bv. gallicum R602,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpsltakiqdvfnepaceknrskdskarksgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassgpmlwrtsfttdlteldvvmaqgerklfkaireikeayappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddvgaydinvlgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvasahrarasmlvcstalinlarqmeerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvtkgahpeilkrtealiaqeeaiawqklaayrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvlhalmeigvemvgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkdenhmfesmaprelynmladhkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhayagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwsevrepapwerqpdveeelpsmqgetetvyafqkfvgttadgfgkc
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_3  coded_by=complement(3539958..3541556),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 3,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeidsgtedkqelvdnmlkvlpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsaeqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagskgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcayftwgtrrnlakaeegednflnysfctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpkaisisatcpvgligddiesvakqaekeygikvipsrcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligteelenptpfdinvfgeyniggdfweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhkiaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekyglpwlkvnyigtkgtekslqkmaeffddpeltrkteeiiaeekakykdeieryrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikekalgsiledvhyerdenikpavsperieelkkkiglmeyeglfpeardgtividdlnhheteilvktlkpdvfcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfakdidmalhsptwrfirppwkaaevd
>Kosakonia_radicincitans_DSM_16656  coded_by=complement(539721..541094),organism=Kosakonia radicincitans DSM 16656,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllplsdvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsfssgptinrlgfttdlseqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivnryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaetatgvpviavdvagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkkviggrepapwpedtpfapahrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfseiqtlhraqvnmlvcsralinvarsleqrygtpwfegsfygvratsdalrqlaaltgdrdlmqrteqliareeqrteqalaplrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmevvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgtdalmldegnarslldvvyryqadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrgivtlaeqlcltmespvwpqthsrapwq
>Selenomonas_sp._FOBRC6  coded_by=complement(22430..23737),organism=Selenomonas sp. FOBRC6,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
maikvkragvrraqcscsmpavwwalsyargalvifhsprscahvvrekdvgsfhrlvgagtyappspvplltsgigegdavfgaaerlracvryavekyhphavfiggscvsgiigddtravakemeeeldlpvvavptsgfldnesfdgylsvarvltdrfmhpparvrqgtvaflgdyggfyssyvqelkrllegiglqltvqfptytpldeiqavseaellivlgssmsdekqemlvafaeelhtrfgtpyfaeafaggaeetahwlrcigarcgraseaeevirreeeaferilvraremldgrrtvlvvgrelhwlqpeillrliekagvrlagiillalfteeqrtaveeglrqctdvpilaveepaseellrsvdfvftthelvdvelrqillgklptvgwamerqliedmehvlyrhtdrggliyg
>Arcobacter_sp._L  coded_by=complement(28576..30033),organism=Arcobacter sp. L,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit
mgpetleslqkealaevlesypekvkksrakhlgidspetskgscdttksnkqtvpgvmsqrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpigcgqysrggrrnyyigttgidtfvtmnfstdfnekdivfggdkklkkalaeidelfplnngisiqsecpigligddihavakvykkesgtqtiavscegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdyimpdnsykkdfestpydvsiigdyniggdawstriileemglrviaqwsgdatykelaiapkaklnllhcyrsmnyiarhmeqefnipwmeynffgpsktteslrkiasffdesiqekteaviakytamtdaviakyrpmlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefahgddykrtkdeierstliyddaneyeleafvkklrpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydafaifardmdlainspvwnhtkapwekea
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(243610..245091),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase
mskvnlkepkvvirevrlgsitgfegtacklvqcsrsgklkdsvrsfsqcmgcsslnafcqlsmitdaavinhapvgcsgdfftfnfvyrvgqmernlppamgryfntnieekdtifgatqkleetirevfcrirteaifittscasgiigddveavanhlsqelgipvvacfcegfrskiwttgfdsayhsivrkivkppqkksnkvniinfwgshvfdelleklgyeaeyivpfstvsqleriseaaatievcptlgtylgaaleqiygvpeiksppayglagtdnwmrelgrvldreaeieniikqehekvlpqiekyrsklkgktayitagaahghalisllkdlglevrgaaifhhdpvydngdvtsdvlahsvdtygdvenysvcskqayelvnilnrvkpdimiarhggitlwgakfgiptllvgdeqfsfgyqgilnyaeriletldnrefvtnlakhstmpytkwwleqdpfsflgvnervefy
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=48769..50250,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase
mskvnlkepkvvirevrlgsitgfegtacklvqcsrsgklkdsvrsfsqcmgcsslnafcqlsmitdaavinhapvgcsgdfftfnfvyrvgqmernlppamgryfntnieekdtifgatqkleetirevfcrirteaifittscasgiigddveavanhlsqelgipvvacfcegfrskiwttgfdsayhsivrkivkppqkksnkvniinfwgshvfdelleklgyeaeyivpfstvsqleriseaaatievcptlgtylgaaleqiygvpeiksppayglagtdnwmrelgrvldreaeieniikqehekvlpqiekyrsklkgktayitagaahghalisllkdlglevrgaaifhhdpvydngdvtsdvlahsvdtygdvenysvcskqayelvnilnrvkpdimiarhggitlwgakfgiptllvgdeqfsfgyqgilnyaeriletldnrefvtnlakhstmpytkwwleqdpfsflgvnervefy
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>797,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
aphvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipl
>Paenibacillus_polymyxa  coded_by=complement(1514857..1516305),organism=Paenibacillus polymyxa,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msnivdkgkqiveeilevypkkakkdrtkhfeiadeelvncgtcsiksnmksrpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangilgidnftamqitsnfqekdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgitvqsecpvgligddigavakkmteelgvpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgrrelkecgpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelgiahksklnlihcyrsmnymcttmeqeygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaarfdetiqkkceqviaqympqmeavirkyrprlegkkvmlligglrarhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyaktvpdvkegtilyddptayeleelaqrlnidlmgagvkekyvyqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifardmdmtlnspvwsllpsrqtaevsv
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_C2J  coded_by=4151154..4152266,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae C2J,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mgasdklkelirevdskfktraifvigtcaadiigedleglcrnlqsqinakliplmaggfrgdsyagidlglnalfpfikkqtekipnsvnmispqanlnptwwadlewvrevldkigikvlavlphetsleelenaglasanillshdagykfglkmqevhdiplilsdiplpvglkntaiwlravgkyfgveeqvetiirdgeymtidalrrrglmmiqryrncrvavsadatlgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrssmpdsqlllenelkdmgisprvvfsadgyqvkqslmdsnvdavfgssweyymaeelgikfafdvfnptnrvnylnkayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskqinweeyl
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdttliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Methanothermobacter_thermautotrophicus_str._Delta_H  coded_by=1428437..1429846,organism=Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus str. Delta H,definition=nitrogenase NifD subunit
mpfklfdvdaeiperkkhvyikkkedpeedlplcntktipgcmtergcafagakgvitgaikdalhvihspvgctaygygtkryptsqempdgslfpienfnlkyitgtnltetdvvfggmdklkrciieaakefpeanavytyatcttgligddieavsrevseeigkdvvainapgfagptqskghqvanytlfenlvgtaeppvvtdydvnligeynidgdlwvlkryfeemginvlstftgdcchdeikwmhraklslvrcqrsatyiarlleerynvpymkvdffgieyckrnlmatgeyfgiperaeevikdrmekigpeieylrnklagkkvwvfsggpknwhlprpledelgmevvavstmfehedgyekikkrvgentvivddpnsleleeiiekyrpdiilsgikekylahklgvpcvlihsyengpyigfegflnlardmyasiyspvwdllefeagd
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhleekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_123  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 123,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_6  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Methylobacterium_sp._4-46  coded_by=3947948..3949459,organism=Methylobacterium sp. 4-46,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlkdkiadvfnepgceknqakgakerkkgctkpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgagssgsdlwrrsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklyravreiartyappaifvystcvtaligddieavcakasetcglpvipvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddvgptdinilgefnlagefwavrplferlgiriracipgdaryrevaaahtaratmmecstalinlarkmeerwgipffegsfygisdtsdalrqtarllvgrgapsdlldrtealiaeeearawarleafrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvaalmeigveivgtsvkkstaedkerikqllkdenhmfesmaprdlyaklasheadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerhvayagydgmvelvrridlalsnpiwadlrdpapwdaegrltaagaapraepgrdpaadptflahhrrkfagagaddmaec
>Ectothiorhodospira_sp._PHS-1  coded_by=36122..37582,organism=Ectothiorhodospira sp. PHS-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mkreeaealiqevlevypekarkdrakhlavsdpnveqakkcivsnrksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytghtginafgtmnftsdfqekdivfsgdkkleklideiqtlfplhkgisiqsecpvgligddiesvskkrakeldkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvlpnrdddtsfestpydvaltgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiselelapkakvnllhcyrsmnylarhmeekygipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaalfdekiqegaerviakytsemntiiekyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevvgagyefahnddydrtikdlgegtllyddvtgyeleefvkrvrpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwdklqapwkkaaaaakaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._16.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 16.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._16.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 16.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._16.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 16.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._13.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 13.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._13.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 13.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12.7  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12.7,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12.6  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12.6,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._10.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 10.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._10.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 10.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._10.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 10.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._9.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 9.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR312  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR312,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkaideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkatpesqptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR218  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR218,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkaideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkatpesqptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51472  coded_by=207531..208973,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51472,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matvednkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegeadcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiideieelfplnggvsvqsecpvgligddiesvartksketgksvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfptadkenaekgfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtltemkatpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaaslreiasrfdekiqakaeeviekyrkqseeiiakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrttgyvedatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligtpwnk
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=12623..14065,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=nitrogen fixation protein D
matvednkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegeadcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiideieelfplnggvsvqsecpvgligddiesvartksketgksvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfptadkenaekgfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtltemkatpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaaslreiasrfdekiqakaeeviekyrkqseeiiakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrttgyvedatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligtpwnk
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=dinitrogenase alpha-subunit
matvednkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegeadcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiideieelfplnggvsvqsecpvgligddiesvartksketgksvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfptadkenaekgfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtltemkatpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaaslreiasrfdekiqakaeeviekyrkqseeiiakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrttgyvedatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligtpwnk
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=566929..568371,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matvednkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegeadcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiideieelfplnggvsvqsecpvgligddiesvartksketgksvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfptadkenaekgfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtltemkatpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaaslreiasrfdekiqakaeeviekyrkqseeiiakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrttgyvedatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligtpwnk
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7424  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7424,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Oscillatoria_sancta_PCC_7515  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Oscillatoria sancta PCC 7515,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Lyngbya_aestuarii_PCC_7419  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Lyngbya aestuarii PCC 7419,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Synechococcus_sp._PCC_7335  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Synechococcus sp. PCC 7335,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Pseudanabaena_sp._PCC_6802  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Pseudanabaena sp. PCC 6802,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Gloeothece_membranacea_PCC_6501  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Gloeothece membranacea PCC 6501,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Nodosilinea_nodulosa_PCC_7104  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Nodosilinea nodulosa PCC 7104,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Thermocrinis_albus_DSM_14484  coded_by=420999..422357,organism=Thermocrinis albus DSM 14484,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrnleefftepacginkskgdkekkvgcskpkpgsasggcafdgaqitllpiadavhivhgpiacagnswdnrgtrssspityyrmgfttdlseidvihggenklymaikeavekynppavfvyqtcvpamigddiqaicnkaskdfnipvvpvdspgfvgsknlgnklagdalfryvigtkepeyttpydvnllgeyniagelwqvlpllqeagfrilacitgdsryndiatahrakvnmvvcskallnlarrmeekygipyfegsfygikdtsdalrnmalligdkdlierveklievkeaetkeklkpyieklkgkkvlintggvkswsmvaqvqelgmevvgtsakkstegdkgrmlellgdekkliddpnpkelikimrsenvdlllaggrskfvafkegipfldvnqerirgyagyegmlllaedivrtlenpvwnlrrrkapwqe
>Wolinella_succinogenes  coded_by=complement(283942..285288),organism=Wolinella succinogenes,definition=NIFEN2
mmdkkvvkellnesacahsaskksacnrpkpgnasggcafegsqislfpydeaihlvhspstclgaswgtretpssanrgftkmgfctdisehdvifggerklkesleylitryvpkaafvyetcvcamigddtpkvckeaeerfgipvilvraagfvgsknlgsriageelleqligrkepetltpydinligeynvtgdmwrykplldelgirvlgalsgdgridsimqahraklnvlvcakslvslarkmeerygipyisasfygmressrsllsivkalgdveliekaktliereerkcvknlepympillgkkavlntggnkawsiasalqdlgvevvatsvrkcteddkarcrellgegavlmenpgaeqykvleekgadmllaggrslygaikrkvafvdvnqekhtsygayeglvafakdlshslcnpvfklvsqkapwe
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_4166  coded_by=1444933..1446354,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 4166,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkakdiaelldepacthnkkeksgcakptpgatdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgtqlyrigmttdlseqdvimgraekrlfhairqavesyappavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaasehfatpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriagdamvkhvigtrepdplpagaeragirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqerfgtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarligdadlavrtealiareeakiraalepwrerlagkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlsmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnprallrtveeyradiliaggrnmytalkgripfldinqerefgyagydgmrelvrqlcltlespvwpavrqpapwerpvapaeaqpraltna
>Methanococcus_aeolicus_Nankai-3  coded_by=complement(529109..530317),organism=Methanococcus aeolicus Nankai-3,definition=Nitrogenase
meplqgcrmigairafngildgysilhsppgchsgvmmlevlqdnsdwriavsgmhqrdlvygaenkcllaikkvyetikpnfivamdccssgilgedlesivnlakdeidkdiiyfsgagyhslaysgydealkslvqfmeqketipnsinligikiddfkakedieeirriccnagvninsiltcdtfdaiknapnaelnvvfgdgiklaelmkkkfdipyvvvdypyglngtleflnslnehvnvdfefveeekkkiiktvekvqfylkgfygmssavvgdykafgfakflsdeigfdidtlgvskfyninskikeikdivenividdrkeledkimennieilfgssyekkmaqnkniplirfsypvvdeislnntplagfrgaptiieriineitka
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_C2J  coded_by=4146328..4147449,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae C2J,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
mfgaekqlkkaimeafqefpeikrmfvyttcttaligdnpkavcrevqeeledvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeitseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqkyldkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyvkvalrkigaffgledkaeeviaeevakyegkldwykerlkgkqiciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrigtiyiddgneleffevldnihadliftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiyspmwklagkdpretdspmwsltekdsgvvqes
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L48C026A00  coded_by=complement(63699..65186),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L48C026A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepaceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmeqrwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlseckadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdcqpavreelpstksetatlhvvqefagttaddfge
>Pseudomonas_azotifigens  coded_by=1769..>3196,organism=Pseudomonas azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase MoFe protein alpha subunit
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndptleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkkaaehettvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfqttpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaeslraiaehfddsikakceeviaryqpeweaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklq
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=complement(1063808..1065310),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraetvigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraetvigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Methanosarcina_sp._Kolksee  coded_by=complement(1759960..1761504),organism=Methanosarcina sp. Kolksee,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
msgtelteneliedridlsratcpnreqranginvwygkasdlakearsgclrqrernfqqssgcvlnfylsvrigtirdavaiyhapvgcssaalgyrelyrhvpvelgrpanydlhwmttnlgerdvvygageklreaikeaerrynpkaifiltsctsgiigediegvvsqvqpeikativpihcegsrsklvqtgydafwhavlkylvkkpekkqkdlinvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkvglrvnfipefasveqfeqlseaavtaplcptytdylarglkqeygvpyflypspmgvahtdewlreigrhtgkereiealikeehekwlpklkairqefenfkgngekvevlgalgqgrllaqvpyfdeiglkssaamcqdfdnlilkdlekllaqmgdfdilvntfqaaeqthitnhrnpdiamtcpfqggafkrdkgvtrvhalrsdahpwstqsgytgaiafgnfllqslkshsyqrtmkektlstykdwwykqpnslyylkaee
>Methanosarcina_vacuolata_Z-761  coded_by=complement(1791825..1793369),organism=Methanosarcina vacuolata Z-761,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
msgtelteneliedridlsratcpnreqranginvwygkasdlakearsgclrqrernfqqssgcvlnfylsvrigtirdavaiyhapvgcssaalgyrelyrhvpvelgrpanydlhwmttnlgerdvvygageklreaikeaerrynpkaifiltsctsgiigediegvvsqvqpeikativpihcegsrsklvqtgydafwhavlkylvkkpekkqkdlinvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkvglrvnfipefasveqfeqlseaavtaplcptytdylarglkqeygvpyflypspmgvahtdewlreigrhtgkereiealikeehekwlpklkairqefenfkgngekvevlgalgqgrllaqvpyfdeiglkssaamcqdfdnlilkdlekllaqmgdfdilvntfqaaeqthitnhrnpdiamtcpfqggafkrdkgvtrvhalrsdahpwstqsgytgaiafgnfllqslkshsyqrtmkektlstykdwwykqpnslyylkaee
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_T4/M  coded_by=3718052..3719449,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae T4/M,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
mkilsgiknavviahgpsgcafgvkqtykltncrnsgspyesvittninekavvyggerelkgsilevdskykpdiifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnrvrpkinakimavhcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesraalassvnivggkmgperteidtdvkelrrliegmganvnaiiagncsleeirrapgvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfdtplnstilpygisaterwlseaakylhmeaeaetlikreyeairvefeeakkhlagklaiveghdaikalsiahmlerdfdmrvviynfhpwstearetsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamlqtenelleylgdmspertvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgymgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvmkkmvfpensglcsaqsltpklaqelpdctiyagkgrgkcmms
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(13215..14588),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglglrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(13066..14439),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglglrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cnp8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cnp8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghfeadgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Thioflavicoccus_mobilis_8321  coded_by=complement(3553302..3554786),organism=Thioflavicoccus mobilis 8321,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matlsreeaqsliqevlevypdkakkdrakhltvndqsveqskkcitsnrksqpgvmtirgcayagsrgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqysrggrrnyyvgltgvnsfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkliseiemlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkgkelgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvlhrrdtdnsfeqtpydvcitgdyniggdiwssrilleeiglrvvaqlpgdgtvsemelipkvklnlihcyrsmnylarhleekygipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaqfdetiqdnaervieryreqyeavvakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikemgdatliydditgyeleefvkrlkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpcwskmqapwlkpaegeaeavaasa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_KOS6  coded_by=complement(47422..48903),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri KOS6,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtamsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndptleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklsklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkkaaehettvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfqttpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaeslraiaehfddsikakcedviaryqpeweaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgsatllyddvtgyefeefvkrvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwqkaeesaekvaaia
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A13  coded_by=<1..>766,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A13,definition=NifD
hlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_lablabi  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium lablabi,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheigksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(2695962..2697434),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mainlnlpeldirdkrlgaiisyngsaqdiyekslersikpqersfsqcgacssscafgivsniigsvvinhapigcasdfataqnnirrgsalrgidtgnfkaistnleekdtiyggsgklreavllakerfnpkvvfvtascasgiigedlesltdnlsketginvvpvycegfkskvwttgfdasghailrkivkksskktnyiniinfqgahvfddllgkldlkprylfpfstieeienisdavatanicetlasyvaaalesefdvpevrapvptgikwtdewlreigrmtnkeerveevikeehekikpklddlraklkgkkiyimagdaivqsyvsaadslglevigavafhhdqaydndyqelntvgnmlkhigdvenycvtnkqpyqftnilkefkpdfvlarhpgiavvinklgipafhladpnmiigydgvvalgekvyeairtqkyvetlakhfespytdwwskqdsftfakggkklg
>Rhodomicrobium_udaipurense_JA643  coded_by=complement(89490..91061),organism=Rhodomicrobium udaipurense JA643,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefeaskciperkqhavikgpgedlshalpkgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkekhivfgaepllkkniheafdafpeikrmtiyqtcataligddidaiaqevmeerpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldffnrmgiqvlstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplsgslrkiglffgiedraeaiiaeetakwkpqldwykerlkgkrvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrcsegalaiddpnelegleaiemlkpdviftgkrpgevakkagvpylnahgyhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspmhqlsnldiskdeiptdngfltrkmlsdatlppevvndpilkqydgkldpipdlraktypvfpkkepapvaae
>Cytophaga_fermentans_DSM_9555_=_JCM_21142  coded_by=complement(24422..25753),organism=Cytophaga fermentans DSM 9555 = JCM 21142,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskyikdrtpqivtigedqhdlacekksaagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgamssgpqlhrlsfstdlrekdvvfggekklysalteliesykpeavfiystcivgvigddveavarrlsnetgvdvlpvmsegfkgtkkdgykaacdalmklvgtddnylppkysinilgdfnlagelwilaeyykrigveiiacltgdgrveqvrkchkaslnvvqcsgsmmhvakemekkydipfkkvsyfgiedmsdalyevaqhfndpelmanartlvseeiaklipalqpyrqklegkkaaiyvggafkaislvkalrllgmqtvvvgsqtgnkddynllqkicdkgtvivddsnpnelsdfvkqtgadlfiggvkerpiayklglgfcdhnherkealagfvgmlnfakevyasvcspvwkfiqk
>Saccharicrinis_fermentans_DSM_9555_=_JCM_21142  coded_by=complement(24422..25753),organism=Saccharicrinis fermentans DSM 9555 = JCM 21142,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mskyikdrtpqivtigedqhdlacekksaagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgamssgpqlhrlsfstdlrekdvvfggekklysalteliesykpeavfiystcivgvigddveavarrlsnetgvdvlpvmsegfkgtkkdgykaacdalmklvgtddnylppkysinilgdfnlagelwilaeyykrigveiiacltgdgrveqvrkchkaslnvvqcsgsmmhvakemekkydipfkkvsyfgiedmsdalyevaqhfndpelmanartlvseeiaklipalqpyrqklegkkaaiyvggafkaislvkalrllgmqtvvvgsqtgnkddynllqkicdkgtvivddsnpnelsdfvkqtgadlfiggvkerpiayklglgfcdhnherkealagfvgmlnfakevyasvcspvwkfiqk
>Desulfovibrio_aespoeensis_Aspo-2  coded_by=1152884..1154521,organism=Desulfovibrio aespoeensis Aspo-2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maktkkavqfnpadikeellkkyppkvarkratqimineaqesetpseivanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdilnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdagetgenympycfstdmqdqdiifggekklaaaieeaydlfhpkgicvfatcpvgligddihavarkmkakfgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfthlvgenqtppageykinllgeyniggdgfeidrvlkkcgitniatfsgnssyeqfasaqhadlsavmchrsinyvadmletkygipwikvnfigagatakslrkigqyfgdkalvdrieaviaeelpvveavaadvktrttgktamlfvggsrahhynelfqemgmktlsagyefghrddyegrevipsltvdadsrnieeieveadeklyrarktpeeikaledagykfkhydglnrdmdkgsiiiddlnqyeaeklvellkpdifcagikekfsiqklgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfykeidrlvsskvwsymkapwqqnpeltatfvwe
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._nevr1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. nevr1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_saccharoperbutylacetonicum_N1-4(HMT)  coded_by=3370574..3372142,organism=Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum N1-4(HMT),definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpkhlfkcsecipergehavikgegedltdalplgylntipgsitergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdndnfqikytfatdvkekniifgaekllkknmieafeafpnikrmtiyqtcgtaligddieavaqevmeekpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinnkvgtyepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdffkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrqrygiprldidgfgfeplsnslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceegalaiddpnelesleavqtlkpdviftgkrpgeyvkklgvpylnahayhngpwkgyegwvrfardiynaiyspmhqlamidiskdeiskenrfltqrlisdaslsedvvssttlreytgkydclvgirdkeyphlessekitdvv
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=complement(3128662..3130143),organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha NifD
mpkvnlnltevpvrekrlgsitgfagtagelvdcsssgclkdgtrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmirdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqmerdlppaigryfntnieemdtvfgalsklektirlaydrvkpnaifvttscasgiigedvesvtdrltkelgipvvncvcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhsivrkivkppqkrtnkvniinfwgsdvfskllnrlgyeanyvvpfstvsqletiseaaatiqicptlgtymgaaleqvygvpeikapmayglagtdawmrelgrvldreaeieeiireeraavlpkleeyraklkgttcyltagsahghaliallselgidvqgaaifhhdpiydnedtsadmldhtvktygdikgynvcnkqayelvnilnrvrpdlmiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdehfswgyqglinyaeriletldnrefvtnlakhssmpytkwwleqdpytflggnthvkty
>Dickeya_dadantii_Ech703  coded_by=556433..557806,organism=Dickeya dadantii Ech703,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsqssgptinrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivsryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddidavcraasvaagvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkqvigsrepapwpddtpfapthrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygvramsealrqlaallddddlmqrteqviareeaaaeralapyrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnartlldvayrygadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrgivtlaqqicltlespiwaqthqrapwq
>Methanosaeta_concilii_GP6  coded_by=complement(53709..54551),organism=Methanosaeta concilii GP6,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis domain protein
mdelkslacekslfdedaahgacaysraisvlnpiadamhvvqgplecatcatyawnargsissqpmlhgkrdkiffdnlglsaqvmrelaaackpqaifvystcmtetmgcdvsevcesaakdlripvipvgsmgfqaetgyeaacnallrligsrsykpispysvnilgdyniagdlwpirsyleelgievisaitgdsrvaeiqrahcadlnlvqcsssigslarrfeeeygipyrnvsflgieetssalrtaaeffenpgiieesermigsvpimm
>Frankia_symbiont_of_Datisca_glomerata  coded_by=complement(3323474..3325024),organism=Frankia symbiont of Datisca glomerata,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maaltkidaavlfdepacdhnrakepkarktgcsrpkpggtaggcafdgamitlvpiadvahvvhgpiacagnswdgrgslssgptlyrrgfatdlgeqdvvfggeqrlydtiveaarrhrppavfvyatcvtamigddvdavcaaaatatgipvvpvhspgfagsknfgnrlagqallehvigtvepafttpydvnlvgeyniagelwdvtpllaklgirvlasvsgdgryadvaaahrakatmvvcsrallslarglqdrygipwfegsfygvramrdtlrgfarvlgdkelswraeeliateeaalatalapyrerlagaravlytggvkswslvaalqdlgvevvasgatksteddvdkitellgedgivvrngtpaellrvvadtqadiliaggrnqytalkgrlpfldvnqerhhafagypgmielarrldlalsspvweqvradapwgdepdptgptgrpggsaasaggtaadavtaavtaadaaagaaagggfedgtddiddsdpevf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR854  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR854,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqpesdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR833  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR833,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqpesdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR204  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR204,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqpesdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_ZM4_=_ATCC_31821  coded_by=1867193..1868668,organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis ZM4 = ATCC 31821,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslneeetifntrlieevleaypakakkrrqkhltvakapdteadpgalsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnfyngttgvdsfvtmqftsdyqekdivfggdkklkkilteidelfplnhgttiqsecpvgligddiesvareqkkisgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiacdvirdwvldqdgnqvpfepspydvnilgdyniggdawssrilleemglrvigswsgdatlaeierapkakmnlihcyrslnyisrymeekhgipwmeynlfgpsqiaaslrkiaenfddkikegaerviakyqpladaviakyrprlegkkvllyvgglrsrhvvnaytdlgmeivatgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddastyelekfieairpdlvgsgikekyavqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspvwgmfkapwktaa
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_ATCC_10988  coded_by=complement(1530842..1532317),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis ATCC 10988,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslneeetifntrlieevleaypakakkrrqkhltvakapdteadpgalsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnfyngttgvdsfvtmqftsdyqekdivfggdkklkkilteidelfplnhgttiqsecpvgligddiesvareqkkisgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiacdvirdwvldqdgnqvpfepspydvnilgdyniggdawssrilleemglrvigswsgdatlaeierapkakmnlihcyrslnyisrymeekhgipwmeynlfgpsqiaaslrkiaenfddkikegaerviakyqpladaviakyrprlegkkvllyvgglrsrhvvnaytdlgmeivatgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddastyelekfieairpdlvgsgikekyavqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspvwgmfkapwktaa
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_str._CP4_=_NRRL_B-14023  coded_by=complement(1518657..1520132),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis str. CP4 = NRRL B-14023,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mslneeetifntrlieevleaypakakkrrqkhltvakapdteadpgalsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnfyngttgvdsfvtmqftsdyqekdivfggdkklkkilteidelfplnhgttiqsecpvgligddiesvareqkkisgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiacdvirdwvldqdgnqvpfepspydvnilgdyniggdawssrilleemglrvigswsgdatlaeierapkakmnlihcyrslnyisrymeekhgipwmeynlfgpsqiaaslrkiaenfddkikegaerviakyqpladaviakyrprlegkkvllyvgglrsrhvvnaytdlgmeivatgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddastyelekfieairpdlvgsgikekyavqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspvwgmfkapwktaa
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_str._CP4_=_NRRL_B-14023  coded_by=complement(1532268..1533743),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis str. CP4 = NRRL B-14023,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mslneeetifntrlieevleaypakakkrrqkhltvakapdteadpgalsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnfyngttgvdsfvtmqftsdyqekdivfggdkklkkilteidelfplnhgttiqsecpvgligddiesvareqkkisgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiacdvirdwvldqdgnqvpfepspydvnilgdyniggdawssrilleemglrvigswsgdatlaeierapkakmnlihcyrslnyisrymeekhgipwmeynlfgpsqiaaslrkiaenfddkikegaerviakyqpladaviakyrprlegkkvllyvgglrsrhvvnaytdlgmeivatgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddastyelekfieairpdlvgsgikekyavqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspvwgmfkapwktaa
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_NRRL_B-12526  coded_by=complement(1531570..1533045),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis NRRL B-12526,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mslneeetifntrlieevleaypakakkrrqkhltvakapdteadpgalsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnfyngttgvdsfvtmqftsdyqekdivfggdkklkkilteidelfplnhgttiqsecpvgligddiesvareqkkisgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiacdvirdwvldqdgnqvpfepspydvnilgdyniggdawssrilleemglrvigswsgdatlaeierapkakmnlihcyrslnyisrymeekhgipwmeynlfgpsqiaaslrkiaenfddkikegaerviakyqpladaviakyrprlegkkvllyvgglrsrhvvnaytdlgmeivatgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddastyelekfieairpdlvgsgikekyavqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspvwgmfkapwktaa
>Geobacter_sp._M21  coded_by=complement(2502134..2503576),organism=Geobacter sp. M21,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mseapikkvegitkestqamidhaleiypekakkkraphlapnegegacvksnrktvpgimsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlvtgvngvsqfamqftsdfqekdivyggdkklktllaeahdlfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinsvakiaskeldipvipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdhiigtrefaepetpydialigdyniggdvwsvkplleeiglnvkavwtgdgelekiaathkvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgptkireslrkiaeyfddsikekvekaiakydpimqavideyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtvnayadlgmtvvgsgyefahgddyertsvempeatviyddaseheleqfvdelrpdlvgsgikekylfqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhayngfpifardvdmavnsptwklvkapf
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=50126..51469,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mydelkfsncnhskdpligcalegvssviagikdvsivihspqgcsstvasafdshevdftkrkvgctrlfesdiilgasekltnlikdadntfntkvmfvvgtcaadiigedikglcdslqseiksklipvfaggfrgnaydgidiglkellnfieksedkiantvniiapqgsinptwwadlnwlkssldflgirvqtiipydisledlkdaskasanillsqdvgykfckkmeeefnvplilndiplpiglentarwlrelgkyfkvekrveklikqgedsvisilrrralmiipryrnckiaisadatmgiglvrmlfkelemipelillrssnsemskildkelkelcinpkvafgvdgyqikealksvyvdsiigsswekyigeevgiklafdnfsptnrdvyvdraymgydgmlnmleiigndwerayrskeidwaesfk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C18  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C18,definition=NifD
getakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeygdktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(100326..101807),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msvinlkasevqtrearlgsitgfagtagelvgcaragtlkesersfsqcmgcssgnafcqfsmiqdaivvnhapvgcagdfftfnfvyrvgqmerdlspvigryfstnieeqdtifgatqkladtirkayervrpnaifittscasgiigddvegvandlseelgipviacfcegfkskiwttgfdaayhsivrklvkppekksnkvnvinfwgskifdellnplgyevdyivpfstvaqlehiseaaatiqicstlgtyigaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdrwmreigrvldsqgeieeviakehervlpkleeyrnklqgktayltagaahghaliallqelgmtvqgaaifhhdpiydngdvvsdalahavntygdvpnynvcnkqayelvnilnkvrpdimiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqlsfgyqgvlnyaerilesldnkefvinlakhstmpytkwwleqdpfsflrsdldvkiy
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=54352..55833,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msvinlkasevqtrearlgsitgfagtagelvgcaragtlkesersfsqcmgcssgnafcqfsmiqdaivvnhapvgcagdfftfnfvyrvgqmerdlspvigryfstnieeqdtifgatqkladtirkayervrpnaifittscasgiigddvegvandlseelgipviacfcegfkskiwttgfdaayhsivrklvkppekksnkvnvinfwgskifdellnplgyevdyivpfstvaqlehiseaaatiqicstlgtyigaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdrwmreigrvldsqgeieeviakehervlpkleeyrnklqgktayltagaahghaliallqelgmtvqgaaifhhdpiydngdvvsdalahavntygdvpnynvcnkqayelvnilnkvrpdimiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqlsfgyqgvlnyaerilesldnkefvinlakhstmpytkwwleqdpfsflrsdldvkiy
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=145050..146531,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msvinlkasevqtrearlgsitgfagtagelvgcaragtlkesersfsqcmgcssgnafcqfsmiqdaivvnhapvgcagdfftfnfvyrvgqmerdlspvigryfstnieeqdtifgatqkladtirkayervrpnaifittscasgiigddvegvandlseelgipviacfcegfkskiwttgfdaayhsivrklvkppekksnkvnvinfwgskifdellnplgyevdyivpfstvaqlehiseaaatiqicstlgtyigaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdrwmreigrvldsqgeieeviakehervlpkleeyrnklqgktayltagaahghaliallqelgmtvqgaaifhhdpiydngdvvsdalahavntygdvpnynvcnkqayelvnilnkvrpdimiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqlsfgyqgvlnyaerilesldnkefvinlakhstmpytkwwleqdpfsflrsdldvkiy
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1590385..1591728,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase associated protein N
mydelefnhcshskdpiigcalegvanviagikdvsiiihspqgcastvatafdkheidftrrkvgctrlfetdiimgaseklagmireadrtfnskvmfivgtcsadiigedidglcremqpeikarlipvmaggfrgdsfagidmgleallplipkqeiklinkvnlilpqsnlnptwqadllwvkevlremgvdvlsvlphnmameeleeaglasanillshdagykfvrkleerhqipfilgdiplpiglsntarwlraagryfgaeekaeeiitrgeklvvetlrkralmiipryrncrvalsadatlgvgmvrmlfeelemipemvllhsgtqearellanelnelglatrvafsvdgyqvkqaiteaktdvvigsawekymaeeagiktsfdllsptnrdvyldrayfgyegmlnmlevfgndwersyrskeinweqfag
>Burkholderia_sp._lig30  coded_by=complement(120721..122235),organism=Burkholderia sp. lig30,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslkakiaevfdepgcdknqgksdkarkkgctkqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgsqlyrtgfttdineldviyggekrlfrsvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckratekfgkpvipvnapgfagpknlgnklggeaildyvigtrepgrttpydiniigeynlsgelwqtkplldalgirvlscisgdgrydeiasahrakvnmmvcsksminiatrmesrygipyfegsfygigdmsdtlrqiatllvrqgadaglierterliaaeearawqriaryrerlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkerikeimgddahmiddmtpremyrmlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqerhhpyagyegivelvheidraihnpvwqqvripapwgddgetlgavavaprdadvpagaapasmplgvhawamglepgvpa
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_B6  coded_by=complement(144770..146338),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus B6,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msealkskiaavlnepgcatnatktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseldivmghgekklyrairevieaeapaavfvyatcvtaligddieavckaatakwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetvtpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgsiagdaryrqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarklqerygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrrmcellvdqgapkdllnrcevliareeakawaalkpfrpkvagrkvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatandrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlrdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgisapmgrapvlvpqqaaaaplapaaapglaamtnsatdfedc
>Methanosarcina_mazei_Go1  coded_by=870843..872459,organism=Methanosarcina mazei Go1,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkemsektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacnalkqlikrpekktvekkpeirseskkpdikhskiekmeikkpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkkaekileaetnrimpeisrvresikgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlnpeplepkktmvesgqekatikeevsekpyskkckglapkpeflhsgqdavvesev
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxfc3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxfc3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrlesdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxfc2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxfc2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrlesdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Frankia_sp._ACN1ag  coded_by=complement(114367..115827),organism=Frankia sp. ACN1ag,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtttpaperaeteamiaevlsqypkkaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyahghlgvdnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpkleqvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavakksskkldipvipvxcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggdsfeqtdydvaligdyniggdawasrrileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerfgtpwtefnffgptkiissmrkiaeffddeikakteaaiaryqvrfdeitkafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtysmlkegtvlyddptafeleefakflkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainspawdlleapwskageva
>Methylomonas_methanica_MC09  coded_by=3418308..3419747,organism=Methylomonas methanica MC09,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkstkdiaelldepacehnkkeksgcakpkpgsaaggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgselyrigmttdlteqdvvmgrsekrlfhaikqaietynppavfiyntcvpalvgddinatcksaaerwgvpvvpidcagfygtknlgnriagdamvnhvigtrdpdplpegterpgikvhdvnlvgeyniagefwhvlplldemglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhkaevnmmvcskamvnvarklqqsygtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarvindpdlierteaiiareenrirealapwkqrlkgkrvllftggvkswsvisalqdlgmvvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgeetlmiedgspkallkvvadykadiliaggrnmytalkaripfldinqerefgyegyqgmlelvrqlaltlespvweavratppwragglkkadtvveqeplsaraa
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=128409..129827,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein alpha chain
mpmvllkcdkdiperekhiylkvdgedtrdylpvsnaptipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpigcaydtwhtkrypsdnghfqmkyvwstdmkeshivfggdkrleksiheafdemphikrmivyttcptaligddikatvkrvmevrpdvdiftcecpgfagvsqskghhvlnigwvnekvgtvepeitspytinfigdyniqgdtqllqqywdklgiqviahftgnanyddlramhraqlnvvncarsagyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkvcaffgieekgealiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgtkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgvqvvamsskfghqedfekviargqsgtyyvddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyvnghayhngpymgfegfvnlardmynavhnpllklaatdirgetstrlleaae
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=5419..6894,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mspteslnettpvvdkkeliqdvlqaypeksrkrrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksvpgtmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmdftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklideieelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakkktkdtgktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfpkadkakkegtlgfepgpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemmltpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakteeviakyeaqtkavldkyrsrlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafedlgmkligtgyefghnddykrtthyvengtliyddvsayefeqfvkalkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwkk
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(107755..109092),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
makaakkikvieqvryscalaalhsvlaidravpilhagpgcgqrlstalsttngyqgtgyagghampctnsteaevifggekklkelithslevmdadlyvvltgctadivgddstevargfqkqgkpvvcaqtggfsgnnfvghelilgaiidqylqpseeiepglvnvfsivpyydafwtgnleeirklleaiglkaniifgpgggvnalnkipkaqfnlllspwigltnvqqleekfktpylhypvlpigptetskflraigkyaglpseqveasiaelekpydyyiersadyllqarvglpsrfitisdsfyalgiskflvndlgllpgtqfiidnipakyqadlekefkdlsptisapvvftndsgtireklretkfrgkplilgsawdqmiakelngyqlsvsfpvadrfilnstyigyngalrlaedifsvlvssny
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=47067..48404,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
makaakkikvieqvryscalaalhsvlaidravpilhagpgcgqrlstalsttngyqgtgyagghampctnsteaevifggekklkelithslevmdadlyvvltgctadivgddstevargfqkqgkpvvcaqtggfsgnnfvghelilgaiidqylqpseeiepglvnvfsivpyydafwtgnleeirklleaiglkaniifgpgggvnalnkipkaqfnlllspwigltnvqqleekfktpylhypvlpigptetskflraigkyaglpseqveasiaelekpydyyiersadyllqarvglpsrfitisdsfyalgiskflvndlgllpgtqfiidnipakyqadlekefkdlsptisapvvftndsgtireklretkfrgkplilgsawdqmiakelngyqlsvsfpvadrfilnstyigyngalrlaedifsvlvssny
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(4839..6176),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
makaakkikvieqvryscalaalhsvlaidravpilhagpgcgqrlstalsttngyqgtgyagghampctnsteaevifggekklkelithslevmdadlyvvltgctadivgddstevargfqkqgkpvvcaqtggfsgnnfvghelilgaiidqylqpseeiepglvnvfsivpyydafwtgnleeirklleaiglkaniifgpgggvnalnkipkaqfnlllspwigltnvqqleekfktpylhypvlpigptetskflraigkyaglpseqveasiaelekpydyyiersadyllqarvglpsrfitisdsfyalgiskflvndlgllpgtqfiidnipakyqadlekefkdlsptisapvvftndsgtireklretkfrgkplilgsawdqmiakelngyqlsvsfpvadrfilnstyigyngalrlaedifsvlvssny
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(5043..6380),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
makaakkikvieqvryscalaalhsvlaidravpilhagpgcgqrlstalsttngyqgtgyagghampctnsteaevifggekklkelithslevmdadlyvvltgctadivgddstevargfqkqgkpvvcaqtggfsgnnfvghelilgaiidqylqpseeiepglvnvfsivpyydafwtgnleeirklleaiglkaniifgpgggvnalnkipkaqfnlllspwigltnvqqleekfktpylhypvlpigptetskflraigkyaglpseqveasiaelekpydyyiersadyllqarvglpsrfitisdsfyalgiskflvndlgllpgtqfiidnipakyqadlekefkdlsptisapvvftndsgtireklretkfrgkplilgsawdqmiakelngyqlsvsfpvadrfilnstyigyngalrlaedifsvlvssny
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=137765..139102,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
makaakkikvieqvryscalaalhsvlaidravpilhagpgcgqrlstalsttngyqgtgyagghampctnsteaevifggekklkelithslevmdadlyvvltgctadivgddstevargfqkqgkpvvcaqtggfsgnnfvghelilgaiidqylqpseeiepglvnvfsivpyydafwtgnleeirklleaiglkaniifgpgggvnalnkipkaqfnlllspwigltnvqqleekfktpylhypvlpigptetskflraigkyaglpseqveasiaelekpydyyiersadyllqarvglpsrfitisdsfyalgiskflvndlgllpgtqfiidnipakyqadlekefkdlsptisapvvftndsgtireklretkfrgkplilgsawdqmiakelngyqlsvsfpvadrfilnstyigyngalrlaedifsvlvssny
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=578729..580507,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstisdplsdgaasasppeppsppgssaafadtidpvvardemlkiypdktkkkrakqfllndpenppqiaantrtipgiitqrgctyagcrgvvigpmhdvlhithgpigcsfyswqtrrnlarptpgqinylqysmttdmmedeiifggekklaaaireayaifkpkaiavyatcpvgligddihtvcrlakeelginifgfscegykgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvglddtpddaefrinmlgeyniggdaweidtllrkcgihitatlsgdisyeqvtrchtvdlnvvqchrsinymaemmetkfgipwfkvnfigaestakslrkiakyfdskkltdrveeviaqemavlrpirddvrsrcqgktaalfvggsrahhyqdlfrdmgmkviaagyefahrddyegravlptikidadsrnieeisveadakryrprktpeqaaaleasgftyrdyegmmkemskhtlviddishheieklieiykpdvigsgikekfiieklgvpckqlhsydyggpyaaftgaanfykeidrmvntkvwklvtapwktnpavparpvykpkdksaaiedepktwkapaaagagdeg
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=230188..231966,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstisdplsdgaasasppeppsppgssaafadtidpvvardemlkiypdktkkkrakqfllndpenppqiaantrtipgiitqrgctyagcrgvvigpmhdvlhithgpigcsfyswqtrrnlarptpgqinylqysmttdmmedeiifggekklaaaireayaifkpkaiavyatcpvgligddihtvcrlakeelginifgfscegykgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvglddtpddaefrinmlgeyniggdaweidtllrkcgihitatlsgdisyeqvtrchtvdlnvvqchrsinymaemmetkfgipwfkvnfigaestakslrkiakyfdskkltdrveeviaqemavlrpirddvrsrcqgktaalfvggsrahhyqdlfrdmgmkviaagyefahrddyegravlptikidadsrnieeisveadakryrprktpeqaaaleasgftyrdyegmmkemskhtlviddishheieklieiykpdvigsgikekfiieklgvpckqlhsydyggpyaaftgaanfykeidrmvntkvwklvtapwktnpavparpvykpkdksaaiedepktwkapaaagagdeg
>Rhizobium_sp._LPU83  coded_by=complement(13985..15451),organism=Rhizobium sp. LPU83,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssltvkiqdvfdepacegnrnkspktrkkgcskpltpgataggcafdgakvvlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldivmghserklfkaireikegytpaaifvyatcvtamigddieavckraaekfaipvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtvepddpgphdiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraraammvcstalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygisatsealrriaellvmkgadaellnrteaivveeeerawkrlevyrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvqslmeigmevvgtsvkkstaddkerikkilkdenhlyesiaprelysmlseqkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerhhayagydgmvqlarqidlaihnpiwaqvrepapweqamiteeklekrtasasnfagetagddc
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DcE2.8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DcE2.8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqfssdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_vacuolata_Z-761  coded_by=complement(1176569..1178167),organism=Methanosarcina vacuolata Z-761,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeidarieeeqklvdemlkvlpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhidanekvipgiltnrgcafagskgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcayftwgtrrnlakaeegednfsnycvctdmretdivfggekklkkaidevmkifkpeaisisatcpvgligddieavarqaeneygikvvpsrcegykgvsqsaghhiasnvlmenligteelknptpfdinvfgeyniggdfweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhkiaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekyglpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeyfddpeltrkteetiaeekakykdeiekyrkklqgktafiysggsrshhyenlfeelgmkvivagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikenalgsiledvhyerdenikpavsperieelkkkiglmeyeglfpeardgtividdlnhhetevlvktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmalhsptwkfirppwkaaevd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR805  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR805,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhetgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgvtgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpenkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=2978222..2979760,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase
mdyikhkvppvredrlmacqayggtcgdlsrdskkgclyaskrtfsqtqgcqlnlslgmissmrdavmvihspigcggnliqnaginkvfqklrqesavglrwintnlsevdvisggeaklrqavlkaerefrpsailvfnscvpaligddidgilddlqkqvsakivpihcegfktkiqataydsvyhglirnlvgedndsqpavvrtpeeeaehqavisktvnllnvgsmsrideeelvrllkaldlnvrilpsyshpddfvyaheaalnvsicathddyfvehfqqmygipyvmrtipigiantnkwlrdiasffgieeqaekliaaetaelkqaiepfkaelkgktafltggevrilttaellhnlgfeilglrgyhfdkygeilldeyledvpnsekaifnigsgqvfeqanllskitpdlfvghigvngsaakqgypifplfgqsddylgykgvfevaarvsrilknpafnknlgshtrlpyrdswyeqdpftyiddsasvaarig
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_NCIMB_11163  coded_by=complement(1635296..1636771),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis NCIMB 11163,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslneeetifntrlieevleaypakakkrrqkhltvakapdteadpgalsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnfyngttgvdsfvtmqftsdyqekdivfggdkklkkilaeidelfplnhgttiqsecpvgligddiesvareqkkisgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiscdvirdwvldqdgnqvpfepspydvnilgdyniggdawssrilleemglrvigswsgdatlaeierapkakmnlihcyrslnyisrymeekhgipwmeynlfgpsqiaaslrkiaenfddkikegaerviakyqpladaviakyrprlegkkvllyvgglrsrhvvnaytdlgmeivatgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddastyelekfieairpdlvgsgikekyavqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspvwgmfkapwktaa
>Rhodovulum_sp._PH10  coded_by=43969..45531,organism=Rhodovulum sp. PH10,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) alpha chain
mpyhefdcskclperqkhavvkgagdnlttalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvrekhivfgaeamlkqniieafkacpdikrmtiyqtcataligddinavaqevmdempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawindkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyftrmgiqvlstftgngtydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrarygiprldidgfgfeplaqslrkigmffgiedraeaiiaeetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemgvkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgedalaiddpnelegleamerlkpdviftgkrpgevakkigvpylnahayhngpwkgwegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlalvdiskdeiatdrgfltqrllsdrtlaeeirtstrlreytgtydpiaalrkknppyftpmaaaae
>Candidatus_Atelocyanobacterium_thalassa_isolate_ALOHA  coded_by=699157..700545,organism=Candidatus Atelocyanobacterium thalassa isolate ALOHA,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltkakinelltqpecehnlnkggqgknkacaqqsqpgsaqggcafdgasitlvpitdaahlvhgpiacsgnswnsrgslssgstlykmgfttdisendiifggekklykavvqvinnfnpsavfvystcitaligddldavckavvekykipvipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggeallqhvigskepkyttnydinivgeyniagemwavttlleklgirvlgkmtgdakyedicfahraklnvmicskalinvassmkekydipyieesfygvddmsrclrniakffndaqlidrtekiieeeisrmniqlepyrkklkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmqvvatstkksteedksrikkllgkdgimlekgnpeellrvikqtkadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyigmvemarelceavyspiwrqvrktapwdqceeqke
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1_v2  coded_by=complement(380021..381475),organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1 v2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msldnapdaafnealikevleqypekaakkrgrhlnikktddagasscgvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmlhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyfngtvgidsfvtmqitsdfqerdivfggdknldkmidelndlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavakkkhketgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekskpewetgpydvnliadyniggdawpsrrlleemglrvvgmwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwveynffgpsqiakslrkiasqfdetiqanaekviakyeglvadvlakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvanayddlgmtivgtgyefghnddyqrttdyvkegtliyddvsgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekyatqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspiwskfkapwkaa
>Rhizobium_etli_CFN_42  coded_by=complement(218454..219956),organism=Rhizobium etli CFN 42,definition=nitrogenase, iron-molybdenum alpha chain protein
msldyendsvlheqliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkeaapaeavaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ind16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ind16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dag5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dag5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ind4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ind4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pter17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pter17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_6720  coded_by=1553..>2464,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 6720,definition=Nostoc PCC 6720 nifH, nifD, nifU genes
mtppenknlvdenkelikevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheenksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklvklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskqigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpeydklkkenrldfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmgi
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>806,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=969..2471,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifD
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksedeageegevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglyqapwktspsrgramaae
>Blastochloris_viridis  coded_by=3431213..3432736,organism=Blastochloris viridis,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mainlktssvetreqrlgtiigwdgaasslaeesafsrgdcascgssrgakarrvcelqgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavlvqhspigcgagqviynsiyrnglamrglpvqnirfvstnlrerdmvyggaekldrairaafdrhrpnaifiatscasgiigddvesvaraceadlgvpviplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrrnptrkqddlinvinlwgtdvftpmlkelglrvnyvvdmatveelaqmseaaatvsfcytlgtylaaaleqdygvpqvkapqpygfagtdawlrelarvtgrealaedyiareharvkpllaalrpklkglkgyvatgsayahgmvgvlreldvevdgslvfhhdpvydsedprqdslghlvetygdvkhftvgnrqqyqfynllqrvkpdfiiirhnglaplaarlgipaiplgdehhalgyqgmvnlgesilavlqhrkfhqdiagrvrlpykaswlaepdpfalarlatv
>Acetobacterium_woodii_DSM_1030  coded_by=complement(908485..909846),organism=Acetobacterium woodii DSM 1030,definition=nitrogenase iron molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE3
mgnenavlperaqsirysecsgdgsgikceaesisgavsqracvfcgarvvlnpitdafhiihgpigcasytwdirgslssqeegyrnsystdlrerdvifggqkklaaavdevvathspkvifiyatcivgvigddidavcrdaeekygirvipvkspgfsgtkktgykmacnaimnlvtpeflpektlgvnilgdfnlagemwiiknylrrigvkvvanitgdakvddlkkaptaqlnlvqcagsmtylakqmeevfdipfikvsffgvtdtsdslmriayavgdkeviqrakvfieeeknrvlplldkykknligkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfsefgmntvmvgtqtgskddyeviqslvdddavilddanpaeleafmkemgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplagyegtlnfaseinlsmnspvwetisqggkenv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=10853..12232,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maedlagsiterddfivtkgknkkqlkcdtdssagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcatytwdirgslssgaelyrnsfstdlkeqdiifggakklaaaidglvnkyqaklvfvystcivgvigddleaicnaasrrhnievipvessgfignksagyraagdallrlikpsapavieknnsinylgdfnlageawiiqnylrqmgvelnvtftgdshytalksapkaklniiqcagsmiylagkmeelyqipyiqisflgiedtatslrniaaalgeesmivkaeeliaketarvediikgyrtklegkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyeimnelvddgtvilddanpaelekfmmekganllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfegainfaeevystvcspvwkslnalgmksgvanhg
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=complement(4989216..4990595),organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maedlagsiterddfivtkgknkkqlkcdtdssagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcatytwdirgslssgaelyrnsfstdlkeqdiifggakklaaaidglvnkyqaklvfvystcivgvigddleaicnaasrrhnievipvessgfignksagyraagdallrlikpsapavieknnsinylgdfnlageawiiqnylrqmgvelnvtftgdshytalksapkaklniiqcagsmiylagkmeelyqipyiqisflgiedtatslrniaaalgeesmivkaeeliaketarvediikgyrtklegkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyeimnelvddgtvilddanpaelekfmmekganllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfegainfaeevystvcspvwkslnalgmksgvanhg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4242327..4243793),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msinlkisavptrenrlgsvtgyngdlhdivnkskcgdlknrdrcfsqssscnagcalgqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctamapntdvtnrqlatkrgitnatvfvgtdmnekdtvfgatgslseivietynrykpkaifigtscltgiigenvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkvdvinfknfyesargeitdifsnfgvkplflyqnstveelshiseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvikkeaeveayiekeraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngeipaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtiknrsfeknlaarvklpytqwwynqdnslfmtkeak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Ppau3-41  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Ppau3-41,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrekskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=51985..53658,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
msslsatiqnvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakvalqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsqiwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlykaikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddinavckaasakfgkpcipvnspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigtvepevttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirisacisgdgrykdvasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapadlldrteaviareeakawaaiepfkkrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagmelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiddmapremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqershafmgyigmvklvaeidkaiynpmweqlrkrapwesasnnwqakaiaqanaeaaalaadpvaaeaarrakkichcksvdlgtiedaikahgltdvagvrthtnasggcgacagrvedilarssaptellqaae
>Desulfotomaculum_ruminis_DSM_2154  coded_by=complement(3507167..3508786),organism=Desulfotomaculum ruminis DSM 2154,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mainekmleeilnqypakvkrnrkkhiiirdpeqarqeieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgplkdmvhithgpigcgyyswltrrnkaksedptnnflsycvstdmqesdivfggekklakaidevmeifkpkaisvsatcpvgligddlnavvraaqerhgikimafncegykgvsqsaghhiannilmeqvigsgdleeapgkypinilgeyniggdsweverilkdigytvlavmtgdgsyeelknahvaelnlvqchrsinyiaemlevkygtpwlkvnfigvqatidslrnmalyfgdaelisrteeviarevariepimeqykricqgktafcfvggsrghhyqglfgelgietvlagyefahrddyegrevipdikldadtknipelhvepderrfrlkvspermeelkkkiplsyykgmnvemkeghiivddlnhyeteefikilkpdifasgikdkyvvqkmgipakqihsydysgpyagfngaikfaedvamgfvsptwnfitppwknkpilegtveegecakc
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=complement(6418..7947),organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=hypothetical protein
mqskikqsklakagyrwtkvselfnetpplgsncdikdkfpgyeglwcrlimavtsyamvnnavavihgpsncgwavrnftstdyslyygnpflhmpctnidenavitggndaliktllevdkdykpehicvfdtcstaliaddidmiinttqkdcsakisyipaagftapwlgksieecainyanmmeepeeiledsvnllgqykenfcvkrmqkrgkypddatelvryiealnlklhrvvvsgnyeyiktapqakvnviscptwgfplaermnkkfgteymkhaipigievtskwirelaefmdrqqeaeilikkeieeispiydevkrlvqgkaaliecgrnsqtafarpmalarmlqeigmtpylfglhplelkakamdlnyflwdgfdpqilagsyayqqpvninhviddlgldkdqyvyftedvfpmarsgifdacdiprvetgvhlrrvinapgrgvgfkgakalaqniieaiqaaqrgnkptlygrvhgefyefndipnkl
>Anabaena_variabilis  coded_by=386..2149,organism=Anabaena variabilis,definition=vanadium-dependent nitrogenase
mplkllkcdetiperekhvyikekgedttqflplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpigcaydtwhtkrypsdngnfqlkyvwssdmkeshvvfggekqlgksireafkefpdikrmivyttcataligddikavvksaqqelgdvdifcvecpgfagvsqskghhvlniawinekvgtlepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvlekymekmgiqiiahftgngtydslrgmhraqlnvtncarsagyianelkkrygiprldvdtwgfdycqealrkigaffgiedraeaviaeeiakyqekmdwykerlsgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmqvvsmsskfghqedfekviargqegtiyiddgneleffevlemirpdvvltgprvgalvkklhlpyvnghgyhngpymgfegavnmardlynaiysplmqlaaidvrddapkapaktkeiehlnekvtnittyiqerclwqfhsrawdreeningvikkaaellsgersvqetltdklhyadakilvselkrnlpwikeldkaqvksvlesvkqnlvgiaiagslngelhhsly
>Anabaena_variabilis  coded_by=386..2149,organism=Anabaena variabilis,definition=vanadium-dependent nitrogenase
mplkllkcdetiperekhvyikekgedttqflplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpigcaydtwhtkrypsdngnfqlkyvwssdmkeshvvfggekqlgksireafkefpdikrmivyttcataligddikavvksaqqelgdvdifcvecpgfagvsqskghhvlniawinekvgtlepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvlekymekmgiqiiahftgngtydslrgmhraqlnvtncarsagyianelkkrygiprldvdtwgfdycqealrkigaffgiedraeaviaeeiakyqekmdwykerlsgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmqvvsmsskfghqedfekviargqegtiyiddgneleffevlemirpdvvltgprvgalvkklhlpyvnghgyhngpymgfegavnmardlynaiysplmqlaaidvrddapkapaktkeiehlnekvtnittyiqerclwqfhsrawdreeningvikkaaellsgersvqetltdklhyadakilvselkrnlpwikeldkaqvksvlesvkqnlvgiaiagslngelhhsly
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=5011312..5013075,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=V-nitrogenase VFe protein subunit VnfG / V-nitrogenase VFe protein subunit VnfD precursor
mplkllkcdetiperekhvyikekgedttqflplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpigcaydtwhtkrypsdngnfqlkyvwssdmkeshvvfggekqlgksireafkefpdikrmivyttcataligddikavvksaqqelgdvdifcvecpgfagvsqskghhvlniawinekvgtlepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvlekymekmgiqiiahftgngtydslrgmhraqlnvtncarsagyianelkkrygiprldvdtwgfdycqealrkigaffgiedraeaviaeeiakyqekmdwykerlsgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmqvvsmsskfghqedfekviargqegtiyiddgneleffevlemirpdvvltgprvgalvkklhlpyvnghgyhngpymgfegavnmardlynaiysplmqlaaidvrddapkapaktkeiehlnekvtnittyiqerclwqfhsrawdreeningvikkaaellsgersvqetltdklhyadakilvselkrnlpwikeldkaqvksvlesvkqnlvgiaiagslngelhhsly
>Geobacter_sulfurreducens_KN400  coded_by=complement(2996717..2998156),organism=Geobacter sulfurreducens KN400,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
msnaakrvegitkestqemidkvlevypekgrkkraphlapndgvsscvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhishgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgingvtnfgmqftsdfqekdivyggdkklkqlleeakglfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakqsakeldipvipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdfiigtrefaepespydialigdyniggdvwsakalleeiglnvkatwtgdgeldriaathtvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgpskikeslraigerfddrikenvekviakydpimqavideyrprlegkkvmiyvgglrprhtvgayedlgmvvvgtgyefahgddyertspempvdtvifddasefelekfahqikpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyqgfpifardidmavnsptwslikspf
>Geobacter_sulfurreducens_PCA  coded_by=complement(3102395..3103834),organism=Geobacter sulfurreducens PCA,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
msnaakrvegitkestqemidkvlevypekgrkkraphlapndgvsscvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhishgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgingvtnfgmqftsdfqekdivyggdkklkqlleeakglfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakqsakeldipvipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdfiigtrefaepespydialigdyniggdvwsakalleeiglnvkatwtgdgeldriaathtvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgpskikeslraigerfddrikenvekviakydpimqavideyrprlegkkvmiyvgglrprhtvgayedlgmvvvgtgyefahgddyertspempvdtvifddasefelekfahqikpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyqgfpifardidmavnsptwslikspf
>Geobacter_sulfurreducens  coded_by=complement(1202363..1203802),organism=Geobacter sulfurreducens,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msnaakrvegitkestqemidkvlevypekgrkkraphlapndgvsscvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhishgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgingvtnfgmqftsdfqekdivyggdkklkqlleeakglfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakqsakeldipvipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdfiigtrefaepespydialigdyniggdvwsakalleeiglnvkatwtgdgeldriaathtvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgpskikeslraigerfddrikenvekviakydpimqavideyrprlegkkvmiyvgglrprhtvgayedlgmvvvgtgyefahgddyertspempvdtvifddasefelekfahqikpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyqgfpifardidmavnsptwslikspf
>Thermincola_ferriacetica  coded_by=56177..57514,organism=Thermincola ferriacetica,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdtglairerldsiavkgkqkkqikcdtdsiagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselyrnsfstdlqeedvifggekklaraiddlvgkykprlvfvyatcivgvigddleavckaaaqkhnievipvessgfignkaagyraacdalfrlinsgetekkkndpkinylgdfnlaaeawiiknylyemgievnvtftgdsdymalkkapeaslnivqcagsmhylarkmkdrfgipfmnvsflgiedtsdslrkiaaffnndeitrraealidkeirrieplirgyrkklqgkkaavyvgggfkaislikqfkelgidvvmvgtqtgrreeyevihdlvnegtvvlddanpselerfmlekgahllvggvkerplayklglafidhnhdrkhplsgfvgavnfaeevystvcspvwrfig
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2791525..2792868,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein VnfN-related oxidoreductase subunit
msehfverarymcslggatgtvtalpgaipilhsasgcagnfawtqnggsglqvggycgsltvpssnmqenevvfggedrlreqiastlkvmdgglyvvltgcvpemigddifavvndfreegapiigaitggfrgnsywgydlvlqalvkdfltrglskvkgkvnlwgivpymdpfwrgnlegarrllellglqvntfftpadtldnirrageaelnvivsdiygheaarhfqerhgtpyltlplpigpsaseeflrvvgdelglaadqvdgviagekkhyyqilepltdcyndldlqryavvvgdgnyavalsrfladdlgwlpeltvctdqvkddereaisaridgftsgyrtnlvfetdasevlghfnrhwprskgekyynafspafvvgsslerelalqlgaphlsvsfpvanravldrgytgfrgglrlaedlfsavvanr
>Methanotorris_igneus_Kol_5  coded_by=1792146..1793495,organism=Methanotorris igneus Kol 5,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
misesqienfkitpfkitlkkdglpkcstrttpgvitqrscvyygarwvlapikntihvvhgpvgcayygayvrkknyltvssdasevdiiyggekklfntiieaarelkgdavfvyvtcptalngddvegickkaeeilkipvipvycpgfcgyhqskgheigmkalfrlidldyennidnkkdddnskftvniigefdvaddlkaiknllnklgirvictftgdcnvksiinskkaelnlvhcratgkyiadymeekygipqlkvsffgitntqkslldigkffgiedevvrlineeynkikdelnfyleklegkrvgifmggskigmlsgafrdmgmevvvvgsqfgsledyleaymnvdentvliddasnidlqllmenkkpdifvggtkekylslkvgipfvsfpqddypftgfigflnfarelyrnmyhpiwkmikfnfptmd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sjz3b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sjz3b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvieeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sjz1b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sjz1b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvieeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=complement(71208..72716),organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mnyikektppvredrlkacnafggsccelsrtgkkgclnktkrtfaqtqgcqlnlsmsilntirdsvviihgpigcggaglsfgalttqyhklrdsnakgyiwintnldegdvinggeqklreaiifadnefrpssiiivnscvpaligddidgvvaglqqqtaaklvpvhcegfktkimasaydsayhgilrnlvdkpeengyliedelevmkekyrrsrnvnvlnvssmsradelelerllkalelnvrflpcfahpddfelateaalnisicathddyfvkhlkekynipyilhtipigirntgkwlldiagffgetdrakglieaetkalnkalepfrnqlkgkrvllsggeirilttaelfqdigfevlgvrgyhydefadplidglpgkenilfnvatgqpfeqanlleelkpdlyvghagingwaakqgipvfpifvqslnymgysgmyeltkrvakvlkntqfsknlknniklpykaewygknpfsyidsslal
>Burkholderia_sp._lig30  coded_by=complement(124108..125571),organism=Burkholderia sp. lig30,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtatveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqelfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskrksqqygnhtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdktdpakrpefvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpsmiekslreiashfddtikanaekviakyrplvdaviakykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveqvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspiwglaktpwkqaa
>Rhizobium_sp._ANU289  coded_by=176..1678,organism=Rhizobium sp. ANU289,definition=Rhizobium sp. ANU289 genes nifD and nifK for alpha and beta subunits of Mo-Fe protein of nitrogenase
mslattqsiaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegepkfqptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfpemhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkktkapwkeaakpkllaae
>Chlorobium_phaeovibrioides_DSM_265  coded_by=1505868..1507229,organism=Chlorobium phaeovibrioides DSM 265,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqiqilkdrekqifekkdggaafdlscettslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgsvssgpelhrlsfstdlqetdvifggekklyaslielieqyqpkaafiystciigiigddidavcrkvaketgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgyraacislmklvgtgetddispyslnilgefnlageawiireyyermglqvvstmtgdgrvdavrkahgaalnvvqcsgsmtslaqdmekkygipfmrvsyfgiedmasalydvakhfpdrpdimekareivksevetlypqlqkfkaalsgkkaaiyvggafktfslikalrslgmsvvlagsqtgnsedyrnlkemsdegtvivddsnpvelskfilekeadlliggvkerpiafklgvafcdhnherkiplagfigmynfalevyqsvmspvwqfaprkggqk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS20_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS20_2,definition=NifD
ggksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvapeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._15.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 15.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._15.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 15.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._13.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 13.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._10.6  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 10.6,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._10.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 10.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._9.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 9.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5.7  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5.7,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._9.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 9.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Enterobacter_sacchari_SP1  coded_by=768137..769585,organism=Enterobacter sacchari SP1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msnatgernleiieqvlevfpektrkerrkhmmvtdpeqesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcsyagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklieeleelfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanasrkainkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadlfddtiranaeaviaryqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvnalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawgqltapwlksa
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=2571584..2573122,organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mdyikhkvppvredrlmacqayggtcgdlsndskkgclyaskrtfsqtqgcqlnlslgmissmrdavmvihspigcggnliqnaginkvfqklrqqsavglrwintnlsevdvisggeaklrqavlkaerefrpsailvfnscvpaligddidgilddlqkqvsarivpihcegfktkiqataydsvyhglirnlvgedkstkpaiirtpeeelehqekisktvnllnvgsmsrideeelvrllkaldlnvrilpsyshpedftyaheaalnvsicathddyfvehfqklygipyvlrtipigiantnkwlrdiaahfgieeqaekliaaetaelnkaiepfkaefkgktafltggevrilttaellhnlgfeilglrgyhfdkygeilleeymedvpnsekaifnigsgqvfeqanllskitpdlfvghigvngsaakqgypifplfgqsddylgykgvyevatrvsrilrnasfnknlgkntrlpyrdswyeqdpftyiddsasiaarig
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=complement(1853811..1855292),organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskvnldlptvqirelrlgsitayqgkaselvsraqagtlkdsarsfsqcmgcssgqafcmlsmitdavvvnhapigclgdasgfnfvyrveqknrglpsaigkyystnllekdtvfggmqklrdtvrtaferehpnaifittscasgiigddvesvadhlsedlgipviscfcegfrsriwtsgfdsayhaivrrlvkpprkrskkvniinfwgshifddllsrlgyeaqyivpfntvkdleyiseavatiqicptlgtylgaaleqvygvpeikvppaygmagtdiwlrelgkvlhreqeveqlirdghervlpqieayrkqfagktayltagaahghsliavlrelgldvkgaaifhhdpvydngcptsdvlahdvetygdvrqynicnkqafelvnllnrmrpdimiarhggmtvwgaklgiptlligdeqfsfgydgilhyarriaetldntefvtnlarhstmpytkwwlkqqpyaflgrelhvrqy
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR596  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR596,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR404  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR404,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR163  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR163,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Desulfonatronospira_thiodismutans_ASO3-1  coded_by=361904..363529,organism=Desulfonatronospira thiodismutans ASO3-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msdlkscpsvdleefvdnilkkypakvakkrkdhilvrkeedparesiqannrtvpgiitqrgccyagckgvvlgpvgdmvhithgpigcgfyawltrrnlfkpgedgknystycfstdmqeqdiifggekklkqaikeawetfkpnaisvhatcpvgligddvqavareaeaelgvkvlafncegykgvsqsaghhiannklfnetvgtkdeaipgysvnilgeyniggdaweierilekcgikiaatfsgdgkydsmtsshmaslnlimcyrsinylaemmetkygipwakvnfigvkamskslrkiarffedpeltrrieevikeeeesveqklapyrerlqgktamlfvggsrahhyqdllrdlgmepvaagyefahrddyegshiagkikvdadsrnieelkvepdpekysprvspekkkeleqesvlghyhgmipdmppgtlvvddishleleeliktlkpdiilsgikdkyviekfnvpskqihnydysgpfagykgavnfardidmminnpawklavppfekkpllsadlgtd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_B6  coded_by=181488..183071,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus B6,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmeergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepeflgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffgiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtakmnadltvsdevkfsevlheytgkydsiaeirarnqayaaeqkalrdavqpaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Leb-12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Leb-12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_saccharoperbutylacetonicum_N1-4(HMT)  coded_by=1545090..1546538,organism=Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum N1-4(HMT),definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtriiernreerkysltggggcshnlsgsfkkrclknaersfaqttqcqeinsiqallsmedavfvvhspngcvgcvsfmndgfkvgqyhrgiqnirnaryivtsldekdivfggeekltkavldlnsrynpniififascasgiigddidsvatnlqneidaiivpihcegfkskvpatgfdtvfnsiikyvlkddkpekekglinvfattsigykdqleiekllhvlglhvnyipfyssveklrkivkaeysvaicqvfadefmeylkneydipysvtgmpigirstddwflsvaklvgkedialkyieeqhkkvipeiteirkltegkkvficagtgrgiaaasliedfgmklvgiqtptyeeafiesfdelekihggdfiidianmqpfeqvnlvnklkpdfflgmsnwvsklgipsthileakrptfgyngliylgrkiqnsienpgfniklakhkklpyketwyqenafkylkegv
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=29740..31344,organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtyrekllekysakvyknrkehilqmdgaeesnsitantralpgvmtargccyagckgvvvgplkdvcvithgpvgcgfyswatrrnkakpdehtdknfvpycfstdmqeadivfggekklekaideamelfdpkcimicstcpigligddvqavarraeakygitaigfscegykgvsqsgghhiannglmryvigtgdkpprtsfsvnilgeyniggdgweeerilkrcgievinmftgdasyeslksahlahlnlvmchrsinyiaemmktkygmdwlkvnfigvgatckslreiakyfnnpeltarveeviadelaaiyddmeyyksrltgktagifsggsrshhyqvlledlgiktviagyefahrddyegrdiipqikndadnrniesitvsaderfyreiytedeiaalksgkdgieldtydgmipfmkagdvvvddynhfetdelikrmkpdiflsgikdkysiqkagvssrqihsydysgpysgfrgsvnfgrditmalytnawslvtppwkhepmlvgtiggek
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ztm3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ztm3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyytgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkispeakptfeptpydiaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>delta_proteobacterium_NaphS2  coded_by=15734..17101,organism=delta proteobacterium NaphS2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
magipilkererqiyqkgskpfdmscekkslagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlihgpigcasytwdirgslssgpqlhrmsfstdleereiifggekklygaltslidqygpkaafvyatciagiigddvdaicrrvseekgipvlavhsegfkgtkkdgykaacdamaqivgtgstegisplslnimgefniageawtirkyyeqmglqvvsiftgdgrveqirrshgaslnvvqcsgsmmhlaehmnekygipykrvsyfgiedmskalydvaehfgehpevmektrdlvreeiktihpvlktyreklegkkaaiyvggafkafsmikalrslgmdvvlagsqtgtpedyevlkdmcdegtvivddanpvelskysiekgveffiggvkerpiafklgigfcdhnherklslagysgmlnfarevyasatspvwqfapkrnlslaegs
>Megasphaera_cerevisiae_DSM_20462  coded_by=12226..13806,organism=Megasphaera cerevisiae DSM 20462,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhqfdcskciserlhhavdkepnenltdalplgylktipgtlsergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpigcpydtwqtkryisdnddfqikytfatgmkekhiifgakkelketikesfrafpnikrmtiyqacasaligddidavakeimnempdvdifcchspgfagpsqsaghhviniewvdtkvgqvepeitsdyvinyigeyniqgdqevmqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhraqlnilecarsaeyicnvlrkrygiprmdidgfgfkpmatslrkiglffgiedraeaiieeetkrwqpeldwyvarlkgkkiclwpggsklwhwahvvhdelglevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceagalaiddpneletieamtklkpdliatgkrpgevakkirvpyinahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsfvdiskdeisqdkgfvtrqmlsdknldeaviksgemheytgeydsvkklrgkkypqypmtkkvnkkkeeig
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC265A00  coded_by=5902..7404,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC265A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgaeteakaevviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Latescibacteria_bacterium_DG_63  coded_by=47089..48738,organism=Latescibacteria bacterium DG_63,definition=hypothetical protein
mketgekktekaqekmypwekvdrnlesweiardflemrakkqfelvsfkdiiercadtaaaewwekvqpgygsglwcpiyyaisvaggvrdavvvihgaqscvtavrhffalyggggggnyywgspftfvvstdlnerdnilgapeklkrtllevdeihkpeiifvaptcgpgmigepieeviedvkpdlkhakecvyldlpgfkaidegdmmreattgywtalmkepkkkvkgavnvigdyrgtsweekdhfktnfpttfdeiggilnalglklhvtvpqsslgdirrapeaefnivncpmlaypiceemeekfgipwsphvyplgkegitnyimafakhfrkekeaqalidekwkeieplwekakklikgktilmdsaismtsvnrqlgyarmlqemgakdivffnimpseilgrregveyylttsaagepfnpqflwwpaphaiklspievadflglkddeilhlygdlgwytkaprwdssniaqvqssihfrrrrnvcqrsiffsgtrgllvdiinavegtkrkgnwslysrilgkwpvpaptg
>Desulfurispirillum_indicum_S5  coded_by=727297..728742,organism=Desulfurispirillum indicum S5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvvdkeqsqalieeilqeypekalksrkkhmtvvepgadekcgvssnrksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmltishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyytgitgvdsfgamqitsdfqerdivfggdkkleklvdeleemfplsrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandalrdwiyekdvpasvqeagpydvalmadyniggdawssrrileemglnvisqstgdstvaelantakaklvllhcyrsmnyiaryleekhsvpwtefnffgptqifksmrkiasyfdesiqkrteelienkykpllqsvvdkyksrlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtipcfkdlgvevmltgyefghgddyqrtmeylddttivvddmsefemekflsklkpdlfgsgvkekyqcqkagvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgiegfaifardmdmaingqvwkhikapwks
>Rubrivivax_benzoatilyticus_JA2  coded_by=1121..2527,organism=Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslnariaqvfdepgcdvnqakgekarkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpiadvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgpkiyrtgfttdidefdvvyggekrlfkaireiaetvrppaifvyqtcvpamigddieavckraserfglpvvpvdvpgfagpknlgnklgaealldyvigtvepdvstpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldalgvrvlacitgdgryreiasahrakanmmvcsksminvatrmqqrwgipyfegsfygiadmsrtlrdiarllvqtgapadivdraealiaaeeprayerlrayrerlagkrvllitggvkswsvvsalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkqriqeimgddahmiedlapremyrmlrearadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqerhhafagyegivtmvaeidkaifnpvwqqvrapapweapavalaa
>Heliobacterium_modesticaldum_Ice1  coded_by=1137541..1138899,organism=Heliobacterium modesticaldum Ice1,definition=nife
mfvnlsklnlreecplsdkgapklclkalpgegaerscafdgarvvlmpitdaahvvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgaqlyrrglttdlmemdvvyggekkliqaivevaakhrpkavfvyatclsaligddlefacrqaqaqvpvpvipvnapgflgdknignrvsgevlfqqvigtaepegshpfainfigeyniagdlwgvlpsleaigvklqscisgdarfddlrtahraklnilvcsksltnlvkqmekkygipyiegsfygihdtsktlraiaeafgdadliartedhirqkeaetraliapyrqglegkravlftggvktwsmvttlkelgievlaggtqnstpedflrmkalmdpeahiiedtsaagfltlikekapdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrnlpyagyngmitfakavartvfspvwekmqkpfpaggdvp
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=complement(2882494..2883834),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=nitrogenase associated protein N
mydelkfdncnhskdpmvgcalegatgvlagikdisivihspqgcsstvsaaydvheidftkrkvactrlfetdvvmgassklknlikeadskfktkaifvvgtcaadiigedieglcrniqpqinakliplmaggfrgnlydgielglnalfpfikkqnekipcsvnliapqanlnptwwadlewvretlekigikvqavlphdtsleeldnaglasanillshdagyefglkmkevhdiplilsdiplpiglkntarwlravgnyfgveekveaiikdgedlaidvlrrrglmmipryrncrvavsadatmgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrspvsdsqllleneltdmgispkvvfsadgyqikqslmescvdavfgssweyylaeelgikfvfdvfnptnrqnylnrayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskhidweeys
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dgra2.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dgra2.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklikvmdeieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpgskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS22_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS22_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS6_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS6_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS1_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS1_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Selenomonas_noxia_ATCC_43541  coded_by=complement(15164..16468),organism=Selenomonas noxia ATCC 43541,definition=nitrogenase
mgievkrvgvhrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvvfhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvrlspvplltsglgeseaifggedrlrecirfaaekyhpqavfianscvsgvigddtkaiaeemetelgipvmavsahgfldgeyyagyldaaralvdrfmhpaerkpgtvallgdcggmhgeyvkelrrllallnlkvtaqfpsylaldemqavpeaeliillgrrmddqkqaqlaelaehmherfgtpyladvyavgaeetktwlrrvgalchredvaeraiaseeasfsavvekaradlagrrcglaigrdltwfqpeiilrllnkagvalsgivlldcfmparrevmeealrcltdvpiyyegdaaademlhaadfvltthelvdaklrqlflallpsvgwsmerrllddmrqilhrhesrggliyg
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._similipneumoniae  coded_by=463..1836,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. similipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryrpaavfiyntcvsamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalaqwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Chlorobium_phaeovibrioides_DSM_265  coded_by=1502723..1504363,organism=Chlorobium phaeovibrioides DSM 265,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mesktqfpdpsqvreeliekypakvakkrnksiiindpetvpevqanvrtvpgiitqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdvvnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtkpetdadanfitycfstdmqeenivfggekklkvaiqeaydlfhpkaiaifstcpvgligddvhaasremkekfgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngifkhmvgrnneikegkfklnllgeyniggdafeierifnkcgltinssfsgnstvgqlenahmadlnaimchrsinymgdmletkygipwmkinfigaessakslrkiaeyfgdaelkarveevikeempkvkevideilprtsgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfselgmttvaagyefahrddyegrevlpnikvdadsknieelkieadpelykprkteaeleelkakgleinsyegmmkqmmkkslvvddishyeseklieiykpdifcagvkekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpytgfegavnfyrdidrmvnnpvwklikapwqktadsekeslsasyvtq
>Rhodobacter_sp._AKP1  coded_by=4696..6159,organism=Rhodobacter sp. AKP1,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
msealkqkiqdafhepgcatntaksegerrkgcakqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpitdvahlvhaplacwgngwdnrgsassgsdlyrrgfttdlseldivmgrgearlfraireviaqedpaavfvyatcvtaligddigavckaaaerfgrpvipinvpgyvgsknlgnklgvdalvehvvgtmepatttdcdinilgdfnlsgelwqvkplldrlgirilgsvsgdaryaqvammhrarvtmlvcshaflgiarkledrygipwfegsfygisdtsdalrtlcrmlvergapadlvtrcealiaeeearawaaleplrpavagrrvllytgghktwsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatqgdrarvteimgtdahmyenmapkemyrmlrdaradvlmsggrsqfvalkarvpwidvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsinnpmwaelrdpapwdvpaeeaaavpfslaavpgskadfedc
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A14  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A14,definition=NifD
lnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgarrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyis
>Gloeothece_sp._KO68DGA  coded_by=13922..15364,organism=Gloeothece sp. KO68DGA,definition=alpha-subunit of dinitrogenase
matvednkkliadvlsnypeksakkrekhlgvyeegesdcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiideieelfplnggvsvqsecpvgligddiesvartksketgksvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpvadkekeekgfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawstvfflkklglrvvaqwsgdgtltemkatpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaaslreiasrfdekiqakaeeviekyrkqseeiiakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrttnyvedatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligtpwsk
>Desulfovibrio_sp._TomC  coded_by=168416..169978,organism=Desulfovibrio sp. TomC,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) alpha chain
mpyhlfkcseciperekhavikgpgetladalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqikytfasdmkekhivfgaekllkqniveafkafpdikamtiyqtcasaligddinaiaaeimedmpevdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtfeptltsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmddyfkrmgiqvlatftgngsyndlrgmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygtprldidgfgfgalaaslrkvalffgiedrakavideevarwkpeldwyaarlegkrvclwpggsklwhwahvihdemkvdvvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrcesgtlaiddpnelegleamkmlkpdiiftgkrpgevakklrvpylnahayhngpwkgfegwvrfardiynavyspvhelakldisadeiptdkgfvtrrmlsdanlpdevknstamrqytggydclagykdrtyplmeqpaamag
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pp2-4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pp2-4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklikvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkgdpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=<1..827,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nifD protein C-terminus (274 AA)
ilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvgdgdtpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmedkhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiianiaprleglrccsiwrlphvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlntpawneltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR877  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR877,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR620  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR620,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgkt1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgkt1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxen5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxen5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxen3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxen3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dckt2b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dckt2b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drkt3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drkt3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drkt2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drkt2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lss8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lss8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lss7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lss7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lss3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lss3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lous2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lous2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lous1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lous1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lou1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lou1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._nevs8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. nevs8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._nevs4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. nevs4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._nevs1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. nevs1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._nevr8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. nevr8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Burkholderia_sp._mpig8.9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Burkholderia sp. mpig8.9,definition=nitrogenase alpha-subunit
pekmakrrakhlgsfeqgkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqelfplnrgisiqtecpigligddieavskkksaqygrhtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdcvfdradpnrrpslestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelestpkcklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Methanocaldococcus_sp._FS406-22  coded_by=32958..34265,organism=Methanocaldococcus sp. FS406-22,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mneikvlpfkitlkkdgipkfdkrtspgivtqrscpyygarwilapikntlhiihspigcayygqsvrrknylivstdmqledvvyggekklyntiieahkelggdavfvyvtcvsaligdniesicrkaekilgvpvisifcpgfcgyhqskgheiamkalfrlikegefkkefkdkltvniigeynvcgetkvikdllkklgieviatftgdcsvedirnsknaklnlihcrrtgkyiadymeekygipqlkvsfiglnntkksimdiakffgiedkakevieeeyekikdelkfymeklkgkrvgmfmgaskigmltsafkdlgmevvsvgsqfgsfedyldayinvdddtilvddaskidlelifkhkkpdifvggtkekymavkfgipflsfpqdfypftgfigflnfarevykaiyhpvwkmiefkyet
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae  coded_by=3501081..3502529,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddairanaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvvgayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Desulfurivibrio_alkaliphilus_AHT2  coded_by=2877034..2878416,organism=Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus AHT2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssvainkgknmqatvlesrqgqiwrkddapmvmecnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdmqerdvifggekklyralvelidrhapaaafvystcivgiigddleavcrkvaaekgipvlpvqsegfkgnkragyqaacnamrrlvgtgetagispysinilgdfnlagelwlirdyfarmgvevvanitgdgrvadiqrahgaalnvvqcsgatmelanmmesdygipairvsyfgiedmaaalyavaeffpqepaimartrelvreelaallpeleqyrrdlqgkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrtigmevvmvgsqtgtaedyrelaeitdpgtiivddsnplelasflqekevdifvggvkerpiayklgvafcdhnherkemlagfegmlnfarevhasvtspvwrllprraas
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=676845..678425,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhefncskciperkkhavikgpgedltmalplgylstipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnknfqieytfasdmkekhvifgaekllkqniieafkafpdvkrmtlyqtcasaligddmaavaqevmdempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgniepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsydelrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygiprldidgfgfeplsaslrkvamffgieeraqaiideetarwkpeldwyrerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahviheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelegqealemlkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihklafldiskdeiptdkgfvtrrmlsdanlseevrssttlrqytgkydcvtplrgktypaflpkakpepeaagva
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=328304..329884,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefncskciperkkhavikgpgedltmalplgylstipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnknfqieytfasdmkekhvifgaekllkqniieafkafpdvkrmtlyqtcasaligddmaavaqevmdempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgniepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsydelrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygiprldidgfgfeplsaslrkvamffgieeraqaiideetarwkpeldwyrerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahviheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelegqealemlkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihklafldiskdeiptdkgfvtrrmlsdanlseevrssttlrqytgkydcvtplrgktypaflpkakpepeaagva
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=complement(3102..4502),organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1 protein
mlsgiksensqvlnvisshkeqltfdncdhskdpivgcalegianmvagikdvsivihspqgcastvaagydnhevdftkrkvgcsrlfesdivmgaseklknlikeadqsfkakvmfvvgtcaadiigediqglchslqpqinaklvpllaggfrgnaydglemgleallpfihkrqkrrggrkprivniiapqanlnptwwadlqwiketlkalrirvqtvishgtsfeeleqagnatanillshdvgykfarkmqeshniplilediplpigvknttrwlqalaahfkidekrveplikegenrvvetlrkralmiipryrncriavsadgtlgiglvrmlfeelemipevllfrsamresrailerelksmgisprvafaadgyqikqalteidtdavlgsawekymaeelgikiafdvfsptnretyldkpyfgyegminmmeviandwerafrskhihws
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(39673..41205),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase
maykkinldipevesreqrlgtiiawdgkaselseqssyerrgcegrgkqcrlcemkgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgvgqvpynsiyrnglalrnlpveniriictnldesdmvfggikklkqsikdaferyspkaiflgtscatgiigedmesvaaeaedeigipviplacegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrkivrknpkkqedlinvinlwgsdvftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlatvddlaqlseaagtvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpeikapqpygfagtdawireiarvthreelaeefikkeherikpklkelreklkgvkgyvatgsayahglitvlrelgvevngslvfhhdpvydsgdpkqdslkflidnyddvpsfsvsnrqqyqfygllkktnpdfilirhnglvplasrlgipaaplgdehlaigydgmvnlgeavldvlahrkfhqdlkehvklpytkwwldqedpyilakkpeilnekii
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(5525167..5526699),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase
maykkinldipevesreqrlgtiiawdgkaselseqssyerrgcegrgkqcrlcemkgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgvgqvpynsiyrnglalrnlpveniriictnldesdmvfggikklkqsikdaferyspkaiflgtscatgiigedmesvaaeaedeigipviplacegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrkivrknpkkqedlinvinlwgsdvftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlatvddlaqlseaagtvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpeikapqpygfagtdawireiarvthreelaeefikkeherikpklkelreklkgvkgyvatgsayahglitvlrelgvevngslvfhhdpvydsgdpkqdslkflidnyddvpsfsvsnrqqyqfygllkktnpdfilirhnglvplasrlgipaaplgdehlaigydgmvnlgeavldvlahrkfhqdlkehvklpytkwwldqedpyilakkpeilnekii
>Bradyrhizobium_valentinum  coded_by=50695..52359,organism=Bradyrhizobium valentinum,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msalsatiqemfnepgcaknanksdaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgasiwrtgfttdmnetdivfggekrlykaikeiinkynpsaifvyqtcvpamigddinavckaasqklgkpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageallehvigtqepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirilscisgdgkyrevasshrarvammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapselierteaviareearalaaierykprfagkrallitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstkqdkerikelmgqdahmiedmtpreiykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqerchaymgyigmvklveeidkalfnpiweqlrrpvpweevaknrqtkgmarmdaqaaevaadpetsrrakkvcfckevdlgtiedairshgltsveavrqhtnafggcckrriedilatmpvssppamlqaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L103C105A0  coded_by=complement(24918..26408),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L103C105A0,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkvgcsrpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkgireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliseeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavgeelprtksenvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysaltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkagtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkaamlaasgaae
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=5014923..5016452,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
matnmdanvvfyghlselyqlakegkikttlqgshtrpckfwaatkilsgikdaivishgpsgcaygvkraykltnsrnsgspyepvvttnmsekavifggekelrgailevdqkyhpdaivvatscasgiigdcvdevvgkarseidaeimtihcegfageyrsgfdivfrqivdfmepptperqaqladsvnivgakmgpertevegdvkelkrlikgmgarvhsviagdctleelkqapsaavnctlcldlgytigkamsdrfgtplnstilpygisatekwlrgaakylkmeaqaealmereyaaiktefeaakkyiegklaiieghdaikclsiahmlerdfgmraviynfhpwstearetsvdylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedellefiggldadsvvyfgsslsfphipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakciktaleygfrprssltkqmvfpknsglasaqsltgklaqdlpdctvyagkkrgkcfne
>Clostridium_cellulovorans_743B  coded_by=complement(3481579..3483180),organism=Clostridium cellulovorans 743B,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtssidkfefmekypaktfkarkehiaiksaenenpdilanvrtipgiitnrgccyagckgvvlgpvkdmvhivhgpigcsyytwgtrrnkakaneggdnfieyvfstdmqerdvvfggvaklkqaikeavelfnpgaigiyatcpvgligddinavakeaeaeygvpvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannlllekvvgtgekehkkysinilgeyniggdaweiervlekigynvvstltgdaafddiktahiadinlvqchrsinyiaemletkygvpwmkvnfiglsgmvgtlrdlatffddpeltakteaviqeeldaimgemqyykeklegktaclfvggsrahhyqyllndlgvqtllcgyefghrddyqgreilpfikedadsknipeisvekdeekyriivspekyevlkeqiplgyyggmikdvteggimvddlnhyeteefikllkpdmfltgikdkyviqkmgvlskqlhsydytgpyagfkgalnfarelsagvytpawkyslapwktepmiegkvvggde
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCI_18  coded_by=643010..644383,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCI 18,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_sp._KTE92  coded_by=266057..267430,organism=Klebsiella sp. KTE92,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_342  coded_by=complement(1763555..1764928),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae 342,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_20  coded_by=672432..673805,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 20,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(522378..523751),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(13019..14392),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=63117..64490,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=2761166..2762539,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sbw5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sbw5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklkpdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sbw3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sbw3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklkpdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gvw6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gvw6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklkpdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxjj2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxjj2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklkpdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dph7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dph7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklkpdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpw2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpw2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklkpdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Azotobacter_chroococcum_NCIMB_8003  coded_by=complement(259479..260903),organism=Azotobacter chroococcum NCIMB 8003,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein alpha chain
mpmvllecdkdiperqkhiylkapnedtreflpianaatipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleqsmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkerpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfsymaegirkicaffgieekgealiaeeyakwkpkldwykerlqgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgiqvvamsskfgheedfekviargkegtyyiddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyvnghgyhngpymgfegfvnlardtynavhnplrhlaavdirdssqttpvivrgaa
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=complement(1185079..1186518),organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain,nifD
mslsvnegvdvkglvdkvleaypeksrkrrakhlnvleaeakdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgdtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavarakseelgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwifektepkegfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekfgipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddtikenaekviakyqpmvdaviakfkprlegkkvmiyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtqhyvkegtliyddvtafelekfvevmrpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgimkapf
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=2053995..2055434,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslsvnegvdvkglvdkvleaypeksrkrrakhlnvleaeakdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgdtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavarakseelgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwifektepkegfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekfgipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddtikenaekviakyqpmvdaviakfkprlegkkvmiyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtqhyvkegtliyddvtafelekfvevmrpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgimkapf
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=2371519..2372958,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslsvnegvdvkglvdkvleaypeksrkrrakhlnvleaeakdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgdtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavarakseelgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwifektepkegfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekfgipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddtikenaekviakyqpmvdaviakfkprlegkkvmiyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtqhyvkegtliyddvtafelekfvevmrpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgimkapf
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=complement(4880723..4882132),organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=hypothetical protein
mnheirqrfarvrekrlgtltafygdsgtladelereepaqrirtysettddevigairllgrirgavtiihgppgcgaakledelrsgggpwllthieendsilgaddklrdaigraqrlwkpdiifilatpviainnddiqsatveaeelygipvvpifaagfrsksplygydliyhalakhvlneepasdnserfinligtaetrtgniireltaagisynnvsgfytlsdlrrspgaaasaaldrddagyllawleesrgvarldvpppigltgthrwllaaadaldtgaetrnvieaartetaetlalqrlgdisvfidlppeqafgigelvtelggkvtafalthadlthaprlrewsrrhnphvliepgqpfekinalnkwrpdlyigrsetavwaaaagipaasvdavdiygfqgalalaglfgkalrnqalsrylsaggssyregwlaksvnwhikqevr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_76  coded_by=<1..1302,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 76,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
gshvtgwdnmfegfaktftadyagqpgkqqklhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaveqelapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Chloroherpeton_thalassium_ATCC_35110  coded_by=2167725..2169269,organism=Chloroherpeton thalassium ATCC 35110,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpyhefecskciperkmhavikgpgedltsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdvkekhivfgaekllkqniieafrafpdikrmtiyqtcataligddidaiaqevmeempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawvnrkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyfnrmgiqvlstftgngtydglrsmhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsasllkvgrffgiedraqaiideetarwkpeldwykerlngkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihdemgvdvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcevgtlaiddpnelegleameklkpdiiftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpwkgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsgldiskdeiptehgfvtqrmisdatlshevrtsamvreytgkydpiadlrkktypdlkk
>Desulfotomaculum_kuznetsovii_DSM_6115  coded_by=complement(3366963..3368351),organism=Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii DSM 6115,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mkisidviperaghlevveipacdrrtlpgvvsqracllygarwmlaairdavhlihgpvgcayysgtvrkknytvfstalgekeivfgagqkledaireavslrprssavlvyttcavgligedveaickrasaslglpvvpvncpgfggvsqgkghdvaaaallehfigrgpagpplensvnilgefdvqgdlkeieqllqrlglniicavsgratvenmarahraglnivhcgrtgrwlaremeerfgipwrkvsffglaetaaalqaiaaffnrpgeaawvekeaeaarqralpylrrlagrrvalffgasrmgsmarafgelgmevvlcgsqfgcqedytesrrclgrgtpmiddahqreleeflhrcrpdllvggtrerfmahkmgipflvfpqetspyagfngfvnlarevaalvgapvwrlgnsgfmreegeemvarhvrymerginenerssl
>Methanothermobacter_thermautotrophicus  coded_by=4615..6057,organism=Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus,definition=nitrogenase
mnhstgncsskenfsadttadlkveevpeavintlsprrehftrscrgegpdldreslpgmvtqrscvyggarvvlmpitdaahlvhgpvgcaactwdirgsrsskselyrmgfstgleekdvvfggedkllecileineihspsaifvystcvsgvigddiaavcrtaenktgkwviqvqsegfrsfnkslghqlacdvilrhiigrgdaevrensvnlvgefnvagdlweikgllekmgihvvssitgdstvaeiseahtaqlnivqcskssgyiaeemkrkygipyinvnffgiketmdsllsisdffdlnaeerissmaekthemirgyrralegkkvaiyvggnkawslirafrdlgmevimsgtqnglpedylkimeksgrelilfddanpvelsellrkyrpdlvvsgakekylsyklgipfcefnhdrikpfsgfggflnfaeevkrtlespiwtlaskkrlsgpggmsgea
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_S2  coded_by=845702..847135,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis S2,definition=Oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mpfclldvdkdipereqhiyikdskepkghckqrcntntipgsmtergcafagvkgvitgaikdvlhvvhspvgctaygngttkryptrpempdgsvfpvenfnlkhivgtdltesdvvfggmnklkkvireaskefpfvnaiyvyatcttgligddldavckemqaelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnytifeklvgtkeppkttdydinligeynidgdywvlekyfedmginvlskftgdathgelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpylkvdffgpeycaenlravgkyfgkeieaeavikkemekiqpeldfyksklqgkkiwisaggpkswhlskpieqylgmdvvalsglfehedgyekmqerakdgtiiiddpntlemeevvekyqpeivlggikekyffhklgvpsvmihsyengpyigfegfvnmardiytaiynpawklmefeeeepgdsne
>Cylindrospermum_stagnale_PCC_7417  coded_by=1..1506,organism=Cylindrospermum stagnale PCC 7417,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenkkiveerkelikevlsaypdkakkkrekhlnvfeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtarggayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqeleilfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarkaakeidkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradkakadgslkfdstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdekiqanaekviakyqptmdaivnkyrprldgktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivygdvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwaligapwnkkaqakkakakata
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=2238..3716,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=A.vinelandii major nif gene cluster encoding nitrogen fixation complex, complete cds
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrnkhlavndpavtqskkciisnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddiesvskvkgaelsktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlgkrdedttfastpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrcvaqwsgdgsiseieltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaakfdesiqkkceeviakykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtmkemgdstllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapweasegaekvaasa
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=137758..139236,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain:Nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrnkhlavndpavtqskkciisnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddiesvskvkgaelsktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlgkrdedttfastpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrcvaqwsgdgsiseieltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaakfdesiqkkceeviakykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtmkemgdstllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapweasegaekvaasa
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=137758..139236,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain:Nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrnkhlavndpavtqskkciisnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddiesvskvkgaelsktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlgkrdedttfastpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrcvaqwsgdgsiseieltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaakfdesiqkkceeviakykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtmkemgdstllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapweasegaekvaasa
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=137758..139236,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain:Nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrnkhlavndpavtqskkciisnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddiesvskvkgaelsktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlgkrdedttfastpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrcvaqwsgdgsiseieltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaakfdesiqkkceeviakykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtmkemgdstllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapweasegaekvaasa
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2887185..2888750),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=Fe-only nitrogenase FeFe protein subunit AnfD precursor
mpyhefdcskciperkkhavikgpgetltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyasdmkekhivfgaekllkqniieafkafpkikrmtiyqtcasaligddmnavaqevmdelpdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawikqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhranlnvlecarsaeyicnelrtkygtprldidgfgfeplsaslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpeldwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihaemgvdvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelegleamenlkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpwkgfegwvrfardvynaiyspihqlayldiskdeipadkgfvtqrmlsdanlseevtsstelreytgkydvisplrdktypdfppkqlssag
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans  coded_by=complement(<1..1181),organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans,definition=NifE
misqkvqevfeeaacghnqaksekdrkkgctkvatpgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdaahlvhgpiacegnswdnrsalssgsrlyrtgfttdmnemdviyggekhlfkairqiierfdppaiflyqtcvpaiigddieavskaatekfgrpvipvnapgfvggknlgnklagealldyvigtmepetttptdlniigeynlsgelwqvrplldrlgirvsacisgdaryrevasshraraamlvcskaminiarkmeeryeipwfegsfygisdmsaslrniskllvergapadllerteeliskeekeawasiekyrpglegkrallitggvkswsvvsalqeaglvvvgtsvkkstkedkeritelmgedahmidtmtpkemyrmlkdaeg
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=complement(22648..24018),organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
megllvsskpkikellvesacehnkghkkgpcntptpgattggcaldgaqialfpfadaahlihgpmscvggawetrltptswpgrdltqtgfatdintndvvfsgekklaeaidhvithyapeavfvystcvtaltgddidavcrqgserhgtpcvpvhapgfvgaknlgsriageavlrhligtkepadttpfdinligehnntgelwryrhlleelgirvrstfsgdgrtasirtahraklnvivcakslismtrkmeqqygipwiscsfygmtdtsnsilaiaealgdadliartraliareearleeklipyravfagkkavlntggnkswsiasalqdlgievvatsvrksteadkakarqylgenailmtspasqqaqviddtgahlllaggrslytaikkriaftdvnqekkksyggydgllvlaedlkislqnpvfelvdrkapwqk
>Phascolarctobacterium_succinatutens_CAG:287  coded_by=11500..12789,organism=Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens CAG:287,definition=oxidoreductase nitrogenase component 1
maiktrrfysarkscscsmpgvwravaymdgavvvfhspracahvartmdinsqyrtlsenereqwgsvpllssqmqekdaifggaarlekclhfaietykpkclmianscvagvigddvesvareveeeynvpiltveccgflgaeyydgyfeitqkllerfvkpcakqkdsvlllgdnggpwghyakevtrilqefgvkvigqfpgymamdelekvaaaeyaivlggrgqthiglrkvaeqlqekygthyladiypvgwqetqdwiisigrmlgreqlaqqvlrleqqrlseqlqhflpvtegkktvlcigrilryfhpgnilqtirllrlnltgiilldsydgdereamlkvvqensdvpvyttaegeklvaeadivltthelqnkearqiflpmlpqvavagevkmmqgiyqslcsrlkggvryv
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=2666398..2667807,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mplkllkcdvtipererhvyikepgedttqylpisnaatipgtlsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwstnlkekhiifggekqlkqsiieafqempdikrmfiyttcataligddpkavakavekelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhvlnmgwinekvgtleptitspytinfigdyniqgdsqvlekyfhkmgiqiiahftgnasyddlrgmhraqlnvvncarsagyianelkkrygiprldidswgfeycqdalrkvgaffgledkaeeviaeevakyqeqmdwyrarlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmtvvamsskfghqedfekviargnegtiyiddaneleffevlemvkpdlvltgprvgdlvkklhlpyinghayhngpymgfegsvnmardmynaiysplmklaaidvrekaalevgv
>Sporomusa_ovata_DSM_2662  coded_by=complement(41636..43249),organism=Sporomusa ovata DSM 2662,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mavtekelqeildqypskvqknrtkhifikdgaesaqvieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgplkdmvhithgpigcgyyswstrrnkaksddptqnflnycvstdmqesdivfggekklakvidevvdifhpncitvsatcpvgligddisavaraaesrhgvpvlafscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmervigageaekaagkypinilgeyniggdswevervlkeigytvvsvmtgdgsyeelknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiadmletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgmceslrnmalyfgdealiakteeviarevarieplieqykkicdgktafcfvggsrghhyqglfaeigietvlagyefahrddyegrqviptiktdadtknipelhvsadeqrfrlkvspekmeelkqkiplsdyagmavtmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikllkpdifasgikdkyviqkmgipakqlhsydysgpyagfngavnfardvsmgfaspswnyivppwqdeplltgtvteegva
>Sporomusa_sp._An4  coded_by=complement(17285..18898),organism=Sporomusa sp. An4,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mavtekelqeildqypskvqknrtkhifikdgaesaqvieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgplkdmvhithgpigcgyyswstrrnkaksddptqnflnycvstdmqesdivfggekklakvidevvdifhpncitvsatcpvgligddisavaraaesrhgvpvlafscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmervigageaekaagkypinilgeyniggdswevervlkeigytvvsvmtgdgsyeelknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiadmletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgmceslrnmalyfgdealiakteeviarevarieplieqykkicdgktafcfvggsrghhyqglfaeigietvlagyefahrddyegrqviptiktdadtknipelhvsadeqrfrlkvspekmeelkqkiplsdyagmavtmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikllkpdifasgikdkyviqkmgipakqlhsydysgpyagfngavnfardvsmgfaspswnyivppwqdeplltgtvteegva
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gtlt9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gtlt9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksaseasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_CM1  coded_by=3651903..3653459,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri CM1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelvelyhppvifvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhnihvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkrlikrpsedeikkkgprvpetikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsmtgdstakaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmnylakwmqaeygipylnasffgiedislalrrtadyfgseeikkraeqileteinrimpeisrvrekvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfdelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellirqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfarevdasisspvwkavrqrilipeivgseqklgkiekaavkdmtsgenyakeckgillkpellhqksevavesqv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=complement(5626138..5627640),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msviekqsvaeikarnkeliaevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdklpadaaprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasyfddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmtkapwkqapkpllqaae
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=complement(2072781..2074328),organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=Nitrogenase
mtenksphiidskinleeatcpnreqranginvwygkasdlvkearegtltrrerkfqqtsgcvlnfyltvrvgtirdaavvyhapvgcsssalgyrelyrgvpvelgrpaeydlhwittnlrendvvygateklksaifeaqrrynpkaifvmtsctsgiigediegvvaevqpkvkarivpvhcegsrsrlvqtgydafwhgvlkylvkkpqkkqkdlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllekvglrvnfipefatveqleqlseaavtaplcptytdylsrgleqeygvpyflypspmgiantdawlreigkhtgkskeiekliedehkvwipklkaiqeefakvkadgkkvevlgalgqgrllaqlpyfdelglkssaamcqdfdnlilgdlenliknvgdfdilvntfqaaeqshitrkldpdialtcpfqggafkrdkgmtrihalrgdpdpwsrqsgytgaiafgnfllqslkssafqrtmlektentykdwwyrqpdplhylikedgep
>Desulfobulbus_propionicus_DSM_2032  coded_by=complement(3117044..3118402),organism=Desulfobulbus propionicus DSM 2032,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meavalkereqqifvkgeapfdivcnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadavhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqekdvifggekklaaalrelierhspkaafvystcivgiigddleavcrqvaieygipvipvksegfkgnkragyqaacdalfrligtgdttgisnyslnilgdfnlageiwmirdyyqrmgievvanitgdgrvadiqrahgaalnvvqcsgstmqlanmmeekygipsirvsyfgiedmaealydiarffkdpemmertkkiveeevkqlavalepyrqalagkkaaiyvggsfkafslvkafrlidmqvvmvgsqtgtkedyielaaitdpgtiivddsnplelttflkekevdvfvggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkealagfegmlnfarevyssvmspvwqfvprkksapstr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(113465..114931),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpinlnvtsagtrenrlgsitgyagdlhdlvnqsrcgtlkerercfsqssscdagcalsqlayirdvaiinhapsgctamasativahtqlaakrglaydtiflgtdmdendtifgatiglreiiletynrykpnaifvgtscvsgiigedvdsvinelaseipiplaavhcegfksrvwasgfdaadhavltslvkppqrktnlinfknfnenargeitelfanfgvepfflysnstveelshisealatvsicgtlgtylgnaleekygvpyiktinplgiagfeiwlreigrvihqeteveayiererakylpkieeikkelkglravlgmgasyafqisrvlqelgikvvwvaswhydtkydnneipphveylekespynfkvsvsdqqnfeilnilntyqpdiylarhpgttvwaikqgiaaffladeyktfgyrgtldfaqtildtirnrsfeknlaaritlpytdwwyqqnhaaflkedsk
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(10549..12015),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpinlnvtsagtrenrlgsitgyagdlhdlvnqsrcgtlkerercfsqssscdagcalsqlayirdvaiinhapsgctamasativahtqlaakrglaydtiflgtdmdendtifgatiglreiiletynrykpnaifvgtscvsgiigedvdsvinelaseipiplaavhcegfksrvwasgfdaadhavltslvkppqrktnlinfknfnenargeitelfanfgvepfflysnstveelshisealatvsicgtlgtylgnaleekygvpyiktinplgiagfeiwlreigrvihqeteveayiererakylpkieeikkelkglravlgmgasyafqisrvlqelgikvvwvaswhydtkydnneipphveylekespynfkvsvsdqqnfeilnilntyqpdiylarhpgttvwaikqgiaaffladeyktfgyrgtldfaqtildtirnrsfeknlaaritlpytdwwyqqnhaaflkedsk
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=41228..42694,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpinlnvtsagtrenrlgsitgyagdlhdlvnqsrcgtlkerercfsqssscdagcalsqlayirdvaiinhapsgctamasativahtqlaakrglaydtiflgtdmdendtifgatiglreiiletynrykpnaifvgtscvsgiigedvdsvinelaseipiplaavhcegfksrvwasgfdaadhavltslvkppqrktnlinfknfnenargeitelfanfgvepfflysnstveelshisealatvsicgtlgtylgnaleekygvpyiktinplgiagfeiwlreigrvihqeteveayiererakylpkieeikkelkglravlgmgasyafqisrvlqelgikvvwvaswhydtkydnneipphveylekespynfkvsvsdqqnfeilnilntyqpdiylarhpgttvwaikqgiaaffladeyktfgyrgtldfaqtildtirnrsfeknlaaritlpytdwwyqqnhaaflkedsk
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(10753..12219),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpinlnvtsagtrenrlgsitgyagdlhdlvnqsrcgtlkerercfsqssscdagcalsqlayirdvaiinhapsgctamasativahtqlaakrglaydtiflgtdmdendtifgatiglreiiletynrykpnaifvgtscvsgiigedvdsvinelaseipiplaavhcegfksrvwasgfdaadhavltslvkppqrktnlinfknfnenargeitelfanfgvepfflysnstveelshisealatvsicgtlgtylgnaleekygvpyiktinplgiagfeiwlreigrvihqeteveayiererakylpkieeikkelkglravlgmgasyafqisrvlqelgikvvwvaswhydtkydnneipphveylekespynfkvsvsdqqnfeilnilntyqpdiylarhpgttvwaikqgiaaffladeyktfgyrgtldfaqtildtirnrsfeknlaaritlpytdwwyqqnhaaflkedsk
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=131926..133392,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpinlnvtsagtrenrlgsitgyagdlhdlvnqsrcgtlkerercfsqssscdagcalsqlayirdvaiinhapsgctamasativahtqlaakrglaydtiflgtdmdendtifgatiglreiiletynrykpnaifvgtscvsgiigedvdsvinelaseipiplaavhcegfksrvwasgfdaadhavltslvkppqrktnlinfknfnenargeitelfanfgvepfflysnstveelshisealatvsicgtlgtylgnaleekygvpyiktinplgiagfeiwlreigrvihqeteveayiererakylpkieeikkelkglravlgmgasyafqisrvlqelgikvvwvaswhydtkydnneipphveylekespynfkvsvsdqqnfeilnilntyqpdiylarhpgttvwaikqgiaaffladeyktfgyrgtldfaqtildtirnrsfeknlaaritlpytdwwyqqnhaaflkedsk
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_E718  coded_by=4037798..4039171,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca E718,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=complement(148331..149977),organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msslaatvqnvfdepgcakngskseaerkngctkplqpggaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsnlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdpaaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasqrfakpvipinspgfvgsknlgnklagealldyvigtqepdyvtpydinligeynlsgelwqvkplldelgvrilscisgdgkyhevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrykipffegsfygirdsseslrqlarllvergaptdllgrteaviareearawaaiapykprfegkkallmtggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstredkerikelmgqdahmiedmtpremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqerchaymgyvgmvklveeidkslsspmweqlrrpapwealakvaeqmqspvtaiacdpamaeserrarkicvcnnvdlgtiedaiyvhglrsvaavrehtnavggccqtriegmlvsepsdlrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pter37  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pter37,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrsapeasrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfotomaculum_nigrificans_DSM_574  coded_by=complement(31496..33037),organism=Desulfotomaculum nigrificans DSM 574,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mainqkvleellnqypskvkrnrkkhiiikdsalarqeieantrtipgiitnrgcafytwgarrnkaksedptknfinycvstdmqesdivfggekklarmidevmeifkpnaitisatcpvgligddlqavakaaqekhgipilafncegykgvsqsaghhiannglmegvigqgdweeapgkypinilgeyniggdsweverilkeigytviavmtgdgsyeelknahvaelnlvqchrsinyiadmletkygtpwlkvnfigvqatidslrnmalyfgdpaliqkteeviarelarvepilgqykkicqgktafcfvggsrghhyqglyaelgietvlagyefahrddyegrdvipeikldadtknipdlhvtpderrfrlkispermeelkkkiplsnykgmniemkdgsiivddlnhfeteefirllkpdifssgikdkyvvqkmgipskqlhsydysgpyagfngavnfardiamaftsptwnfitppwknepllegtiaeggcsec
>mine_drainage_metagenome  coded_by=complement(1609..3066),organism=mine drainage metagenome,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msltveqvkvrnqalieevlevypektakrrakhlnvyeegktdcnvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiedlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwifdksegkhpefvstpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskieaslreiashfddkikegaerviakykplmqavidkykprlagktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpiwgltktpwans
>Blastochloris_viridis  coded_by=3425658..3427178,organism=Blastochloris viridis,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
mpinlktpavetreqrlgtitqwegsarqlardsaftygcakgcnpdargqggrrlcesstpysqasmcaehiavtnatiiqrsvvvqhapigcaasqsftcryyrdlaarrgweledpksictnlgeqdmvfggverleqtiraaferhkprvifvatscatgiigddvdgaarrveaeigipvvtlhcegfkskhwssgwdviehgilrrlvptaparqpdlinvihlggsdvfspllgplglkvnlvmggstlerlaamseasatvtmcfvlsylatgleqefgipevkaplpygldatdgwlrdiaritgredrveeliarerarinpelerlrralkgkkgfvaagaafahgliadlrdlgvevdgafsfhhdpstdsgdprqdslmhlvdtwgdvpnftvspdqhfqahaalkrskpdfvvcrhsgttavlaarlgipvlpifysndgigydglitigrailrvlprrrfyqdvashshfpyqpwwleqtepyapilepa
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(16128..17576),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
makiiernredrkyavtgggscssklserfkkrclknaersfaqttqcqeinsiqallsmedaafvvhspngcvgcvsfmndnfkvgqyhrgiqnirnaryivtsldekdivfggeeklkkavldlnsrykpniififsscasgiigddidsvatnlqkeidaiivpihcegfkskvpatgfdtafnsiikyvlkdeklekekglinvfattsigykdqleiekllgvlglhvnyipfyssveklrkivraeysvaicqvfadefmeylkneynipysttgmpigirstdewflsvaklvgkediarkyieeqhkkvlpeltkirkltegkkvficagtgrgiaaatliedfgmtlvgiqtptyeeafiesfdelekihggdfiidvanmqpfeqvnlvnklkpdfflgmsnwvsklgipsthileakrptfgyngliylgrkiensienpsfniklskhkklpykeawyeenafkylkegv
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=443302..444675,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryrpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnriagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C066B000  coded_by=complement(36973..38475),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C066B000,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksggeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyylgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=2674770..2676170,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=putative nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain NifD
maelfrarvaptrekrsaalaafhgtlaalareaeapvprlrsfvhdhpsdlqaalallsgvaglgavvhgpagcaaalrgargpwastgldqrdsilggearlaqtvralhaahapqaiavvatpvvainnddiettavelreelgipvfavgcdgfrsrlagtgtdvalqallrqllpprprergnqllllttgsstadvaaagallaelglgwsalpqglavgtleavasarlavaldgeddghaaallqegygvpaiappppigraassrwlaavgdatghgaqarllatrheqrlaeaaaplarfagarvavalpaaqaaafdgllnelglrgagfvlpsvaagdraavaalaqaggerpvivgegqgfeethllrrlapdllvtrgqpaahalalgipvldlqttpitgydgfaavaraierrlarpalaaflgagparedytpgwlgrspnwyvkqear
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=739188..740669,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase
mgtinlkessvtiretrlgsitgfngsakelvtcahagklkdsprkfsqcmgcnaghafcqlsmirdavvvnhapigcagdffgfnftyrveqmkrelpatigryfstcieekdtvfgaakkledtvreaykrtkpnaifvttscasgiigedvdaitenlskelgipviscscegfrskiwttgfdaayhsilrklvkpprkktnkinvanfwgshifdeflnrlgyeaqyivpfstvaeleyiseaaatihicpslstylgaaleqeygvkeikappaygiegtdiwmreigrvlgkeeeieeiikeehervlpkleeyreklkgkiayvtagaahghaiiamlrelglivqgaaifhhdplydnkdktsdalaqtvniygdikhynvcnkqayelvnilnrvkpdlmiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyasrivetldnrefvsnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflggnnsveny
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=739188..740669,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=Nitrogenase
mgtinlkessvtiretrlgsitgfngsakelvtcahagklkdsprkfsqcmgcnaghafcqlsmirdavvvnhapigcagdffgfnftyrveqmkrelpatigryfstcieekdtvfgaakkledtvreaykrtkpnaifvttscasgiigedvdaitenlskelgipviscscegfrskiwttgfdaayhsilrklvkpprkktnkinvanfwgshifdeflnrlgyeaqyivpfstvaeleyiseaaatihicpslstylgaaleqeygvkeikappaygiegtdiwmreigrvlgkeeeieeiikeehervlpkleeyreklkgkiayvtagaahghaiiamlrelglivqgaaifhhdplydnkdktsdalaqtvniygdikhynvcnkqayelvnilnrvkpdlmiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyasrivetldnrefvsnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflggnnsveny
>Methylosinus_trichosporium_OB3b  coded_by=21043..22596,organism=Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mqmrslnpflpkraksqsirwrtgpsagktgiviepaspvpvqtiapapdvdyrkdprgrkpklcagekpapradesrdparpryfsppsypdagkidfcsgglhgrsvaswasaldmipldhgpvgcgaygqslrlrapgfaqgiesfsalhfctdlraddledggderlrramseavelfplargfavtsedpvalldsnvkgiakiemrrtqrlvlpldtykswavetaaalqsasrifsrpsskkmhvalpyareapalvwivsklladmgietvheitqsssldlarmkdcrfiigfagavdvmdedmrggyadllrqwlstpiiwtcfespsmttaslraigerldrrtarraeqtiargealvratieryrprlrnklmlhfrpmtetqlepyrllglrigdasgwigktgkrrtprlrcdadhpdeaaidsylaeakpdlvlhfgdgesrgeyewrkraqvalpfspffdrkgnafwgydgfaclaealdkatnatwrrivatpwkqra
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR811  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR811,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnqgisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitperepkfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>[Clostridium]_purinilyticum  coded_by=123271..124740,organism=[Clostridium] purinilyticum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtinllnedlqirenrlgsitgyhgsakdlsncsrksvlndrersftqcsscssgtaicqlamiqdavvinhaplgcsgdfpefnfinrtgqikrkmklknvrlistnlrekdmiyggneklektikeayerynpkaifvttscgsgiigddvngavekaeselgipivpifcegfrskiwatgfdaayhgilkkivkppknksnniiniinfwgddyfsnlfeklglipnyivpfttitqleklseaaatiqvcstlgtyfstaleqefgvpevkspppygilgtdiwlrelgnivgkekeveeliisekqrieeelqdlrnklkgkkafvaagavhghsiisvlkelgiqvagactwhhdpildnrdetsdslkhvvdtygdiqltvcnkqsfemvnllnrvepdifivrhsgmsiwgaklgiptmligdeqfglgyqgiinygqkiydmitnssyvknlskytklpytkwwleqdpfyflggnage
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(12796..14268),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
maidlkisavvtresrlgsvtgyngdlhdivnkskcgtlknrdrcfsqssscnamcalgqlsgirdvaiinhspsgctavasginvnnnqlatkrgvsnntvflgtdmdendtvfgatgslkeiiietynrykpkaifvgtscvsgiigedvdsvveqvkkeipenipvaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavlssivkppkkktnkinfknfyeserkqiieifsnfgvepvffyqnstveelehlsealatvsicgvlgsylgngleqeygvpfvktinplgiagfetwlrgigsaigkekeveayiereraiyipkieevkkelkglkavlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkmhdneelpaplkylsensqdnfkvsvadqqnfeilniinhykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgaaalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtiknrsfeknlasriklpytewwykqdnstflteegk
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=complement(3084863..3086326),organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain
msldyendkalanaaiqevldaypektakkrkkhlgtiettdegsscnvksnvksapgvmtirgcayagskgvcwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyngttgvdsfvtmqitsdfqekdivfggdkmlekmideakvlfplargfsvqsecpigligddieavarkkakdtglpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvftrenkeefettpydvniigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwtgdstlaemerapkakinlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwmeynffgpsqiekslrkiaahfdetiqanaekviakyrpavdaviakfrprlegksvllyvgglrprhtatayedlgmkivgagyefahnddyqrtteymkdgtlifddvtgfelekfieklrpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdmainnpvwslqkapwkkaaae
>Methylosinus_sporium  coded_by=<1..>1035,organism=Methylosinus sporium,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
yswasrrnyyigvtgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskaktkeynghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdkmegkpalfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskieeslrkiashfddkikegaerviakyrplmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvsgn
>Pantoea_agglomerans  coded_by=1155..2528,organism=Pantoea agglomerans,definition=Plasmid pEA3 nitrogen fixation genes
mkakeilalidepacehnhkqksgcslpkpgataggcafdgaqiallpvadvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsrssgpsinrmgfttdmseqdvimgrgerrlfhavqhivshyhpvavfiyntcvpamegddveavcraasaaagvpvisvdaagfygsknlgnriagdvmvkkvigqrepapwpenspipaghrhsisligefniagefwqvlplldelgirvlcslsgdsrfaeiqtmhrgeanmlvcsralinvarkmeeryqipwfegsfyglrsmadslrtisvllkdpdlqarterliereeaathlalapyrarlsgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgitvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgedvlmldegnartlldtlyrfggdimiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyhglvnlaeqlcitlespvwaqvnrlapwr
>mine_drainage_metagenome  coded_by=complement(22019..23473),organism=mine drainage metagenome,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain (Nitrogenase component I) (Dinitrogenase), nifD
msltieetkvrnkeliaevlkaypeksakrrakhldvheegqsecdvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgidsfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiqvlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfektdaeknkfeatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrymeekygipwveynffgpskieaslreiaghfddkikegaerviakykaltdaviakyqprlkdktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmkvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgfefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwaltkapwkk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS27_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS27_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS14_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS14_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS17_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS17_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS16_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS16_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS16_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS16_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS20_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS20_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS11_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS11_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Wiesmoor  coded_by=3181951..3183243,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Wiesmoor,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mvgcalegatgvlagikdisivihspqgcsstvsaaydvheidftkrkvactrlfetdvvmgassklknlikeadskfktkaifvvgtcaadiigedieglcrniqpqinakliplmaggfrgnlydgielglnalfpfikkqnekipcsvnliapqanlnptwwadlewvretlekigikvqavlphdtsleeldnaglasanillshdagyefglkmkevhdiplilsdiplpiglkntarwlravgnyfgveekveaiikdgedlaidvlrrrglmmipryrncrvavsadatmgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrspvsdsqllleneltdmgispkvvfsadgyqikqslmescvdavfgssweyylaeelgikfvfdvfnptnrqnylnrayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskhidweeys
>Diplosphaera_colitermitum_TAV2  coded_by=47340..49112,organism=Diplosphaera colitermitum TAV2,definition=Nitrogenase
mstisdplsdgaasasppeppsppgssaafadtidpavardemlkiypdktkkkrakqfllndpenppqiaantrtipgiitqrgctyagcrgvvigpmhdvlhithgpigcsfyswqtrrnlarphpgqinylqysmttdmmedeiifggekklaaaireayaifkpkaiavyatcpvgligddihtvcrlakeelginifgfscegykgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvglddtpddaefrinmlgeyniggdaweidtllrkcgihitatlsgdisyeqvtrchtvdlnvvqchrsinymaemmekkfgipwfkvnfigaestakslrkiakyfdskkltdrveeviaqemavlrpirddvrsrcqgktaalfvggsrahhyqdlfrdmgmkviaagyefahrddyegravlptikidadsrnieeisveadakryrprktaeqdaaleaggftyrdyegmmkemakhtlviddishheieklieiykpdvigsgikekfiieklgvpckqlhsydyggpyaaftgaanfykeidrmvntkvwklvtapwktnpavparpvykpkdksaaiedepktwkaaagagdeg
>Rhizobium_etli_CIAT_652  coded_by=complement(382470..383972),organism=Rhizobium etli CIAT 652,definition=nitrogenase protein, iron-molybdenum alpha chain NifD
msldyendsvlheqliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkkaapaeavaae
>Rhizobium_etli_CIAT_652  coded_by=complement(287351..288853),organism=Rhizobium etli CIAT 652,definition=nitrogenase protein, iron-molybdenum alpha chain NifD
msldyendsvlheqliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkkaapaeavaae
>Sulfuricurvum_kujiense_DSM_16994  coded_by=1307349..1308716,organism=Sulfuricurvum kujiense DSM 16994,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvsrakikelmnesacshskdkkpgegcdkpkpglaaggcafdgaqislfpyadavhlvhgpqtclgaswetretktsytgrdhtqmgfttgittndvifggdkrldasidyimehyrpeaifvystcvtalvgddidmtchlaskkhgvpvvpvhaagfvgsknlgsrlageavlehligtkepekttpydinligdynvtgdmwqylpifekigirvlssmsgdgrvgdircahraklnvivcakslitltrkmqeqygipwisvsfygkrdtsfaireivnalgcpeliaraeeviaeeeagleaklapykalfagkkavlntggnkawsiasglqdlgievvatsvakstqddidkareylgengvlmtkpaaeqakvidstgahillaggrslytaikkkisfidvnqekktsyggyngllnlaedlkyafrnpvfanvgkpapweemny
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR625  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR625,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperkpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR562  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR562,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperkpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Burkholderia_sp._KJ006  coded_by=488688..490181,organism=Burkholderia sp. KJ006,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
msaslkakiaevfdepgcdknqdksekarkkgctkqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekrlfrsvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckratekfgkpvipvnspgfagpknlgnklggealldyvigtrepdyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldalgvrilscisgdgrydavasahrakvnmmvcsksminiatrmqqrygipyfegsfygigdmsdtlrqiatllvrqgapddlveraerliaseearawariahyrkrlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkekikeimgddahmiddmtpremyamlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqerhhpyggyegmvelvheidraifnpvwqqvripapwgddgetlgavragaaaasapiphgvhawamglepgvva
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Mm611  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Mm611,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkispeaelrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Nostoc_sp._'Peltigera_membranacea_(LA31632_AccXBB013(IINH))_cyanobiont'  coded_by=<1..1342,organism=Nostoc sp. 'Peltigera membranacea (LA31632_AccXBB013(IINH)) cyanobiont',definition=vnfN
saettfdncnhskdpvvgcalegiattvagikdvsiviqspqgcastvaagydahevdftkrkvgctrlfesdivmgasdklkgmikeadqsfdskvmfvvgtcaadiigediaglcnqlqpdikaklvplmaggfrgnaydglemgleallpfikkrqtkrrgrkprivniiapqanlnptwwadlewvkktlkslrikvqtvfshntsfeeleqageatanivlshdvgykfarkmqqthdiplilddiplpigvnnttqwlkalaahfkidekvepiikqgeemvvdtlrkralmiipryrncriavsadgtlgiglvrmlfeelemipevllfrsampdsrsilerelhslgltsrvifsadgyqvkqtleefdvdavigsawekymaeelgikiafdvfsptnretyvdkpyfgyegminimeviandwdrafrskeihwt
>Clostridium_hungatei  coded_by=113..1666,organism=Clostridium hungatei,definition=nitrogenase 3 subunit D
mphhefecskviperkkhavikgkgetladalpqgylntipgsisergcaycvakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdvkekhivfgaekllkqniieafkrfpqikrmtiyqtpctaligddinaiaeevmeempevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitrpcdqlcgrvqhsgrpgsdggllqahgypgaihfhrqlsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfkpladslrkygmffgiedrrkaiideevarwkpeldwykerlmgkkvsvwpggsklwhwahvieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgmprcgegtlaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsgiditkdnapewgngfrtrqmlsdgnlsdavrnsetlaqytggydsvsnvrereypaferkvg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR478  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR478,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpekskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyfsrh
>Rhodovulum_sulfidophilum  coded_by=complement(1536738..1538210),organism=Rhodovulum sulfidophilum,definition=nitrogenase, iron-molybdenum alpha chain protein
makdipdpiapeklieevlsaypakaqkkrtkhlnvaapapegeteiaskcdtvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgttgvdsfvtfqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinalfplskgitvqsecpigligddieavarkkkkdvnktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfnggeessyepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrmllqeiglnvvgswsgdatlaeienapkarlnlihcyrsmnyicrymeenygvgwmeynffgpsqiaaslraiaakfdktvqdkaeeviakyqplvdavlakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeicgtgyefahgddykrtgeyikegtliyddvtgyelekfiegmrpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglfdapwkksa
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=53189..54670,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mnsansvkagkkedsvmsisemvqarkelvnqvlevypekakknrrqhlsvkesdcsscavksngktvpgimtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdivhishgpvgcgfyswanrrnlaegevgidnfvpfqftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiieevvelfpnakgvsvlsecpvgligddiesvarrmtektqrpvvpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhiigkgpereigpydigiigdyniggdawaskkileeiglnvvniwtgdstlemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnymanymeetygtpwlefnffgptkikesllniaahfddsirentqrviakyeaqmqkvidiyrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmeiigtgyefahkedyertypqlkegtliyddvsaleleefvkdlkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfpifardmdmavnsptwksikapwmk
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(4855903..4857384),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein alpha chain
mnsansvkagkkedsvmsisemvqarkelvnqvlevypekakknrrqhlsvkesdcsscavksngktvpgimtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdivhishgpvgcgfyswanrrnlaegevgidnfvpfqftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiieevvelfpnakgvsvlsecpvgligddiesvarrmtektqrpvvpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhiigkgpereigpydigiigdyniggdawaskkileeiglnvvniwtgdstlemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnymanymeetygtpwlefnffgptkikesllniaahfddsirentqrviakyeaqmqkvidiyrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmeiigtgyefahkedyertypqlkegtliyddvsaleleefvkdlkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfpifardmdmavnsptwksikapwmk
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=79698..81206,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=hypothetical protein
mdyirekappvredrlracnayggpssklvdqsqkgclhgikrkfaqtqgcqlnlslailntirdavvivhgpvgcgggslaqaginkgfqqlrdssargliwvntnlresevinggeanlreailhaeqefrpsaiiivnscvpaiigddvdsvveqvqkeisaklvpvhcegfktkimasaydavyhgilrnlmepdpvderyqrdeqevllekyrigrtvnvlnvssmsrideyelvrllkaldlnlnilpcyahpedfkkateaalnvsicathddyfvehlkekfnipfilrtipigvkytnrwiqdiaaffgieeearrfidqevrqleealtpyrdlfkgkrvlvgggeirvvanaellqylgleviglrayhydqfgdemlgeqeaiqeipfnvatgqpfemanlvnklkpdvyvghvgtnawaarqgipviplfhqsqlflgysgvfefarrlarilrnpafnrklgqnvrlpykedwyqkdafsyidegnvn
>Clostridium_acidurici_9a  coded_by=397658..398911,organism=Clostridium acidurici 9a,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
melykffpkpsdrmgtiwtlssidevyivefgpagtthfaiegmmqlngeskasvfttdldesdvsfgkterlekaivevdqnhnpkvifvmassisaiigtdienvcinledkvnarlipittggyngdyslgiektlemlckeivrtsdtkkkntyniigsnidmynflsdteeikkmmkcafnmdvnttftaytsideienagsaeinlilrnegikgakileksnsipyhygrpyglkgtmdwitnisekhnliineqyikdevsrlrrnmisykmmtrelknkkvilvgdldvvvgltsfveeigllvekiivkhstskkvketvperykkiiefdlsemeiekylnsqeiylllgdggtlklqnkselkfqisnpnllkhniypytpfvgfsgalyliqclyelekgklav
>Clostridium_sp._BNL1100  coded_by=complement(2951800..2953146),organism=Clostridium sp. BNL1100,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mteslileerkdfikfgfeksgktaikcesnsvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhivhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgsdlyrnsfstdlteqdivfggekklsaaidevvqkhnpkvifvyatcivgvigddveavcrhaekqhgtrvipvkspgfsgnksygykmacnailellrphsnipkihgvnilgdfnlagemwiikkylneigipvvstitgdagydnlikapsarlnlvqcagsmtylakkmeaemnipfikvsffgvedtsqsliriaeaigaeeninkariftqsetdrlrpllekyksrlegkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfnqmgietvvvgtqtgkpeeyeiitnlvgenavilddanpaeleafmkekdadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalagyegvvnftkeinlsmnspvweyikqet
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mc3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mc3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagtsdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaqvideiqglfplnhgitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkltpeterrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>825,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfg
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>825,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C15-2660  coded_by=<1..>764,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C15-2660,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkakl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._8.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 8.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwlfdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._AAP120  coded_by=33818..35329,organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. AAP120,definition=nitrogenase
mtlnlktstvetreqrlgtiigwdgtaskladesafsrgecggcgskarrvcelegpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnirdavliqhspigcgagqviynsiyrnglamrglpvqnirfistnlrerdmvyggadklavairaaverhapkavfiatscasgiigddvesvaraaeaefgipiiplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrknpekrqddlinvinlwgtdvftpmlaelglrvnyvvdmatveqlaqmsearatvsfcytlgtylataleqefgveqikapqpygfpgtdawlrelarvtgresqaedyiareharvkplldelrpklrglkgyvatgsayshgligvlreigvevdgslvfhhdpvydsedprqdslghlvehygdvrhftvgnrqqyqfynllqrvkpdfiiirhnglaplaarlgipaiplgdehhalgyqgmvnlgesilaalqhrkfhqdiarrvslpykqswlsqqdpfalsraava
>Methanococcus_maripaludis  coded_by=4588..6039,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis,definition=NifE
mvlnldtenrkmqdgnndddfdlevqipnsifeklksiealkarespmcvsgkddsiptcdqnstpgmitqrscvyggarvvlmpitdavhlvhgpigcaactwdirgskstgdklykngfstdlqekdivfggekklyesilevnklyhpgaifvystcvvgligddlkavcrqaqeatgcrvipvqsegfksfnktaghklacdamldyvigteepeeehpysiniigefnvagdlwgiiplyekmgvkvhtaitgdstvakvasahrsklnivqcpkssnylaaqmdkkygipsfkvnffgldettkslravaeffgdeemikrteelikseiknlrdeiseyqkdlsgrtvaiysgahkswalvsafgeldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqqirdhvcegtlivddassmelvqllkeykpdilisgakekylslksgiphcdfnhdritafsgyqgfinfarvvhtavmtpiwrlsrkmmi
>Vibrio_natriegens_NBRC_15636_=_ATCC_14048_=_DSM_759  coded_by=107721..109187,organism=Vibrio natriegens NBRC 15636 = ATCC 14048 = DSM 759,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtmnkeqtqalidevlevypevaradrkkhvavndssadsskcitsnrktlpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyysgttgvdsfgtlnfttdfqerdivfggdkklasaideietlfplvkgisiqsecpvgligddieavaktksqeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtlrdyvldgsadkefestdydvaiigdyniggdawssriiledmglrvvaqwsgdgtlpelentpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyivrymeekhgipwieynlfgptkieesmrkiaalfdekiqqqteeviaryreqwnaviekyrprlegkqvmlyvgglrprhiigayedlgmeivgagyefahnddyvkttpemkdatllfddassyeleeyvkrlkpdligsgikekyifqkmgfpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfaifardmdmtinnpcwsnltapwksqdavelakta
>Vibrio_sp._EJY3  coded_by=649898..651364,organism=Vibrio sp. EJY3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtmnkeqtqalidevlevypevaradrkkhvavndssadsskcitsnrktlpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyysgttgvdsfgtlnfttdfqerdivfggdkklasaideietlfplvkgisiqsecpvgligddieavaktksqeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtlrdyvldgsadkefestdydvaiigdyniggdawssriiledmglrvvaqwsgdgtlpelentpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyivrymeekhgipwieynlfgptkieesmrkiaalfdekiqqqteeviaryreqwnaviekyrprlegkqvmlyvgglrprhiigayedlgmeivgagyefahnddyvkttpemkdatllfddassyeleeyvkrlkpdligsgikekyifqkmgfpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfaifardmdmtinnpcwsnltapwksqdavelakta
>Caldicellulosiruptor_hydrothermalis_108  coded_by=complement(2204682..2205971),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor hydrothermalis 108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maikafleqrqghivqsgipqcsrptipgvmsqractyygarwvlapvrnsthivhapadcayygqnvrkknylilstdmnekdvifgaheklercieeaakifpehsmifvystctssqigedikwvvervkekvqkpiipvevpgfggfsqsdghhiaqraiisylseycrkestqpfsvniigeynvagetivvkkllekigikvicsytgncdadlmqestsaalnllvckssglllaqfmrekysipfvdvsfyglsntinclkriskffgiehkvemviseeyekikdklekykkkifgkkavillggsrigfmtgafkeagleicvcgsqfgcnidyeaarfelpsalfiddfncaeieeillrikpdvfiggtrewylahkfgvpflvlpqetkpyacfegflnmcedlykeilspvwrli
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_phosphatis_clade_IIA_str._UW-1  coded_by=5031736..5033229,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis clade IIA str. UW-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mseltreetealiqevlevypekarkdrakhlaandqsveqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklakliaeiemlfplhkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkgakemdkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvldkrdgqafeatpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvsqwsgdgtlaeiektpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslraiaaqfddhikegaerviakyqpmmeaviakykprlqgktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmqvigtgyefahnddydrtikemgnatllyddatgfeleefikrmkpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgiplrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisnpcwskqtppwkkqpealepteegdlkkva
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=157785..159302,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mgyyeqneppvrdqrltigdsfngygcdlsecagngciskknrsfwqanacqmalslmmaatienaviilhgpigcgvqlpnissaikagrakrgknpnsliwlstnmqktdviyggenslretikyadrefrpeiifvvstcapsiigddvedivnrvrkeiasditaihcpgfksrvvasaydsfyhslirhirfepepykdfypvdkdnpnyeigfakkkhqksrtvnlfnatsinaddekeivrllnaldlkvqifteycskdefrfvseaalnvsmcnvhddyilkyleekynipyiiqgmpigrkstrkwltsiaaffgkqeeadrlcdmeetrlkeaiepflprlkgkrtllgggvvrigeealllkdlgleilairayhydtgaqpiydrvaeeladtpiavstqifelanqvkkynpdiiidhvgkhgwiaklgypsvnlfsparpflgytgefafvkniafnlenpsfskrlsqkvklpykdswyerdafsyike
>Methanosaeta_concilii_GP6  coded_by=541456..543006,organism=Methanosaeta concilii GP6,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mvkglpqktqdirkkhvvvkdsceieqrieandrsvpgiltnrgcayagskgvvfgpikdilhithgpigcayftwgtrrnlmsqdegrecysgyclstdvketdivfgaekklataireayaifkpecisvfctcpigligddiesvcrkaeedlkikiipvrcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehlvgteelenpgpfdvnvfgeyniggdywvvkdllervgyrivspftgdasfhdiakahraklnillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnylgvedtiktlrdmaaffddpgltrrteavideemakiqptidmyrkrlagkrvmilvggsrahhfrnmfetlgmevvvagyefahrddyegrkiltsivhtgrskvledihyerdpnvvspydnealqkkkekiprlmdyegllphmkdgqimiddyshqecerlvrelgvdlfcsgikdkyvfqkmhipsrqmhsydysgpytgfsgfvqfakdidmsvnsptwkfitppwrqksna
>Raoultella_ornithinolytica  coded_by=69110..70483,organism=Raoultella ornithinolytica,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsmssgpvinrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivthyhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpdaspfapehrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrrltallgdddlcrrtdaliareeqaaeralqpwreqlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvasgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmldegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyqgivtlarqiaqtinspiwpqtharapwh
>Calothrix_desertica_PCC_7102  coded_by=1..1491,organism=Calothrix desertica PCC 7102,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenknlieehkelikevlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprfdkakkentltiepgtydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelfnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdialnsptwglidapwnkkeakakva
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msleyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkrhlsvsrnkretaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehkttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkkevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleqiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapaaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqigaslrqiakhfgpeieeraeriiarysgltdavldkystrlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkdgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwslydapwkkvtmpaaagaae
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._viciae_3841  coded_by=complement(157033..158454),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. viciae 3841,definition=putative nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslnakikdafhelasersgskgpkarrrncarpmapgtavggcafdgakvalqpitdvahlihgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteidiimghserklfkaireikdgyapaaifvystcvtamigddidvvckratdefafpvvpvdapgfvgsknlgnklageallkhvigtvepdepglcdinilgefnlsgefwqvkplldklgirvracipgdarylqvasahrsraamtvcstafvtlarkmqerwdipffegsfygisgtsealrriadllvkkgaapsllhraeilvaeeeekvwkrleayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstledrervkqtlkeenllfetmsprelfslllerkadimlsggrtqyialkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmvqlarqidlaiqhpmwpqvrepapwepalvaekrakrea
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnen1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnen1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgvp
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crp23  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crp23,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqresdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Centipeda_periodontii_DSM_2778  coded_by=2372..3679,organism=Centipeda periodontii DSM 2778,definition=oxidoreductase
maievkragvrraqcscsmpavwwalsyargalvifhsprscahvvrekdvgsfhrligagtyappspvplltsgigegdavfgaaerlracirfaaeryqpravfvagscvsgiigddtraaaeemeeelglpvvavptggflddesfdgylsvarvlmerfmqpparvrqgtvvflgdyggfysayvqelkrllgglglqlmgqfptytpldevqavpeaellvvlgsamsdekqalliafaeelhtrfgtpyfaeafaggaeetahwlrcigarchreaaaeetirreeaaferslararetlagrrtvlvvgrelhwlqpeillrlieragvrlsgiillalfteaqrsevedglracsdvpilavedpasedllrsadfvftthelvdvqlrqillgklptvgwamerqliedmehvlyrhtsrggliyg
>Gynuella_sunshinyii_YC6258  coded_by=2877541..2878977,organism=Gynuella sunshinyii YC6258,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mamkskqiaelldepacshnhksksgcakpkpgasaggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgsiacagsswdnrgtrssgptlyrigmttdlteqdvimgrgekrlfhsikqavttyqppavfvyntcipaligddvdavckaateqfgipvvpvdaagfygtknlgnriagesmvkyvvgtrepdpvpasavradvtvhavnligeyniagefwhvlplldelgirvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqdsygtpwfegsfygvsdtsealrnfarllkddalidrtealiqreearihaaldewrprlsgkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmvvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddammiedgnprellrivrdyqadiliaggrnmytalkarvpfldinqerefgyagyrgmlelvrqlaltiespvwqaarsaapwqasrhdevlplpaalaaneg
>Caldicellulosiruptor_kristjanssonii_I77R1B  coded_by=complement(1844855..1846144),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor kristjanssonii I77R1B,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maikafleqrqghivqsgipqcsrptipgvmsqractyygarwvlapvrnsthivhapadcayygqnvrkknylilstdmnekdvifgaheklercieeaakifpehsmifvystctssqigeeikwvvekvkekvqkpiipvevpgfggfsqsdghhiaqkaiisylseyckkestqpfsvniigeynvagetrvikkllekigievicsytgdcdadlmqkstsaalnllvckssglllaqfmrerysipfvdvsfyglsntvnslkkiskffdiehkvemviseeyekirdklekykkkifgkkaiillggsrigfmagafkeagleicvcgsqfgcnidyeaarfelpsalfiddfncaeieeillriepdvfiggtrewylahkfgvpflvfpqetkpyacfegflnmcedlfkeihapvwrli
>delta_proteobacterium_NaphS2  coded_by=12645..14318,organism=delta proteobacterium NaphS2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mavmpkektefaedellekidpaavkseilakyppkvarkrskhfvinkkkdeenyeeiqanvrtipgiisqrgccyagckgvvmgptrdiinlthgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdpsttpdehnfmpycfstdmqereivfggekklkaaiqeaydifkpkmisvfstcpvgligddvhsvtremqeklgitifgfscegykgvsqsaghhvannglflnvigkddtvrdgeykvnllgeyniggdefiindlfkkcgitiistfsgnssvdffanshtadlnlimchrsinyvadmmeqkygipwmkinflganatsnslrkiaqyygdqklidrveaviaeempkvleaqaevrphlegklammfvggsrahhyqelfnemgmktiaagyefahrddyegrhvlprvkvdadsrnieeldvekdperyrpridekeleagewhgvrlkhyegmmadmeeettfaiddisqyeteklielykpaifcagikekymvqkhgvpmkqlhsydtggpyavyrgavnfyheidrminskvwqhvrapwekspelaamyane
>Paenibacillus_riograndensis_SBR5  coded_by=complement(4542695..4544176),organism=Paenibacillus riograndensis SBR5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mskvnlntpevpvrelrlgsitgfagtaagllscsnnggmkdgsrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmitdaamvnhapvgcagdffgynfvyrvgqmernlppvigryfntnieemdtvfggarkleatiklayervkpnaifvttscasgiigddvesvtnkmtkelgipvvtcfcegfkskiwtsgfdsayhsivrkivkppekktnkvniinfwgsdvfsgllnklgyeadyivpfstvaqleriseaaatiqicptlgtylgaaleqvygvpeikapvaygvagtdawmrelgrvldreqeiediiaeekaavlpqleayraklagttcyitagsahghaliallrelginvqgaaifhhdpvydngdpaadmldhtvktygdvpnynvcnkqayelanilnrvcpdlmiarhggmthwgaklgiptlligdehfswgyrgllnyaeriletldnrefvtnlakhstmpytkwwmeqnpytflggnvhveay
>Desulfovibrio_magneticus_RS-1  coded_by=complement(2318286..2319905),organism=Desulfovibrio magneticus RS-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain nitrogenase component I
mstkptnveeikkeliakmptkvarkraksilpgtevgepipeiqsnvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgpsrdivnlthgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdagpdgenfipyafstdmtehdivfggekklraaiqeaydnfhpkaisifstcpvgligddihavartmqeelgitifanscegykgvsqsaghhiannqimkhvigtkdvevegkfkvnmlgeyniggdafeierilekcgftlvatfsgnstvedfriahaadlntvmchrslnyvaemmetkygipwikvnfigaeasakslrrmaayfedqelidrteaviaeelekvktvvdeikprtdgktamlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmkilgagyefahrddyegrhvlptikidadsrnieeleihpdperfkprkteaelaklneqgldfkgyegmiggmgkdamviddinhyeteklleiykpdifcagikekyivqkmgiplkqlhnydmggpyagfngainwyrdidrmvntkvwnlikapwqadgpeleatyva
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=complement(26203..27702),organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtalsakiqdvfdepacdknrgkdakarkegcarpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdltefdvvmgrgerklfkairqitetyapaavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlcgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvasghsaraamvvcstalitlarkmeerwgipffegsfygisdtsealrriakllvrkgadpeildraetliaeqeavawkkleayrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstpedkvriqqmlkddnhmfeqmsardlyailsggkadimlsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrerppwdcqpdgkhqlpsanndtattravqnfaattrtisaveeil
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri_biovar_biserrulae_WSM1271  coded_by=complement(6013826..6015325),organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri biovar biserrulae WSM1271,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtalsakiqdvfdepacdknrgkdakarkegcarpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdltefdvvmgrgerklfkairqitetyapaavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlcgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvasghsaraamvvcstalitlarkmeerwgipffegsfygisdtsealrriakllvrkgadpeildraetliaeqeavawkkleayrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstpedkvriqqmlkddnhmfeqmsardlyailsggkadimlsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrerppwdcqpdgkhqlpsanndtattravqnfaattrtisaveeil
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=complement(5942783..5944282),organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtalsakiqdvfdepacdknrgkdakarkegcarpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdltefdvvmgrgerklfkairqitetyapaavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlcgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvasghsaraamvvcstalitlarkmeerwgipffegsfygisdtsealrriakllvrkgadpeildraetliaeqeavawkkleayrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstpedkvriqqmlkddnhmfeqmsardlyailsggkadimlsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrerppwdcqpdgkhqlpsanndtattravqnfaattrtisaveeil
>Mesorhizobium_opportunistum_WSM2075  coded_by=complement(6568494..6569993),organism=Mesorhizobium opportunistum WSM2075,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtalsakiqdvfdepacdknrgkdakarkegcarpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdltefdvvmgrgerklfkairqitetyapaavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlcgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvasghsaraamvvcstalitlarkmeerwgipffegsfygisdtsealrriakllvrkgadpeildraetliaeqeavawkkleayrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstpedkvriqqmlkddnhmfeqmsardlyailsggkadimlsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrerppwdcqpdgkhqlpsanndtattravqnfaattrtisaveeil
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR769  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR769,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqpesdgkpgfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=698710..700128,organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain,nifD
mpmvllkcdkdiperekhiylkapdedtrdylplsnaatipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshivfggekrleksmheafdampdvkrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmdarpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvgtlepeitspytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqviahftgngtyddlrkmhraqlnvvncarssgyianelkkqygiprldidswgfnymaegirkicaffgieekgealiaeeyalwkpkldwykerlkgtrmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgvevvamsskfgheedfekviargregtyyiddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkkqhipyvnghayhngpymgfegfvnlardmynavnnpllklaakdirganriaykeaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC277A00  coded_by=complement(29528..31030),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC277A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H11  coded_by=<1..>768,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H11,definition=NifD
hlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4230174..4231640),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mainlkisavptrenrlgsvtgyngdlhdivekskcgnlknrdrcfsqssscnagcalsqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctanaprsevtnrqlaakrgvtnatvfvgtdmnekdtvfggasslseivketykrykpkaifigtscltgiigenvdsvveelkeeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkvnvinfknfyesareeiidifsnfgvkplflyrnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleeeygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaeveayiekeraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqeldmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldehspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtiknrsfeknlaarvklpytewwynqdnslfltkevk
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(277971..279320),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase
mvigesletnniisgaieapryscalggaystavgilgvvpilhsgagcgigqlfgqfygggqnaggpyggtstpcsslveehvifggekklanliestvelvngelfavisgcvpsligddvgsvirkykeknpdvpiihvntsgfagtsydgyeyffdavidqllekvpkekglvnvfgivpsqhifwkgeareiktllekiglkanlivgefdalenlkkiqaaeynivlsswighktakkleekfdipyisfpgvpvgpkqtseflrivgerldvsadviedlivreekrayrfaefvgdilliarphpyfavvadsnsavsitkylanemgylpdiiqitdnppeearelineeltagletpawpeiiyevdayrirenlkdrsfmfllassletfiagpefsaihltvsfpsydrvilersyagfsggltlmedimskyagpl
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=14540..15889,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase
mvigesletnniisgaieapryscalggaystavgilgvvpilhsgagcgigqlfgqfygggqnaggpyggtstpcsslveehvifggekklanliestvelvngelfavisgcvpsligddvgsvirkykeknpdvpiihvntsgfagtsydgyeyffdavidqllekvpkekglvnvfgivpsqhifwkgeareiktllekiglkanlivgefdalenlkkiqaaeynivlsswighktakkleekfdipyisfpgvpvgpkqtseflrivgerldvsadviedlivreekrayrfaefvgdilliarphpyfavvadsnsavsitkylanemgylpdiiqitdnppeearelineeltagletpawpeiiyevdayrirenlkdrsfmfllassletfiagpefsaihltvsfpsydrvilersyagfsggltlmedimskyagpl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._muu.1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. muu.1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskehdgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkispeaelrfgptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Dickeya_dadantii_3937  coded_by=complement(4312878..4314251),organism=Dickeya dadantii 3937,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein NifE
mkgseilalfdepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsqssgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivsryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraastavgvpviaidaagfygsknfgnrlagevmvkqvigqrepapwpqdtpfapehrhdigligefniagefwnvlplldelgirvlgslsgdarfaeiqtlhraeanmlvcsralinvarqleqryaipwfegsfygvramsdalrqlaamtgdadlmtrtdaliareeavtaqalapyrerlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgitvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddalmleegnartlldvvyrygadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrglvalaqqlcltldspiwrqthqrapwh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sw2.20  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sw2.20,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pij1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pij1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ork1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ork1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._it1.9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. it1.9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ork17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ork17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ind1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ind1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ork23  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ork23,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sw2.11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sw2.11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ork12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ork12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Ppar1-31  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Ppar1-31,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ppar1.39  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ppar1.39,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mg1.32  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mg1.32,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dret8.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dret8.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dret6.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dret6.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dret5.5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dret5.5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gs8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gs8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cp16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cp16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfuromonas_acetoxidans_DSM_684  coded_by=complement(88321..89763),organism=Desulfuromonas acetoxidans DSM 684,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maerkpiegvtiektekliedtlafmpekaakkrrphvganepsaspcavksnrkivpgvmsqrgcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpigcgvyswgtrrnlvqgipgitsfpldftsdfqerdivyggdiklekllreadelfplnkglsvlsecpvgligddinavtkkmekeldklvvpcncegfrgvsqslghhisndsirdfvigkrefdeepgpydialigdyniggdvwaakpileemglnvkaiwtgdgeiekiaatyqvklnvihcyrsmnymckvmeekwnipwieynffgptkiaesiraiaerfddtikekgeqviakytpmaeeiiaqykprldgktamlfvgglrprhtvgayedlgiqvtgtgyefahqddydrtapemakgtiiyddvsefeleryvetmkpdlvgsgikekyvfqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfkifardidmainsptwklvkspf
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=1404252..1405790,organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=nitrogenase
mdyikqkvppvredrlmacqayggtcgelsedskkgclyaskrsfsqtqgcqlnlslgmisslrdavmvihspigcggnliqnaginkvfqklrqesaiglrwintnlsevdvisggeaklrqavlkaerefrpsailvfnscvpaligddidgilddlqkqvtakivpihcegfktkiqataydsvyhglirnlvgedkslqpaivrtpeeeaehqakisrtvnllnvgsmsrideeelvrllkaldlnvrilpsyshpddfvyaheaalnvsicathddyfvehfkemygipyvlrtipigiantnkwlrdiasffgieeqtekliaaetaelakalepyreefkgktafltggevrilttaellhnlgfeilglrgyhfdkygevlldeymqdvpdsekaifnigsgqvfeqanllrkitpdlfvghigvngsaakqgyaifplfgqsddylgykgvfevaarvsrilknaafnrnlggntklpyreswyeqdpftyiddsaklaarig
>Frankia_sp._CpI1-P  coded_by=complement(11770..13140),organism=Frankia sp. CpI1-P,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maateraalftetacdhnnaksakarkagcpkpkpggtsggctfxgamitlvpitdsahlvhgpiscagnswdgrgslssgptlfrhgfttdmsendvvlggeqrlfdsicevveryappavfvystcvtamigddlgavcaaaaeqtgvpvipveapgfvgnknlgnkiagqtlldhvigtvepgdvtdldvnligeyniagelwdvvplltrlgirvrscisgdaryrdiaaahrakatmvvcsrallglargleerygipwfegsfygvsamgdtlrgfarlldddelsrrteeliaveeaaveaaiapyrarltgrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmisegsprellrvaeetgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvefarrldmaiaspvweqvrrpapwdlvgah
>Azorhizophilus_paspali  coded_by=<1..>796,organism=Azorhizophilus paspali,definition=dinitrogenase 2 alpha subunit
ggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleksmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkdrpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkicaffgieekgeeliaeeyakwkpkldwyk
>Hyphomicrobium_sp._MC1  coded_by=complement(3515155..3516834),organism=Hyphomicrobium sp. MC1,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
msslsatiqqvfnepgcaknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrpakssgsniwrtgfttdinetdivfggekrlyksikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamigddinavckaaqekfgkpvipinspgfvgpknlgnklageailehvigteepeyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirilaciagdgrykdiasshrakaammvcskaminiarkmeekydipffegsfygiedssdslrelarlliekgapaelmdrteaviareearawaaiapyrkqlagkkallitggvkswsvvaalqeagmemvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahliedmaprdmykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkagvpwldinqernhaymgyvgmvklvqeidkalynplwaqlkkpapwddasktwqakaiaeldaeaaalaadpvaaeaqrrskkicncksvdlgsiedaikahnlttvdgvrkytnaaggcgscsmrieeifasmqvapeavrmiaae
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=168628..170091,organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkqkdiaalldepacahnqkeksgcskakpgataggctfdgaqiamlpigdvahivhgsiacagnswdnrgtrssgptlykigmttdlteqdiimgrgekrlfhsikqaidsyqpaavfvyntcvpaltgddmvavckdaqtrwgtpvvpidaagfygaknlgsriageamvkyvcgtrepdplpegieregfkihdicligeyniagelwrvlplfdelglrvlctlsgdgrfrevqtmhrsevnmmvcsralvnvarklqdtygtpwfegsfygvrdvsqalrdvarilgdpdlsarveaviareearanaalepwrqrlqgrkvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmtvvasgtrksteddkarirelmgedavmleegnprtlidmvnaqgidiliaggrnmytalkaripfldinqerefgysgyagmeelakqlcltiespvweavrrpapwaraviaelaadaapvvavneaesiavessha
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=complement(3001359..3002822),organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkqkdiaalldepacahnqkeksgcskakpgataggctfdgaqiamlpigdvahivhgsiacagnswdnrgtrssgptlykigmttdlteqdiimgrgekrlfhsikqaidsyqpaavfvyntcvpaltgddmvavckdaqtrwgtpvvpidaagfygaknlgsriageamvkyvcgtrepdplpegieregfkihdicligeyniagelwrvlplfdelglrvlctlsgdgrfrevqtmhrsevnmmvcsralvnvarklqdtygtpwfegsfygvrdvsqalrdvarilgdpdlsarveaviareearanaalepwrqrlqgrkvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmtvvasgtrksteddkarirelmgedavmleegnprtlidmvnaqgidiliaggrnmytalkaripfldinqerefgysgyagmeelakqlcltiespvweavrrpapwaraviaelaadaapvvavneaesiavessha
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW1  coded_by=complement(116704..118287),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW1,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpsikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmaergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepeflgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffdiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtakmnadltvsdevkfsevlheytgkydsiaeirarnqayaaeqkalrdavqpaae
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_NGR234  coded_by=complement(135420..136910),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii NGR234,definition=nitrogenase Mo-Fe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslnvkiqdvfdepacernrskdsnarskgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgtassgptlwrtsfttdlteqdivmgnserklfkairqireayqppaifvyatcvtaligddieaickraeetcglpvvpinspgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddagpcdinilgefnlsgefwlvkpllerlgirvracipgdaryldiasahraraamlvcstalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygitatsealrqiadllvkkgtdleildrtdaliaeeeaiawkkleeyrprlkgkrvlintggvkswslvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstvedkerirqvlkddlqmfesmsprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwvdinqerhrpyagydgtvelvrqidlaihnpvwsqvrepapwesrpatqeplpntrpdtdatsvgrsirrhdagdfvec
>Paenibacillus_sp._IHB_B_3415  coded_by=complement(22972..24453),organism=Paenibacillus sp. IHB B 3415,definition=nitrogenase
mskvnlntpevpvrelrlgsitgfsgtaaglvscsnagglkdgsrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmitdaamvnhapvgcagdffgynfvyrvgqmerdlppvigryfntnieemdtvfggarkleatirlaferakpkaifvttscasgiigddvesvtnkmtrelgipvvtcfcegfkskiwtsgfdsayhsivrkivkppekktnkvniinfwgsdvfsgllnklgyeadyivpfstvaqleriseaaatiqicptlgtylgaaleqvygvpeikapvayglagtdawmrelgrvlgreqeieeiiavekaavlpkleeyrarltgttcyitagsahghaliallrelgidvqgaaifhhdpvydngdpaadmldhtvktygdipnynvcnkqayelanilnrvrpdlmiarhggmthwgaklgiptlligdehfswgyqgllnyaeriletldnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwmeqppytflggnvhvqay
>Methyloglobulus_morosus_KoM1  coded_by=24086..25777,organism=Methyloglobulus morosus KoM1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslsgkiqevfnepgceknqgksdkerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsnlwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlyksvkeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamigddidavckaasqkfgkpvipinspgfvgpknlgnklageaildhvigteepeyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirilccisgdakyhdvasshrakaammvcsksminiarkmedrydipffegsfygiedssealreisrlliekgapaelmertealiareealawaniepykkrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagmelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgedahmiddmspremykmlrdaqadimlsggrsqfialkakmpwldinqerhhaymgyvgmvelvkeidkalynpvweqvrkrapwdeqtwedvadaaiaaeaaamaadpalardkrratticncknisrgiiedaitefglttaalvsektlagtgcgscsdklgkiiktidewnqpvagaepsqtqhaa
>Desulfosporosinus_acidiphilus_SJ4  coded_by=complement(16977..18332),organism=Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus SJ4,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnlskldlkdkpslaeagspklcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlyrrglttdllendviyggeqklkeaileiaakhqpkaifvyatcvsaligddmskicaeaeaelpipiipvnapgflgdknignriagevlfervigtgggppekiplsinligeyniagdlwgilpdlknlgitlqtaitgdakfddirsahraclnvlicsksltnlarkmeirygipfiegsfygihdtsetliniakalndpelltrtqayvqkrevetreiiaqhkkklenkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpedfqrmkelmdpsaqiiedtssagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyqgmvtfaesltrtvfspvwghlkakfppvgg
>Desulfosporosinus_acidiphilus_SJ4  coded_by=complement(4193118..4194473),organism=Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus SJ4,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnlskldlkdkpslaeagspklcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlyrrglttdllendviyggeqklkeaileiaakhqpkaifvyatcvsaligddmskicaeaeaelpipiipvnapgflgdknignriagevlfervigtgggppekiplsinligeyniagdlwgilpdlknlgitlqtaitgdakfddirsahraclnvlicsksltnlarkmeirygipfiegsfygihdtsetliniakalndpelltrtqayvqkrevetreiiaqhkkklenkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpedfqrmkelmdpsaqiiedtssagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyqgmvtfaesltrtvfspvwghlkakfppvgg
>Halothece_sp._PCC_7418  coded_by=1956684..1958060,organism=Halothece sp. PCC 7418,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtkpktadlltepgcehnhnkgqqgknkacqqqakpgaaqggcafdgasitlvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssdatlyqtgfttdisendiifggekklyraiaqtieryhpaavfvystcvtaligddidavchtatkklgttvipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlagealldhvvgtaepeyttpydinligeynvagelwgvlplfekvgirvlskitgdatfkeicyshraklnvmicskalinmgrkmeerygipyleesfygvadlnrclrniaeklgdselkarvetviaeetakldvalapyrerlqgkrivlytggvkswsllsaaqdlgievvatstrksteedkakikkllgkdgimlekgnakellrvvaetkadmlvaggrnqytalkaripfldvnqerhhtysgyvglinmakefdhalhspiweqvrqpapwsfvtsh
>Selenomonas_sp._FOBRC6  coded_by=6640..7917,organism=Selenomonas sp. FOBRC6,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgereksfddvcmytdtcalagasaffagmrdavivvngplwcyyfamrhiehsqstishrmactqldndaivfgaeeylqealapyveqppallaivsscaagligddiaaiargaglacpvvaldssglagsfadgwdkaaraalqtvplertaaqshavnligmtdayyngandarelvrllqiagytvnavlgndmsaedfphltqaalnivvhgelgrgsaqlleemygmpwiapfppygragtrhwmqeiadvlpsphaeaaeteidrvtredflrineckmlwgelrydtavvrapdfmawglaqalrtewadvchlavaaeaeraedvariadeilgetdalriqqllggmegglllgssnesahinpqrtqylpvsypaqdflrltdspfmglrgarhieeqlwngnilrrkills
>Methanobacterium_paludis  coded_by=1105363..1106925,organism=Methanobacterium paludis,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mspnkgidesqdksiesqeesidltkttcpnreqrangtnvyygkasellkdakegnvtcherkfqqsggcvlnfylanrvttirdsvvifnspvgcsagalgyrelfrgvpvelgrpakynvnwlttnlqqndvvygagqklketileaeqryspkaifiltscttgiigediegtvngvqpqvkakivpvhcegvrsrlvqtgydafwhavlkylvrepqekqedlvncasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkvglrvnfipefatveqfeqlseaavtapicptytdylsrglkkkygvpyflypsptgisntdgwlreigkytgkedeieeliadehkvwvpkmeaiqeeffklrkngekvrilgslgqgrlvnqlpyfdelglqapaamsqdfddllidqlddivekvgdfdimvntfqaaeqanvttnldpdltltcpfqggtwerdsnitrihslrgdadpwsaqsgyagavafgnfllqglknksyqktlsektprsykdwwyeqpdplyylekgk
>Frankia_sp._EUN1f  coded_by=complement(60361..61821),organism=Frankia sp. EUN1f,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtttptppraeteamiaevlshypakaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdlvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvtnfaamqvttdfqekdivfggdpklaqvcdeinelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieatsraaskklgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggenhvstpydvaligdyniggdvwasrriledmglriiaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwmefnffgpskivksmraiaekfdetiqakteaaiaryqkqfdeiikafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevigtgyefahkddytrtygmlkegtvlyddptafeleefakflkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfaifardmdiainsptwdlmetpwsksgevs
>Desulfuromonas_sp._WTL  coded_by=complement(2784022..2785464),organism=Desulfuromonas sp. WTL,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mserkpiagvtkektekliketlaempakaakkraphlganepsaspcavksnkkvvpgvmsqrgcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpigcgvyswgtrrnlmqgipgvtsfpmdftsdfqerdivyggdkklekllqeadelfplnkgmsilsecpvgligddinavakkmeaelgklvvpcncegfrgvsqslghhisndsirdhiigkfafpdpvgpydvaligdyniggdvwaakpileeiglnvksvwtgdgevekigathqvklnlihcyrsmnymckvmeekwnipwleynffgptkieeslraiaerfddtikanvekviakykpvmqtvldeykprlegktamlfvgglrprhtigayedlgiqitgagyefahqddydrtapemargtliyddvsefelekfveelkpdlvgsgikekyvfqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfkvfardvdmainsptwklvkspf
>Nostoc_piscinale_CENA21  coded_by=complement(2766776..2768269),organism=Nostoc piscinale CENA21,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtppenqnlvdenkelikevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheesksdcgvksniksipgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgitginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkiidelevlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakkaskqygkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpefdkakknntidfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavlekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyafqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwkkaatkakaaa
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC280B00  coded_by=21412..22914,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC280B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeagnesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeasphdvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygidwmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_1472  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 1472,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpvgligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Spirochaeta_smaragdinae_DSM_11293  coded_by=complement(3220264..3221886),organism=Spirochaeta smaragdinae DSM 11293,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msekgkmkadifrdtimekyppkvlkkrkkqfivreadpeqsiqanvrtvpgiitqrgccyagckgvvlgptrdiinithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtrpgdngenymtycfstdmqdqnivfggekllrqavqeaydifhpkaiaifstcpvgligddvhviaremkeqfgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifkhvvgtseegrtgrykinllgeyniggdafvieellekcgitlvstysgnssidqfasshtadlncimchrsinyvagmmetkygipwikvnfigaeatakslrkiaayfeepelekrveeviaeeivgveavleeirprtegkttmlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmevlaagyefghrddyegrrvlpsikvdadsrnieelkveqdteryrprkdessreeleqqglsfssyeglmpemengsfvvddishyemerlileyrpdvfcagikekfcvqkmgvpmkqlhsydyggpyagfagainwyreidrmvgskvwgligapweknrtlhgrfvatt
>Confluentimicrobium_sp._EMB200-NS6  coded_by=961639..963120,organism=Confluentimicrobium sp. EMB200-NS6,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
makdytndaesheklieevlaaypdkakkkrqkhlgvaqpgeegeteiaskcdtvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigntgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklgktideietlfplnngttiqsecpigligddieavareknkqhektmvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfekgegagagyetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglnvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkarlnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekygvgwmeynffgpsqiaaslraiaknfdetiqenaekviakyqplvddvinrfrprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmqiagtgyefghgddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfieqirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgmfdapwtkaa
>Rivularia_sp._PCC_7116  coded_by=complement(7866765..7868171),organism=Rivularia sp. PCC 7116,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkitqgkinelltepgcehnhqkngekknkackqvaqpgaaqggcsfdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacsgnswgsrgslssgpmlykkgfttdltendvifggekklykaikhvkenynpeaifvystcvtaligedidavckaaekkvgipvipvnapgfvgsknlgnrlagetlleyvvgtgepeyttpydinligeyniagemwnvtplleklgirvlskitgdarykevsyahraklnvmicskalinmarkmeerygipyieesfygvddinrflrtvaaklgdadlqertekliaeetakldeklapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmdvvatstkksteedkakiqkllgkdgimmpkgnpqelirvigetkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhayagydgmvnmareldealyspvwqqirqpapweqfavnseqlavns
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U13  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U13,definition=NifD
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U12  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U12,definition=NifD
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U118  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U118,definition=NifD
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_sp._BNL1100  coded_by=2069586..2071067,organism=Clostridium sp. BNL1100,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msninmkspevqirevrlgsitgfegtagelvrcaragnlqdksrsfsqcmgcssrnafcqlsmikdavvinhapvgcsgdffgfnftyrvgqmernlppaigryfntnieekdtifgatqkleatirevytrlkpnavfittscassiigddvesvannltdelgipivacfcegfrskiwttgfdsayhsivrkivkpprkksnkvniinfwgshifdellkplgyepnyivpfstiadleyiseaaatiqicptlgtyfgaaleeiygvpeikappaygisgtdqwmrelgkvldrqeevekiivkehirvilkleeyrdklkgktayvtagashghaliallrelglsvqgaaifhhdpvydngepdsdtllhtintygdvhnynvcnkqafelvnilnrmrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyaeriletldnrefvsnlakyssmpytkwwldqnpfsflggnvhvevy
>Paenibacillus_riograndensis_SBR5  coded_by=3265746..3267305,organism=Paenibacillus riograndensis SBR5,definition=Nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mphhtfkcsacipertqhavikgpgedltsalpegylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdngnfqlkntfasdvkekhivfgaegllkkniieaftafpeikrmtiystcataligddigavaqevmdempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmadyfksmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvkygiprldidgfgfeplsaslrkiglffgiedraqaiideqtarwkpeldwykerlqgkrvclwpggsklwhwanviheemgvevvslytkfghqgdmekgiarceqgalaiddpnelegleamemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynavyspihqlsalniskdeiptdkgfatqrmvsdvnlseevrnsavlrqytggydsvsklrnktyphlenqlagv
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlsyysgkaakrrkkhlsvsknkreiaqegqvvsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyagttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktevkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwqtvtmpaaagape
>Pantoea_sp._AS-PWVM4  coded_by=144482..145855,organism=Pantoea sp. AS-PWVM4,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsfssgalinrlglttdlneqdvimgngerrlfhavrhivnryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraaatatgvpviaidvagfygsknlgnrlagemmvkqviggrepapwpedspflpehrhdigligeyniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgtlsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqvnmlvcsralinvaraleqrygipwfegsfygvratseslrqlaaltedhdlmrrtdaviereeqvanqalapfrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddalmldegnartlldvvyryqadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyrgivtlaeqlcqtlespiwaqtharapwh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Aec12.12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Aec12.12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdklpadaaprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11226  coded_by=924..2426,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11226,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeaseegevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkesprrersmaae
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>815,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>815,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>815,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=4886154..4887596,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkntqgkinellnesgcehnqhkhgekknkscsqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamislvpivdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykmgfttdmsendvifggekklykaileihkrynpsavfvyatcvtaligddidavcktasekigtpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggeslldyvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplleklgirvlskitgdarfeeiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeekygipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaklgdpdlqtrtekliaeetaaldlalapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikrllgadgimlekgnakellqlvkdtqadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwdedmgilaheytsnhdhilasieeli
>Chlorobium_chlorochromatii_CaD3  coded_by=1708852..1710486,organism=Chlorobium chlorochromatii CaD3,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
meeklmtsdpaqvretliqkyppkvakkraksivindpeivpevqanvrtvpgiitqrgcayagckgvvlgptrdivnivhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpespehanyitycfstdmqeenvvfggekklkvaiqeaydlfhpksiaifstcpvgligddvhaaaremkekfgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhvanngvfkhmvgrdntvkpgkfklnllgeyniggdafelerifervgitlvasfsgnstvgalenshtadlniimchrsinymgdmmetkygipwmkvnfvgaqstakslrkigeyfgdeelkarieaviaeempkveavineirprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlftelgmttiaagyefahrddyegrevlpkikidadsknieelkveadpelykqrkseaeleelkakgleingyegmmkqmtkkslvvddvshyesemliemykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpytgfegalnfyrdidrmvnnpvwklikapwekaenggvleaayvqg
>Clostridium_acidurici_9a  coded_by=complement(2289451..2290767),organism=Clostridium acidurici 9a,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta subunit NifK
mskfieqpryscalgaqqtvvaikravpivhagpgcsgkisaligqgegyaggntipctntsesevvfggegklrnvidgafkvidgdlyvvltgctsdivgddigsvtsdyqkqdrpivyvetggfksnnyvshsvvvnaiidqyvdkykvneevekglvnvfasipyqdqywngnleeikrilegiglkvnilfgleseginewktipnaefnivvstwagleiaehlkekyntpyfhfsylpiggkttseflrqvaefgnidkekvegfikkeeekfyahiertadfmlefryglprrfytildanyaigfskfllnelgiipakqyiiddtpekyresirelfnkisehrsadvqfsvdggiiqeeiskdkqknralilgsgwerdlaqnikgdlliisapvayrlilncgyagyngglrviediydialntyr
>Teredinibacter_turnerae_T7901  coded_by=1625049..1626464,organism=Teredinibacter turnerae T7901,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkaneiaelldepacshnkkeksgcakpkpgsaaggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpdlyrigmttdlteqdvvmgrgekrlfhsikqavedynppavfvyntcvpalvgddvdaickeaeqrfgvpvvpvdaagfygtknlgnriageamlkyvvgtrepdpqpkhptrpdlkihdinligeyniagefwhvlplfdelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraeanmmvcskamlnvarklennwgtpwfegsfygitdtsqslrdiarligdddlterteqlivreeakirdalaawrprlagkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmqvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegspkvllqtvadykadiliaggrnmytalkakipfldinqerefayagydgmvelvrqlcltlenpvwqavrkpapwessaqtlatpltvng
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalhetlieevlshypdkaakrrkrhlsvsrnkretaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehkttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkkevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapaaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakqfgpeieeraerviarysgltgavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkdgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglyhapwkkvtvpaaagate
>Bradyrhizobium_manausense  coded_by=complement(19410..20912),organism=Bradyrhizobium manausense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslastqsvaeikarnkqlidevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhevgrsdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiveslrkiaaffddkikegaerviskyqplmdaviakyrprlegksvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmvvvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyeferfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwkktrapwkdaprptlmaae
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=56144..57502,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnltkldlkdqgcpagagspqlcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlfrrglttdlmendvvyggerklkeaileiaahhrpqaifvyatcvsaligddvsaiceqaeqeltipviavncpgflgdknignriagevlfdrvigtgegpdekvplsvnligeyniagdlwgilpdfenlgitvqatitgdakfediasahraclnvlicsksltnlarkmeekydipfmegsfygihdtsetliniakalgdldllkrtktyvqkkeeetremiagykkclehkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpddfqrmkalmdptaqiiedtspagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyegmvtfagslartvnspvwellkqeflpreeg
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense  coded_by=complement(4859807..4861165),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnltkldlkdqgcpagagspqlcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlfrrglttdlmendvvyggerklkeaileiaahhrpqaifvyatcvsaligddvsaiceqaeqeltipviavncpgflgdknignriagevlfdrvigtgegpdekvplsvnligeyniagdlwgilpdfenlgitvqatitgdakfediasahraclnvlicsksltnlarkmeekydipfmegsfygihdtsetliniakalgdldllkrtktyvqkkeeetremiagykkclehkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpddfqrmkalmdptaqiiedtspagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyegmvtfagslartvnspvwellkqeflpreeg
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgstgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgklldeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiesdgkprfkptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelqatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Phaeospirillum_fulvum_MGU-K5  coded_by=96195..97649,organism=Phaeospirillum fulvum MGU-K5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msldnindtaanealikevldqypekaakkrarhlgtvksdaegnptcgvksniksvpgvmtvrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpigcgqyswsqrrnyftgtvgidsfvtmqvtsdfqerdivfggdknldkmidelevlfplnngisilsecpigligddieavskkkgkelgkkvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkgipewegtpydvnliadyniggdawpsrklleeiglrvigswsgdatlaeierapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekyeipwveynffgptqiaaslrkiaaqfdetiqanaekviakyqplvdgvlarfkprlegktvmlyvgglrprhtatayddlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghylkegtliyddvsefelekfieklrpdlvgsgikekystqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnapiwsklkapwkaa
>Arcobacter_nitrofigilis_DSM_7299  coded_by=complement(46076..47542),organism=Arcobacter nitrofigilis DSM 7299,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgpetleslqkqaiaevleaypekakknrakhlgtdnpegvkgscdttrsnkqtvpgvmsqrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpigcgqysrggrrnyyigttgidtfvtmnfstdfnekdivfggdkklkkaleeidelfplnngisiqsecpigligddiqavakvhkketghqtvavscegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdhvmpdtshrkdfestpydvaiigdyniggdawstrlileemglrviaqwsgdatykelaiapkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeqefgipwmeynffgptktteslrkiasffdekiqeqtekviakytamtdaviakfrpmlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghgddykrtkedlgrstliyddaneyeleefvkklrpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydafaifakdmdlamnspvwnhtkapwdkevega
>Rhizobium_sp._CCGE_510  coded_by=complement(50232..51722),organism=Rhizobium sp. CCGE 510,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslnakvqdvfdepaceknrskdskarkngcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpvtdvahlihgplgcegnswdnrgsassgptlwrtsfttdltetdvvmghgerklfkaireikeayappavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigsvepndvtaydiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvtqgadpeilertealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsivhalmevgiefvgtsvkkstpedkerikqllkdenhlfesmaprelynmladgkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhqpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwmevrepapwecqhaveeeltntksenetgyalqnfvgavagsfgkr
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=3173050..3174558,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=Nitrogenase
mvlnlktssvetreqrlgtiigwdgtaskladesafsrgdcggcgtkarrvcelegpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnirdavliqhspigcgagqviynsiyrnglamrglpvqnirfistnlrerdmvyggaeklaeairlaverhqpkavfiatscasgiigddiesvartaeaefgipiiplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrrnpekrqddlinvinlwgtdvfspmlselglrvnyvvdmatveelaqmsearatvsfcytlgtylataleqefgveqikapqpygfagtdawlrelarvtgreaqaedyiareharvkplldelrpklkglkgyvatgsayshgligvlreigvdvdgslvfhhdpvydsedprqdslghlienygdvrhftvgnrqqyqfynllqrvkpdfiiirhnglaplaarlgipaiplgdehhalgyqgmvnlgesilaalqhrkfhkdiakrvslpykqswlaqkdpfalaraas
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lppb8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lppb8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhedeksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkiapeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_sp._DMHC_10  coded_by=1765597..1767078,organism=Clostridium sp. DMHC 10,definition=nitrogenase
mskinlnaqavevrenrlgsitgfkgtagqlvklgqcgklkdsarsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmikdaaiinhapvgcmgdsfgfnfvyrvgqmerklpramgryfstnltekdtifgatqkleetirdvykrvkpnaifvttscasaiigddiesvtdelteelgipvvacfcegfrskiwtsgfdsayhsivrkivkppkkktnkvniinfwgshifddllkelgyeakyivpfstvaelenisesaatiqicttlgtylgaaleqvygvpeiksppaygilgtdnwlrelgkvlhreekieeyisnerakivpkveeyrkrlkgktayitagaahghaliallrelglnvqgaaifhhdpvfdnddpksdalahdvntygdipnynvcnkqayelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgvptlligdeqfgfgyqgvinyaeriietidnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwleqdpftflggdtsvehy
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=950..>2275,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmg
>Desulfovibrio_africanus_PCS  coded_by=complement(1433..3079),organism=Desulfovibrio africanus PCS,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mptkkamtpaevkeeilkryptkvarkrdkqflvhegpeamqtkdiqanvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvilgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdatapgaanymtycfstdmtehdivfggmnklrqavqeaydlfkpraiaifstcpvgligddvhavaremkeklnaldpnhkvnifafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifthvvgeemkrpegkylvnmlgeyniggdafeierildkcgitlnssfsgnstyeqfaragvadlncvmchrsinyvadmmetkwgipwikvnfigakstakslrkiaqyfgdkqlidrveeviaeemknvdatladvkprttgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfkelgmrsigagyefahrddyegrrvipdikvdadsrnieelhieqdpanynprktdeelkqleaagfefkeyaglipdmdkdtliiddinsweteklieimkpdifcagikekyaveklgvplkqlhnydmggpyagfkgavnyyleidrlvnskiwsyleapwdkepelsatyvg
>Ruminococcus_albus_7_=_DSM_20455  coded_by=complement(2200495..2201829),organism=Ruminococcus albus 7 = DSM 20455,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msfierprfscmlggalatltslprvipiihgaqgcggqltnsfayggylgvgycggaslpssnvsekeiifggaeklrkeilaaydvmdgdlfvvvtscmtdligddveaviseverpeyplifvdtggfkgnsyygydiviksffeqyipvtkekdeklvnllglvpaydpffrgdleeirrilsligvkattfvtldqtiedirnagkaalnivlspvngiraakaakekhgidyivtdlpigsnasvkfaieiaeklgidrefaekalekeveryysyvdratdviadtdfqnyavvvnnatqalsyaqyldneigwlpeyvfitdelreknkeiirqhfeelpfeyrpklvfetdtskiqqyitqndpqflsdtyyeklepafvlgssidrklsqvlngnflnisfpamsriilnktyagfngglalledlitaqvsgr
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1585585..1586994,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mplkllkcdvtipererhvyikepgedttqylpisnaatipgtlsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwstnlkekhiifggekqlkqsiieafqempdikrmfiyttcataligddpkavakavekelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhvlnmgwinekvgtleptitspytinfigdyniqgdsqvlekyfhkmgiqiiahftgnasyddlrgmhraqlnvvncarsagyianelkkrygiprldidswgfeycqdalrkvgaffgledkaeeviaeevakykeqmewyraglkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmtvvamsskfghqedfekviargnegtiyiddaneleffevlemvkpdlvltgprvgdlvkklhlpyinghayhngpymgfegsvnmardmynaiysplmklaaidvrekaalevgv
>Sulfurospirillum_multivorans_DSM_12446  coded_by=complement(1601267..1602835),organism=Sulfurospirillum multivorans DSM 12446,definition=nitrogenase (iron-iron) alpha chain
mphhefecssciperkshavvkgegedltsclpeghlltipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdaihmshgpvgctydtwhtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkeshvvfgggdllkkniieafkahptinrmtvyqtcasaligddmeaiardvlkempdkdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawihekvgtvepkitsdyvinyvgdyniqgdceimcdyfkrmgiqvlssftgngsydelrsmhgahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvkygiprldidgfgfeplsdslmkvarffgledraqaiideetarwkpeldwykkrltgvkvclwpggsklwhwanviheemgvevvslytkfghqgdmekgvaraqpgtlaiddpnelegieamdklkpdviftgmrpgevakkrrvqylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaafspihqlsgidisrdpiatdkgfmtrkmisdvklipeeanvegerpytgdfdcvtklrgkvydpelsrnheqaav
>Desulfovibrio_magneticus_RS-1  coded_by=complement(1948851..1950236),organism=Desulfovibrio magneticus RS-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein
meqaifeerrdqihrtgegpfelacnrdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqekdvifggekklkaallelierhkpkaafvyatcivgiigddvaavcrdvaektgipvipvqsegfkgnkregytaackamftltgsgdtsdispisinilgdfnlageiwiirdyfkrmgvetvanitgdgrvddirrahgaalnvvqcsgatmelakmmqdkygipfirasylgiedmadslyavaehfkdrdpgimeraqqvvreelsvllpqlgqyrkdlegkkvaiyvggafkafslikafrhlgmkvvlvgsqtgtkedyeelaaicdpgtvivddsnplelskfvkeldvdlfvggvkerpiahklgvgfcdhnherkealegfvgmlnfarevhasatspiwrfvprreamakaeaakkeai
>Desulfovibrio_salexigens_DSM_2638  coded_by=complement(485713..487347),organism=Desulfovibrio salexigens DSM 2638,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msktkvvqwdpadikeellkkyppkvarkrakqimineateseappeivanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtspgpdgenymtycfstdmqdqdiifggekkleaaiqeaydlfhpkgicifstcpvgligddvhavakkmkaklgdcnvfgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfthlvgenkeprteeykinllgeyniggdgfeidrilkkcgitniatfsgnstydqfasaqhadlscvmchrsinyvadmletkygipwikvnfigaeatakslrkigeyfgdkklidkieaviaeempeveatakdvrsrtegktamlfvggsrahhyqelfnemgmktlsagyefghrddyegrrvipdikvdadsrnieeieveadpelysprkteaeikaledagyefkhydglnpdmdkgtiiiddlnqyeaeklvellkpdlfcagikekfsiqklgvplkqlhsydsggpyagfkgainfykeidrlvgskvwsymkapwqenpeltatfvwe
>Clostridium_acidurici_9a  coded_by=complement(2294803..2296329),organism=Clostridium acidurici 9a,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit NifD
mdyiksktppvredrlgacnsfggccssllekskkgclnnskrtfyqtqgcqlnlslatlntirdsvvivhspigcgsgntsvagittnyqklrdsnsrgliwvntnlnetdvisggekklkdavlyvekefspesiivvnscvpaligddidgiltevqnevtakivpvhcegfktkimasaydavfhgilrnlvyekekpkdekaireknikenrtinllnvssmskldetelirlleklglevrvlpcyshpddfqdmldaalnvsicathddyfvehlkskydipfilktipigikntnrwirdiaeffglekeaegviesenkalkealepfrkslsgrtallaggeirvlataellefldikiigmrgyhydhfanelieglegdknkiifnaatgqpfeqsniierlkpdiyightggnvwaakhgvpilpifgqtynymgysgsfeiirrlnrvlkntifnknitenikppyfeewykenpflyieepeeilsealsgaf
>Chrysosporum_ovalisporum  coded_by=26543..28045,organism=Chrysosporum ovalisporum,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain
mtppennniveqrkelikevleaypdkakkkrekhlnvfeegktdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqeleelfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaakeidkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradkakadgtlnfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdakiqenaekviakyqptmdaivnkyrprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefvkalkpdliasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwskkaevkakakaia
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2769018..2770547),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskltenltyhylgaeaaptreerieacnafggscrslkkgmgnsctkfnsrkfaqgggcqltlalgivatfqnvviiihaplgcgstslsfagtrktmrgqkqkpktdniwlhtnldendvisggieklrkavlyaeqeyrpdaiiianscvpgiigddidslldeldrqlsarvvpvhcegfkskfvatgydsayhgvlkklvdpvprydrtipddvgdaaekylnsrtvnllnvgstsygdevelsrllkaldlnvrvmplfssveeisrfgeaalnvsicathddylvghlkerfgtgyvidtlpigikstnqwlreigkffkledeverliaietaqleealepfkkvlkgkrvfvgggemrifttaefyqslgmnvlglkphnfdrfavplideisdqqavidvapgqpaeemvilnrlkpdlyvghtgangwvtklgipniplfgqtfnymgysgayelarkaarkfqnttfarkiaanvalpfrpewyetnpfdnikevqa
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(48667..50004),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mykrqpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Raoultella_terrigena  coded_by=<1..>1076,organism=Raoultella terrigena,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
dmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyftgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfaatpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddviranaekviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkamkpdligsgikekyifqkmgv
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=30290..31738,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadhfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7424  coded_by=complement(2370592..2372022),organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7424,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstvddrkqliqdvlddypeklakkrakhlnvyeegkadcgvksnvksapgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpigcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkimqeietlfplnngvsvqsecpigligddieavarkaskesgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfsrtdapeiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemmqtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddtikenaerviakytkqteevlakyrprlegkkvmmmvgglrprhvvpaftdlgmemigtgyefahgddykrtteyigdatlvyddvtayefekfvqelkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnnptwglikspwkk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tv2a-2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tv2a-2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklldevqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitperepkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._tv3b.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. tv3b.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklldevqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitperepkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._tachi3c.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. tachi3c.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklldevqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitperepkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._tachi2b.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. tachi2b.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklldevqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitperepkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sjz6b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sjz6b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvieeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtleskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Nostoc_sp._'Peltigera_membranacea_(LA31632_AccXBB013(IINH))_cyanobiont'  coded_by=129..>1707,organism=Nostoc sp. 'Peltigera membranacea (LA31632_AccXBB013(IINH)) cyanobiont',definition=vnfDG
mpmklfkcdetiperekhiyikekgedttqflpsahvetipgslsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdngnfqlkyvwssdmkeqhvvfggekllkkamleafaefpdikrmmvyttcstaligddikpvvkevekelgdvdiftvecpgfagvsqskghhvfnmgwmtdkvgtyepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvlekymekmgvqiiahftgngtydslrgmhraqlnvtncarsagyianelkkkygipridvdtwgfdyakeglrkigaffgiedraeaviaeevakyesklawykerltgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmkvvamsskfghqedfekviargeegtiyiddgneleffevlemvkpdlvltgprvgalvkklhlpyvnghgyhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiysplmklaqsdiragqnlpstngngngkatkelseqvvslvqqqvkeatsqvkqpakelhhxvkqpakxatsqvkpqak
>Treponema_primitia_ZAS-2  coded_by=29477..30799,organism=Treponema primitia ZAS-2,definition=putative oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
medssgkelqsrvrtltqsspgeiiyalqavsgihdavviihgalgcaasgvwfnsgenrswyttnlnesdtilggdeklraailraynenhpeaifiigtpiiainnddvdsvvielsdelgckiiyidvngfktknalsgydvifhgflkhlvepkqnpvkpflnlftvsespdnvaaivellqvldipcnivprfsglngirrasgalcsvslddaeneyimtgleeqygvpvvktnppigtagvydfikkiaahfdrnaqaetlikdeeqkisgrrskkpfagkkilleadlhrvvsfsslieelggeisgiviphldiqnagklkdlsilprtvpfivaqgqqfeianvlnrypadfyigrsetaaaaarfgaiplpldgityygyrgigevvkralklgtnnnyvsllgqklgapyseswlkrsgnwyvkfevk
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1588859..1590400,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase associated protein E
msiettfsdsivfhgplselyqlakegkiktslqgshtrpckfwtatkilsgiqnsviiahgpsgcafgvkkaykltnsrnsgspyeavistnidmkgvvyggekelrgairevdnkyrpdvifvstscatgiigdnvdavvnslkdevnaeimtihcegfageyrsgfdlvfkqlvklmeprtpereavlaksvnivggkmgpertevdtdvkelvrlvegmgahinsviagnctleelknapsvavnctlcldlgytigremketfgtplnstilpygisaterwlreaakyldlkdeaealiaseygaiqqeiedakaqlegklaiveahdaikalsiahmlekdfgmrvviynfhpwstearetsidylletgmdpevlitkgtlkfgkyesmkqteeellaflgsvdpastvyfgsslsypaipvvdlnailnrprfgfrgalkvaqciltsmrysfrprswltkkmvfpeqsqglasassltpkwseeapdctlyaaerrkgrcmmn
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(1742644..1744092),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyftgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavantsskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkakvnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkakvnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkakvnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS1_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS1_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS21_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS21_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Chlorobium_luteolum_DSM_273  coded_by=1720192..1721832,organism=Chlorobium luteolum DSM 273,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
meanktypdpsaireelvqkypakvakkrtksiiindpetvpevqanvrtvpgiitqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnithgpigcsfyswltrrnqtkpetdadanfitycfstdmqeenivfggekklkvaiqeaydlfhpksiaifstcpvgligddvhaaaremkeklgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvgrnnekkegkfrlnllgeyniggdafeierifkkcgitlvssfsgnstvgqlenahmadlnvimchrsinymgemmetkygipwmkinfvgaessakslrriaqyfgdeglkakveeviaeelpkvkavideirprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlftelgmttvaagyefahrddyegrevlpgikidadsknieelkveadpelykprkseaelealkaegleingyegmmkqmmkkslvvddishyeseklieiykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpytgfegavnfyrdidrmvnnpvwklikapwetaagendgvleatyaea
>Desulfotomaculum_kuznetsovii_DSM_6115  coded_by=complement(2191593..2193095),organism=Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii DSM 6115,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
madiqdsgcgrydnpgyytgiidmcapiplhrqsgvpgkvpgallvargikncipllhapvgcafqrkvnpfrpwdiffdtpcsgitevetvyggndrlfnaikavagkyrpdlvlvistcapdligddfesvirevrkeipceviyttgnarrqpvgvqdaltsvidqlvdepaeklehgvnictlpahnatfkiaelkalleeigaqingiyfidstvdqirklsraklnitdtrqewcrlaenkfgmkslalnqfqfkslddspgtvsgtvkllqhiareldlgepayaaierkkrqvenelarwkeklqgkriamtfflhggagsimvkelgmecgvliiktpalsrslkresveemirrvvdfiqrhqrsepvvlfdpapedeiaaikqnnidlavcglnavnlsaylgrgirvfdegrftrhhvrvgfefvlnlakevarvfdrpvsrktllslldyssgkerphlteywaniaecfqsvwfcdvcecageggk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR397  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR397,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cp10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cp10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklhklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5680G  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5680G,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrftpeksqfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpksklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR510  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR510,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqdlfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkvapereakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_tyrobutyricum_DIVETGP  coded_by=20430..21845,organism=Clostridium tyrobutyricum DIVETGP,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
mglldkrkpqirekrlntlntyfgdidqllnnmeageinqkirtfsqtsfdeiiyvlqvlngiedsgivihgplgcsavqlhmlskarsrkwvvtnlneqdsilgsgeklelairklyksckpnvifivatpviainnddilssvveledelnikivpifsdgfksktsifgsdvafhaiskylvtcnkeetqsnlinlisifeskkdlneiknllnrigveanilprfstleniyrvskaalsvsidkdngdyfvkslkekysipflsnlypigieetkdwfisvgralgleknaqdviykysdglneyidknnlnglriyinlptskafsivklikefgadlagitvdhiddinkedliyiknldesiklhvadgqsfeeenilnrlkpdlyiglsqhstlaarlgipsvaidnldilgfngvknfikavyktlnnrkfleilskkdrlpykknwynkstnwyikqevk
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=514..1512,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvpvkspgfggsknlgnrlageallehvigtveaddpgpgdinilgeynlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryaqvasahrsraammvcstalinlarkmeerwnipffegsfygisstseslrriaqllvkkgagfallhhveallaeeeerawkklevyrrrlegkrvhlntggvkswsivhalieigmeivgtsvrkstardkerikqmlkdenhlyqsmaaselyamlrehkpdimlsggrtqfvaleakipwldvnqerqhayagyegmvelarqidlaihnpvwaqlrepapwkqfvttarpaegsvfisrsaaeaasgfh
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_40  coded_by=603735..605108,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 40,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(12922..14295),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_BIDMC_61  coded_by=918..2291,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae BIDMC 61,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Rhizobium_freirei_PRF_81  coded_by=89171..90673,organism=Rhizobium freirei PRF 81,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyekngalhekliadvlsqypdkaakrrnkhlgvatgkdatdkeddvlsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkrldkiideieelfplnkgvsiqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehdktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfektdvefeaspydinvvgdyniggdawatrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrklakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaiiakyrprlqsktvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddatgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifakdmdlainnpvwdlydapwkrkvapaeavaae
>Rhizobium_tropici_CIAT_899  coded_by=286316..287818,organism=Rhizobium tropici CIAT 899,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyekngalhekliadvlsqypdkaakrrnkhlgvatgkdatdkeddvlsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkrldkiideieelfplnkgvsiqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehdktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfektdvefeaspydinvvgdyniggdawatrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrklakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaiiakyrprlqsktvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddatgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifakdmdlainnpvwdlydapwkrkvapaeavaae
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=1447960..1449402,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase, subunit alpha
mplklfccdeciperknhvyikeegedttdflplsnidtiagslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyiwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaimeafqefpaikrmfvyttcttaligdnpkavcrevqeeledvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeitseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqkyldkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyvkvalrkigaffgledkaeeviaeevakyegkldwykerlkgkqiciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrigtiyiddgneleffevldnihadliftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiyspmwklagkdpretdspmwsltekdsgvvqes
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgklldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkieadgkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrh
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=complement(51393..53435),organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein, alpha chain
mplkllkcdetiperekhvyikekgedttqflplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpigcaydtwhtkrypsdnghfqlkyvwssdmkeqhvvfggekqlaksireafkefpdikrmivyttcataligddiravvksaqqelgdvdifcvecpgfagvsqskghhvlniawinekvgtfepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvlekymekmgvqiiahftgngtydalrgmhraqlnvtncarsagyianelkkrygiprmdvdtwgfdycqealrkigaffgiedraeaviaeevakyqdrmnwykerlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmqvvsmsskfghqedfekviargqegtiyiddgneleffevlemirpdvvltgprvgalvkklhlpyinghgyhngpymgfegavnmardlynaiysplmnlagidirddetkkflfsedvkaeerpvvektsnistidqvvvetpahqslcvdrnnlvanssflpthevkgwnlelrtlvseenrrfmdsevqsaksvdmtfddagasdetliletqtsptklqlsqwqlvsrkvwgilkqlpqyiakfssqnqplilgiilmiavlitvklviallnaineipllpfvfelvgisyvgwfisryllkasarqelvnrihslqkeiv
>Magnetococcus_marinus_MC-1  coded_by=complement(1496361..1497800),organism=Magnetococcus marinus MC-1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msvltreeaqslieevlevypeeskkdrlkhltvndpsitqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgytgvnafgtmnftsdfqerdvvfggdkklekivhecealfplmkgmsvqsecpigligddieavarktsaainkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvlenrkdkmretgpydvavigdyniggdawasrilleemglnvvaqwsgdgtlaementpavklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeakygipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaeqfddkikegaekviakytpimegiigkyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtikemgdstliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpcwdsfkapwk
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=complement(4445160..4446506),organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mhhsglfvepacehnhcpdkmgcsspkpgertqpcafqgsqsvlmpildtahlvhgtasclqngwgmlkaqspgaslsklvfsmgmteenitlgsekkllqmigqiirrhhppcifvyatcstvfamenlnavceqaektwgipviavdnpglsggpnignryagealfkkvigaadvevqectpfdinliggypfaqemkeiegllseagirvmtriggdcsfdelraahlakvnmlvggrsmlnlarhmrdtfdipfcegsffgsneirfslrqlayyfqnaelddrlqrymrkeearlrkeisltckplkgkkvmlftegseswlyisalhelglritaigthsnaredvsrikerikedtlilteideksmlklyesrqadlmivsgrsayvplkekipfldidedrrktysgyaglrrmaedlmdileqpvwqtvcrrppwev
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._AU5sfb  coded_by=<1..>777,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. AU5sfb,definition=NifD
rakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleevglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisra
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(129224..130564),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msnfidrprylctmggavstlkalpraisiihaaagcggnfgnalngaagylgsgycagqalpssnvferdivfggeerleeqiastleivdgdlyfvvtgcmvdiigddavsvarrfnqqgkpvfaaetggfkgnaytgydivlstlfrdfvekrpvknkkivnlfglvpiqdvfwkgnlnvlkdliqklgykvntffgegetienlkqageahlnivvsdvygvksakifeeihdvpyivanlpigpagtkefletvgkalgvdellvsnviaeekaryysyverladvyndldfqrysvvvadanyapaltrfiaddlgwlpelvvitdllsedeeklvaekfttfssgvipkvvfdtdtsnvskhfnkawprnnnnryfnafspafvfgssldrefadslgaahlsvsypisnrvvldraylgysgslrliedvigllvgsr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=25595..26935,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msnfidrprylctmggavstlkalpraisiihaaagcggnfgnalngaagylgsgycagqalpssnvferdivfggeerleeqiastleivdgdlyfvvtgcmvdiigddavsvarrfnqqgkpvfaaetggfkgnaytgydivlstlfrdfvekrpvknkkivnlfglvpiqdvfwkgnlnvlkdliqklgykvntffgegetienlkqageahlnivvsdvygvksakifeeihdvpyivanlpigpagtkefletvgkalgvdellvsnviaeekaryysyverladvyndldfqrysvvvadanyapaltrfiaddlgwlpelvvitdllsedeeklvaekfttfssgvipkvvfdtdtsnvskhfnkawprnnnnryfnafspafvfgssldrefadslgaahlsvsypisnrvvldraylgysgslrliedvigllvgsr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(267..1607),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msnfidrprylctmggavstlkalpraisiihaaagcggnfgnalngaagylgsgycagqalpssnvferdivfggeerleeqiastleivdgdlyfvvtgcmvdiigddavsvarrfnqqgkpvfaaetggfkgnaytgydivlstlfrdfvekrpvknkkivnlfglvpiqdvfwkgnlnvlkdliqklgykvntffgegetienlkqageahlnivvsdvygvksakifeeihdvpyivanlpigpagtkefletvgkalgvdellvsnviaeekaryysyverladvyndldfqrysvvvadanyapaltrfiaddlgwlpelvvitdllsedeeklvaekfttfssgvipkvvfdtdtsnvskhfnkawprnnnnryfnafspafvfgssldrefadslgaahlsvsypisnrvvldraylgysgslrliedvigllvgsr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(266..1606),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msnfidrprylctmggavstlkalpraisiihaaagcggnfgnalngaagylgsgycagqalpssnvferdivfggeerleeqiastleivdgdlyfvvtgcmvdiigddavsvarrfnqqgkpvfaaetggfkgnaytgydivlstlfrdfvekrpvknkkivnlfglvpiqdvfwkgnlnvlkdliqklgykvntffgegetienlkqageahlnivvsdvygvksakifeeihdvpyivanlpigpagtkefletvgkalgvdellvsnviaeekaryysyverladvyndldfqrysvvvadanyapaltrfiaddlgwlpelvvitdllsedeeklvaekfttfssgvipkvvfdtdtsnvskhfnkawprnnnnryfnafspafvfgssldrefadslgaahlsvsypisnrvvldraylgysgslrliedvigllvgsr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=116293..117633,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msnfidrprylctmggavstlkalpraisiihaaagcggnfgnalngaagylgsgycagqalpssnvferdivfggeerleeqiastleivdgdlyfvvtgcmvdiigddavsvarrfnqqgkpvfaaetggfkgnaytgydivlstlfrdfvekrpvknkkivnlfglvpiqdvfwkgnlnvlkdliqklgykvntffgegetienlkqageahlnivvsdvygvksakifeeihdvpyivanlpigpagtkefletvgkalgvdellvsnviaeekaryysyverladvyndldfqrysvvvadanyapaltrfiaddlgwlpelvvitdllsedeeklvaekfttfssgvipkvvfdtdtsnvskhfnkawprnnnnryfnafspafvfgssldrefadslgaahlsvsypisnrvvldraylgysgslrliedvigllvgsr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR861  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR861,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqdlfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=2415673..2417025,organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=hypothetical protein
mprgknalfvepdcehngqekkgcvrpgpgevsrgcpvagslaallpirdaahlvhgtsaclesgwlepadrghhgglagygfstylndrdmalggegkllkaigyiaenykppaifvyatcitvlsmedldavcseaetawnipvipvhspgfsgssgnmgrrlagealmdrvigqgveepghpgtydinligeyeggeegadmeallaktgirvlsqitgensysrvsrahlakvnmvvcsramitlarrmkdrydipyfegsfygereirftirqlafhfgdaelekklyryirkeeerlrselanvrrelkgksvvlytdgteswryltllqelglkiaavgtnrntqedmsrirerleggtvilnecgdgkilqtfrerrgdlmlvsgrneyvplkeripflnlardrhrsyagyagvrrlagdildtleqpvwklsgksapwer
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=complement(6139757..6141259),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msviekqsvaeikarnkeliaevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsktkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdklpadaaprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasyfddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmtkapwkqapkpllqaae
>Nodularia_spumigena_CCY9414  coded_by=complement(93765..95144),organism=Nodularia spumigena CCY9414,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkstqgkinellsesgcehnqhkqgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpllyktgfttdlsendvifggekklyqailqlsdrykppaifvyatcvtaligddmdavckaatektgipvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggealleyvvgtaepetttpydinligeyniagemwgvtplleklgirvlskitgdaryndiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerynipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaklgdadlqertekliaeetaaldlalapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkarikkligndgimmekgnakellklvkdtgadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagysgmvemarelyealyspiweqirkpapweeleg
>Nodularia_spumigena_CCY9414  coded_by=4117302..4118681,organism=Nodularia spumigena CCY9414,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkstqgkinellsesgcehnqhkqgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpllyktgfttdlsendvifggekklyqailqlsdrykppaifvyatcvtaligddmdavckaatektgipvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggealleyvvgtaepetttpydinligeyniagemwgvtplleklgirvlskitgdaryndiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerynipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaklgdadlqertekliaeetaaldlalapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkarikkligndgimmekgnakellklvkdtgadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagysgmvemarelyealyspiweqirkpapweeleg
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(227589..228878),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=hypothetical protein
msyidaprttcalggaldlvnsldraapiihagpgcgmalftgnlghgyqyegyacgyatpstntlekqvvfggedrlreqikttleiidadiyfvisgctvgligddiravvnefsgsdkpvifaetsgfkgdtyrgydiayksmidqltvrskkrtkgvvnllgivplmdafwqgnineivrllqkiglkvnlsgngdtvdkiknaskvelnivlspntgiavadhfkqkfgvpylvyplpigsetsnflrevaralhldlekvekvieeeentfwkyllkfteahvfalsnkefaviadsgyavgitkflandlsltpgliavtdqpeenlresireniskldydldptvlfesdnykiwenikenkpnvvfgstndkiegkkygistfpltfplydqvvlskgysgyrgavtlaeelstmlisgt
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=64982..66271,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=hypothetical protein
msyidaprttcalggaldlvnsldraapiihagpgcgmalftgnlghgyqyegyacgyatpstntlekqvvfggedrlreqikttleiidadiyfvisgctvgligddiravvnefsgsdkpvifaetsgfkgdtyrgydiayksmidqltvrskkrtkgvvnllgivplmdafwqgnineivrllqkiglkvnlsgngdtvdkiknaskvelnivlspntgiavadhfkqkfgvpylvyplpigsetsnflrevaralhldlekvekvieeeentfwkyllkfteahvfalsnkefaviadsgyavgitkflandlsltpgliavtdqpeenlresireniskldydldptvlfesdnykiwenikenkpnvvfgstndkiegkkygistfpltfplydqvvlskgysgyrgavtlaeelstmlisgt
>Synechococcus_sp._JA-3-3Ab  coded_by=complement(1827528..1828991),organism=Synechococcus sp. JA-3-3Ab,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mttpksalkeenrkviaevletypekakqkrakhlnvydegktdcgvksniksipgvmttrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihlshgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqerdvvfggdkklakllveaselfplakgitiqsecpvgligddieavakrvskeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpiadkkakegslnfepgpydvaligdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvtqfsgdgtwnemllaprvklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeaygipwlefnffgptqiakslraiaqrfdetiqakaeqviakyqpqseaviakyrprlegkrvmlmvgglrprhvipafrelgmeviatgyefghgddykrttqyiddgtliyddvsgyefeefakrlkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdlalnsptwdlvkapwks
>Herbaspirillum_frisingense_GSF30  coded_by=126691..128070,organism=Herbaspirillum frisingense GSF30,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mtalklkiqevfeepacdknqaktekqrkagcskqlapgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgvqtyrtgfttdineidviyggekrlykavkeiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaltgddieavckaasakfgkpvipvnspgfagvknlgnklagealldyvigtvepefttpydiniigeynlsgelwqitplldamgvrvlscisgdgryreiasshrarasmmvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygigdvsdslrqiarllvqqgapaeltdrtealiaveearawsrlahykkrlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqevgieivgtsvkkstredkerikeimgdeahmiddmtpremyamlkearadimlsggrsqfialkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmitlvseidralynpvweqvrapapwe
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C6  coded_by=complement(1689772..1691214),organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C6,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvlnldtenrkmqngnksddfdlevkipnsifeklksiealkaresqmcvsgkddsiptcdknstpgmitqrscvyggarvvlmpitdavhlvhgpigcaactwdirgskstgdklykngfstdlqesdvvfggekklyesilevnklyhpgaifvystcvvgligddikavcrqaeettccrvipvqsegfksfnktaghklacdamldyligteepeeehpysiniigefnvagdlwgiiplyekmgvkvhtaitgdstvskvasahrsklnivqcqkssnylaaqmekkygipnlkvnffgidettkslravaeffgdeemikrteeliksevknlrdeiseykkdlagstvaiysgahkswalvsafgeldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqkirehvcegtlivddassmelvqllkeykpdilisgakekylslksgvphcdfnhdritafsgfqgfinfarvvhtavmtpvwklsrk
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_KA1  coded_by=922186..923490,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis KA1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtergcafagvkgvitgaikdvlhvvhspvgctaygngttkryptrpempdgsvfpvenfnlkhivgtdltesdvvfggmnklkkvireaskefpfvnaiyvyatcttgligddldavckemqaelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnytifeklvgtkeppkttdydinligeynidgdywvlekyfedmginvlskftgdathgelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpylkvdffgpeycaenlravgkyfgkeieaeavikkemekiqpeldfyksklqgkkiwisaggpkswhlskpieqylgmdvvalsglfehedgyekmqerakdgtiiiddpntlemeevvekyqpeivlggikekyffhklgvpsvmihsyengpyigfegfvnmardiyttiynpawklmefeeeepgdsne
>Polaromonas_naphthalenivorans_CJ2  coded_by=complement(2475245..2476708),organism=Polaromonas naphthalenivorans CJ2,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtatveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfedgkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigitgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqelfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyvgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdktdpnkhpefvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvisqwsgdgtiaeientpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddtikakaeeviakyrplmeavvarfkprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveqvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspiwaltkapwkkaa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=260841..262301,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
msinlkdtaaplrekrlgsvsgysgdaeelykkshdgslkdidrsfsqctscsanqvknqlvyiqdaavvehgpagcsgdipnrnmvgrsgrkkrklpirnlhyintnltekdtiyggakklelsikeakrrfnpkaifvtttcasgiigddveavcnkaekeigipvitiicegfrskiwalgfdaayhgilrkivkpavnkrndliniinfqgkdiftelfgrlglkvnylvpyttieqlshiseaaatvqicatlgtyfaagleehfgvpevkspppygiagtdawfrelgrivhkedevekliaeekdriapkltelkeklrgkkvyigagaahghgmmsivkelgmdlvggctwhhdakfdnsdersdslkhvvdnygnfklsicnkqsfelvnklynlkpdlfitrhastiwasklgipsleigdehfaigyqgllnygeiildtisnsmfveniakhsklpytdwwlkqnafkflggev
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1070544..1072004,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlkdtaaplrekrlgsvsgysgdaeelykkshdgslkdidrsfsqctscsanqvknqlvyiqdaavvehgpagcsgdipnrnmvgrsgrkkrklpirnlhyintnltekdtiyggakklelsikeakrrfnpkaifvtttcasgiigddveavcnkaekeigipvitiicegfrskiwalgfdaayhgilrkivkpavnkrndliniinfqgkdiftelfgrlglkvnylvpyttieqlshiseaaatvqicatlgtyfaagleehfgvpevkspppygiagtdawfrelgrivhkedevekliaeekdriapkltelkeklrgkkvyigagaahghgmmsivkelgmdlvggctwhhdakfdnsdersdslkhvvdnygnfklsicnkqsfelvnklynlkpdlfitrhastiwasklgipsleigdehfaigyqgllnygeiildtisnsmfveniakhsklpytdwwlkqnafkflggev
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2353291..2354751),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msinlkdtaaplrekrlgsvsgysgdaeelykkshdgslkdidrsfsqctscsanqvknqlvyiqdaavvehgpagcsgdipnrnmvgrsgrkkrklpirnlhyintnltekdtiyggakklelsikeakrrfnpkaifvtttcasgiigddveavcnkaekeigipvitiicegfrskiwalgfdaayhgilrkivkpavnkrndliniinfqgkdiftelfgrlglkvnylvpyttieqlshiseaaatvqicatlgtyfaagleehfgvpevkspppygiagtdawfrelgrivhkedevekliaeekdriapkltelkeklrgkkvyigagaahghgmmsivkelgmdlvggctwhhdakfdnsdersdslkhvvdnygnfklsicnkqsfelvnklynlkpdlfitrhastiwasklgipsleigdehfaigyqgllnygeiildtisnsmfveniakhsklpytdwwlkqnafkflggev
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2353291..2354751),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msinlkdtaaplrekrlgsvsgysgdaeelykkshdgslkdidrsfsqctscsanqvknqlvyiqdaavvehgpagcsgdipnrnmvgrsgrkkrklpirnlhyintnltekdtiyggakklelsikeakrrfnpkaifvtttcasgiigddveavcnkaekeigipvitiicegfrskiwalgfdaayhgilrkivkpavnkrndliniinfqgkdiftelfgrlglkvnylvpyttieqlshiseaaatvqicatlgtyfaagleehfgvpevkspppygiagtdawfrelgrivhkedevekliaeekdriapkltelkeklrgkkvyigagaahghgmmsivkelgmdlvggctwhhdakfdnsdersdslkhvvdnygnfklsicnkqsfelvnklynlkpdlfitrhastiwasklgipsleigdehfaigyqgllnygeiildtisnsmfveniakhsklpytdwwlkqnafkflggev
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1619897..1621357,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlkdtaaplrekrlgsvsgysgdaeelykkshdgslkdidrsfsqctscsanqvknqlvyiqdaavvehgpagcsgdipnrnmvgrsgrkkrklpirnlhyintnltekdtiyggakklelsikeakrrfnpkaifvtttcasgiigddveavcnkaekeigipvitiicegfrskiwalgfdaayhgilrkivkpavnkrndliniinfqgkdiftelfgrlglkvnylvpyttieqlshiseaaatvqicatlgtyfaagleehfgvpevkspppygiagtdawfrelgrivhkedevekliaeekdriapkltelkeklrgkkvyigagaahghgmmsivkelgmdlvggctwhhdakfdnsdersdslkhvvdnygnfklsicnkqsfelvnklynlkpdlfitrhastiwasklgipsleigdehfaigyqgllnygeiildtisnsmfveniakhsklpytdwwlkqnafkflggev
>Heliobacillus_mobilis  coded_by=859..>2129,organism=Heliobacillus mobilis,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
maeqetpkytpatpemvdevlsaypdrakkmrakhitvktegcascsvksnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvfgpvkdmihishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnlaegelgvnnfvpfqftsdfsendivyggdkkleqicrevkelfptvkgisvmsecpvgligddiesvskkmskeldlpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdhllgkkereeevgpydvsligdyniggdawasikileemglrvrnvwtgdstiemlqtahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhmeetygiphmefnffgptkikqsiraiaarfdetiqekaeaviakyepmmqavidkyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtmpmmgdntviyddvtayeleefvnrmkpdligsg
>Stanieria_sp._PCC_7301  coded_by=1..1446,organism=Stanieria sp. PCC 7301,definition=NifD
mttvdqnkelikevldaypekaakrrskhlgvreeeksdcgvksnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklkklidelevlfplsqgttiesecpvgligddieavarqkaeetkkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrklpegfepgpydvniigdyniggdawpsrmlleaiglrvisqfsgdgsfnetvmtplaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygigwleynffgptqiakslrkiaaqfdetiqanaekviaeyqkdmdaiveqyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvipafedlgmevigtgyefghnddykrtadyvkegtiiyddvsghefeefakqlnpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyhgfavfardmdlainnptwslienpwkk
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae_CCNWGS0123  coded_by=complement(15838..17328),organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae CCNWGS0123,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslstkiqevfnepaceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvystcvtaligedieavckraaekfglavvpvdapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlagefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvatahraraammvcssalinlarkmeerweipffegsfygitdtsealrqishllvkkgadpeildrtetlialeegiawkklaayrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsivhalmeigieivgtsvkkstakdkerikqilkddnhmfeqmaarelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdrppavkdelpstksetatvqafkkfagatavdfgac
>Cylindrospermum_stagnale_PCC_7417  coded_by=6119304..6120671,organism=Cylindrospermum stagnale PCC 7417,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkttqgkvnellsepgcehnqhkqsekknkscaqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykmgfttdlgendvifggekklyqailqlqkryqpaavfvyatcvtaligddidavckaaaektgtpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggeslleyvvgtaepefttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplleklgirvlskitgdaryneiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerygipyieesfygindvnqclrniaaklgdrdlqertekliaeetaaldlalapyrdrlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdvgievvatstrksteedkakikkligqdgimlekgnaqelleliketkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemarelyealyspvweqirkpapwd
>Pseudomonas_sp._BAY1663  coded_by=complement(22564..23580),organism=Pseudomonas sp. BAY1663,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkakdiaelldepacthnkkeksgcakptpgatdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpqlyrigmttdlseqdvimgraekrlfhairqavesyappavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaasehfatpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriagnamvkhvigtrepdplpagseragirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqerfgtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarligdadlasrtealiareeakiraalepganawpasaccstpagsspgr
>Chlorobium_limicola_DSM_245  coded_by=complement(752139..753506),organism=Chlorobium limicola DSM 245,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkeeigilegrqgqvfekksgeaeqldiscektslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfstdlgemdviyggekklylslielidkykpkaafiystciigligddidavckkvsketgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaactslmklvgtgsiegispysinilgefnlageawiireyyekmgievvstmtgdgrvdavrrahgatlnvvqcsgsmttlakemeekygipymrvsyfgiedmskslydvakhfsdrpdimdaakeivskevaklypelqkfkkvlagkkaaiyvggafktfslikalrsigmsvvlagsqtgnkddyerlremcdegtiivddsnpvelskfvlekeadlliggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkiplagfigmynfakevyqsvmspvwqfaprkggki
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
xhiandvirdwvfpvagkeiaekgnegtpydvaivgdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynflgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zb1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zb1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sbw22  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sbw22,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sba8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sba8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rhw4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rhw4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lrs5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lrs5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lia4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lia4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cmy17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cmy17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cmh1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cmh1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cna3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cna3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfrr1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfrr1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfs5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfs5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfhr.1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfhr.1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lei1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lei1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lh15  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lh15,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Cf4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Cf4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Cf3.6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Cf3.6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtLT13  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtLT13,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Cf1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Cf1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._LcRI3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. LcRI3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lh10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lh10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtLT4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtLT4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._LcCT6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. LcCT6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ram3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ram3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pibl4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pibl4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pped2.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pped2.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ppau4.13  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ppau4.13,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dswb3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dswb3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drct5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drct5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drct4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drct4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drct1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drct1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxwr4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxwr4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnwr1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnwr1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnwr2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnwr2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drwr3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drwr3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcwr4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcwr4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcwr1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcwr1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcwr3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcwr3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnsk3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnsk3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnsk2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnsk2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnfc5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnfc5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnfc3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnfc3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxfc6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxfc6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._diwb2a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. diwb2a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._diwb1b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. diwb1b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dswb2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dswb2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dirr6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dirr6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dirr3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dirr3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dmfc1b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dmfc1b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dmfc2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dmfc2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drkt4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drkt4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnt8.1b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnt8.1b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hncv2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hncv2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hny7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hny7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hny5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hny5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hna3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hna3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dnr4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dnr4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=143285..144712,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacshnkkeksgcakpkpgatdggcsfdgaqiallpvadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpdlyrigmttdltendvimgraekrlfhairqavesysppavfvyntcvpaligddvdavckaaaerfgtpvipvdsagfygtknlgnriageamlkyvigtrepdplpvgserpgirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlagdaryrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqetygtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarllddpdltartealiareeakvraalepwrarlegkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnarvllktvdeyqadiliaggrnmytalkgrvpfldinqerefgyagydgmlelvrqlcitlecpvweavrrpapwdipasqdaapsaparsana
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=143285..144712,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacshnkkeksgcakpkpgatdggcsfdgaqiallpvadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpdlyrigmttdltendvimgraekrlfhairqavesysppavfvyntcvpaligddvdavckaaaerfgtpvipvdsagfygtknlgnriageamlkyvigtrepdplpvgserpgirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlagdaryrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqetygtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarllddpdltartealiareeakvraalepwrarlegkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnarvllktvdeyqadiliaggrnmytalkgrvpfldinqerefgyagydgmlelvrqlcitlecpvweavrrpapwdipasqdaapsaparsana
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=143285..144712,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacshnkkeksgcakpkpgatdggcsfdgaqiallpvadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpdlyrigmttdltendvimgraekrlfhairqavesysppavfvyntcvpaligddvdavckaaaerfgtpvipvdsagfygtknlgnriageamlkyvigtrepdplpvgserpgirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlagdaryrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqetygtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarllddpdltartealiareeakvraalepwrarlegkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnarvllktvdeyqadiliaggrnmytalkgrvpfldinqerefgyagydgmlelvrqlcitlecpvweavrrpapwdipasqdaapsaparsana
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=1495..2865,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllecdipiperekhtyikepgetivpmcnvqttpgdltergctyagcmgvvggpvkdvihlvhgpigcafytwgggrrqnlsdntefhrkycfstnmgesniifggekklhdsivqayerfpevngvfvyascvigligddmksvckqasneigvpvipfscegfrgvsqslghhiandviferivgtkepdrltphdiniigdyniqgdlwiisplfeamglrilctftgnasindlamahraklnvmhcqrstpyicelmeekydlpympvslfgieqtskalrdvaaffgledqaetiiesevskilpeieyykenlkgkrvfiyqgaprawhwiklmeelgmevigaattfghtddyekiverigngglvidnpnsvelkeiltkykpdlfisglkekflaykhgvpfvnghsyergpyavysgfvkfakdihttinnpawgliegrt
>Thioflavicoccus_mobilis_8321  coded_by=complement(3987010..3988416),organism=Thioflavicoccus mobilis 8321,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaalldepacvhndkgksgcarlkpgataggcsfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgsiacagsswdnrgsrssgptlyrlglttdlteqdvimgrsekrlfhaikqaidsyhppavfvyntcvpaltgddveavckaaqarwgtpvvpvdaagfygtknlgnriagdtmirhvcgtrepdplppgvehegfrvhdvnligeyniagelwhvmplfdelglrllcslsgdaryrevqtmhraevnmmvcskaminvarklqeaygtpwfegsfygvrdvsqalrdfarliddpdltartealiareeaaidaqlapwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsviaalqdlgmevvatgtrksteddkarirelmgedatmiedgnprglldlvaergadvliaggrnmftavkarvpflhinqerefayagytgmlelarqlcqtiespvwaaarrpapwrtaatqttteea
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=4806..6452,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
msslaatvqnifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqssmaaiacdpalaetarrarnigvcnrvdlgtiedaiyvhglrsvaavreltnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_68  coded_by=920..2293,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 68,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcstpkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=435937..437310,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirilgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Methanotorris_formicicus_Mc-S-70  coded_by=2094..3524,organism=Methanotorris formicicus Mc-S-70,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvlldcdkpipermkhtyvydpeeeiipacniktvpgdmtergcsfagargvvggpvkdvihmihgpigcayytwgtrrnlsdcelhrrycfstdmqeadvvyggekklekacleaasefpqakgifiyatcptaligdnleavakkveekigkpvfacnspgyagcsqskghhifntefyrwlkkarekfpekclkeeektpydiaiigdynmdwdvavikelfekigcripvvftgnaslddlfklpdvklnvvhcqrsanyiaemiedgfnipkvwvslfgieqtaealrktaealdipkekveevikeeleeikpeldfyksklegkkclvyvggprtwhwvramkelgidvvvacctfaheddyeklnknlkkaglkgtlvidapneleleeaiekykpdfmltglkerylfrkygvptinshsyeqgpyacfkgfvnfardiykavchpiwdviyegekkfeefkkke
>Phascolarctobacterium_sp._CAG:266  coded_by=complement(12464..13696),organism=Phascolarctobacterium sp. CAG:266,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mslcrylpvpsdrmaiiwsllsvknslvleygpagtthfsmglygtlgidfenrlftthmseddvvmgdvtrlenaikeldasyepevifvvassvsavigtdikgvcnymqnevkaklvsfeqggfrgdygiglnevykllvknlpqksdkidgsynilgasmgryrmesdvwevqnlmrdafgmqpvaclccntsveqiknmpaaalnlvlcsealeaaeylkekfgtpyvycppygykktmaflqqvsaaagkpiapalmaelgkkmrsfgmlgmyammgglkkcpqavvkgdydtvcgiagflkeagievthkicshalksvmnpapdvkfyadekerldifrslqntlvladdvaimqcsssntclrisapvingsqvathlpfmgikgadylmetielyyqqly
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=5447953..5449326,organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaveqelapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Azoarcus_sp._CIB  coded_by=complement(791594..793039),organism=Azoarcus sp. CIB,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msavlddktrnkalinevlevypekaakkrakhlnvyeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswatrrnyyngttgvdafgamqitsdfqekdivfggdkkldklvdeitqvfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkskevnlpmvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadyekpfestpydvvlmadyniggdawssrilleemglrvigqgtgdatlkeiemmprakllllhcyrsmnyiarhveekygvpwfeynlfgptkiaeslrgiaaffddtikekaeqviakytalsqavidkykprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevvgtgyefghgddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvssfelekfaekirpdlmasgvkekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmainspvwgmtkapwkk
>[Clostridium]_straminisolvens_JCM_21531  coded_by=81982..83502,organism=[Clostridium] straminisolvens JCM 21531,definition=nitrogenase
menrvynylnekappvredrlkacsafggsccvlsegirkgclngtrrqfsqtqgctlvlslailntvrnavivvhgpigcgggniffagiskafkqlrdpkadgliwintnldeadsisggetklkdailfaekefrpeaiivvnscvpaiigddvesvvrdlqksvaakivtvhcegfrskimataydsvyhgilrnlvvgnekpqkdyiddeeryraelaksktvnllnvssmsygdelelkrilealglkvrilpcystpkdfeevheaalnvsicsthddyfvghlkehynipyvletipigientnkwvldiaghfgireqaerlveretkelnkalepykkafagksvflaggeirvlataqllqdlglevlgmkgyhfdefgeklistvknndnlvfniatgqpfeqsnllnklkpdvyvghvggnvwaakqgfpifpifsqavnymgysgafevarrlnrilknnsfnknisrytrlpyynswyeedpfkyienhgg
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksirgemtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhccrsmkymsrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H32  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H32,definition=NifD
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_ultunense_Esp  coded_by=42610..44760,organism=Clostridium ultunense Esp,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE (modular protein)
mwrqvlealeepacehstnekhkvcarpkpgqasggcsfdgaqiallpiadaahlvhgplgcsgnswegrgslssgphlyqyglttdlkeseiifggekklreaigeimerfsppavfvystcvtaligddleaicreetrkwgvpvipvnspgfvgsknlgtrlagetlfqyvigtsdppettpydinligeyniagemweikelldkvgirilsritgdgrfqeirwahhakvnmvvcsralinlarkmeehyqipyfegsfygagetgsslrkiagllkdrelerrveeliqeeekklhrellqyrpvlkgkkvvlytggvkswsvisalqelgmevvavgtnkstqediarikervgadtelideggsgsilkavrskkadmmiaggrnmyvalkekipfleinqerhtayagytglkrlakhiahtlshpvwqlahkkapwcegwlmtvkikkksvsvnplkvsqplggslalqgfyrsipilhgsqgcasfaktlltrhyretiamqttalqemnvifgagkslfealdtiihklkpdligvlstgltevagddlignikeylkernmeqpfiipvslpdyqgslesgyaktveaivgrlleskdqwpteivrgrvnllpashltpgdvmeikeilrafglevisipdlstslsghlitgfsplsrggipldalpkmitaertlvigaawrrwrkkskkpqrshimffpa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=complement(4712015..4713685),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslsatiqdvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrrsfttdinetdivfggekrlykaireiiekydppaifvyqtcvpamigddinavckaaatkfgkpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageallehvigteepdyttpydiniigeynlsgefwqvkplldelgirilscisgdgkyrelayshrakaammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarmliergapaelmdrteaviareeakawaaierfkprfkdkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiedmtpremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqershaymgyigmvelmeeidkalynpmweqlrkpapwdagsvnwqakamaqmdaqaaeiaadpalaeatrrakkicfcktvdlgtiedaiaahglttvdgvkertsasggcgackgrvedilaarpvpvvlqaae
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_str._'Miyazaki_F'  coded_by=3309366..3310790,organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris str. 'Miyazaki F',definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mttatapnatataecrdadllderkkqvhragqgpidmacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqekdvifggekklaaaldelidlhqpkaafvystcivgligddlgavcrkmsekkgipvipvqsegfkgnkregylaackamfrlvgtaptedvsplsvnilgdfnlageiwivrgylarmgiqvvanitgdgrvddirrchgaalnlvqcsgstmdlarmmkekygtphlrvsylgiedmadslyavaehfesvdpgivertrelvreelaalmprlrdirrdlsgkraaiyvggsfkafslikafrhigmnvvlvgsqtgtqeeyreletvcdpgtviiddanplelshyvreldvdvfvggvkerpiahklgvgfcdhnherkialagfegmynfarevhasvmspvwrfvprrarraaipagada
>Mesorhizobium_metallidurans_STM_2683  coded_by=complement(26502..28004),organism=Mesorhizobium metallidurans STM 2683,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsiaksgveaggeseilsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideievlfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrkkakeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdvefeagaydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqietslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviskyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwdlyqapwkerpprgraiaae
>Methanosarcina_mazei_SarPi  coded_by=complement(691261..692859),organism=Methanosarcina mazei SarPi,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysghytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Pleurocapsa_sp._PCC_7327  coded_by=complement(4249925..4251598),organism=Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7327,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtdntflapktdvevqaaqakeevmlsrspiskeetretveeileaypakvakkrskhiiirnpeeidqeiaanerttpgiitqrgcayagckgvvvgpfgdcihivhgpigcsyyawmtrrnqyktredgrnwinysfstdlqeedivfgginklktavreayntfdpkpksitihatcpvgligddiqgaakelteelglpvvafncegykgvsqsaghhianngffkhwigtdteteeiegftvnlmgeyniggdaweiervlekcgiktvatfsgdgtydaatkahlakvnlvmchrsinymatmmetkygvpwikvnfigihafaksirkvarffdnpeltarveevlaeeitlaeaqlaeyrkrlegktvflfvggsrahhyqelfadlgmktivagyefahrddyegrqalpkirvdadsrnieelevepdperynptrppevleqlreekvigdyegmmpdmgedallvdnishheldvlikrfkpdligsgikdkyiiekfgipckqlhsydyggpfagfrgavnfakdvdlrvngqawkyikapwqk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpti2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpti2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkliklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksgpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mangrovibacter_sp._MFB070  coded_by=complement(331600..333171),organism=Mangrovibacter sp. MFB070,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefdcskciperkqhavqkgegedltsalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkeknivfgaekvlknnineafdahpnikrmtiyqtcasaligddiaaiaqevmderpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtveptitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmtdyfhrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfgplsdslrkiglffgiedraqaiidaevarwkpeldwyrerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahviheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcevgalaiddpnelesleamyklkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlamrdiskdeiptdqgfatarmlsdatldeavrnapdtreysgnfdsvtplrerelpdfandqaprqeav
>Methanoculleus_bourgensis_MS2  coded_by=complement(327442..328485),organism=Methanoculleus bourgensis MS2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein
mnssrfegctltgalsvltevrdavciihgpagcahhnfsllhatllsndrlevplllstrltendiifggeealettiaralslsptpasifvlstcivetigddteavcakprgvpviavptagflggvfetgikgallavaslarpetaeptlsanlvgeknleygvdenaaeiarllgrlgiginlrfvrgistrdlerlgsatvnilrepalqpvgedlrrrfgtpyvdsfpaglsgtcrfleevgrisgidasdaveeerayqkamlegfcdmagsrvcfqtahpmlgadpaaeavctecaraldltvapdgvlvpfpypapvgtaglrrmlhrwrllvrg
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC394B00  coded_by=47521..49011,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC394B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepaceqnrdkvakarkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvvgtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwllkpllgrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmeqrwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiadeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllnsggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsenkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvreaapwdcqlavreelprtksetatlhvvqefagtmaddfgec
>Azoarcus_sp._BH72  coded_by=1803..3110,organism=Azoarcus sp. BH72,definition=Mo-protein dinitrogenase subunit
mtirgcayagsrgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgqysrggrrnyyvgttgvntfaemnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaqamaeieqlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkaaaqynkvvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdyvlsnrdgkefestpydvtiigdyniggdawasrifleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaementpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptkieeslrriaaffddsikakceeviakykpmmqavidkykprlqgkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtiqemgnatllyddvtgfeleefvkrikpdlvgsgikekyiyqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwgkqtppwkkteatedviaaa
>Sulfuricurvum_kujiense_DSM_16994  coded_by=complement(1516794..1518263),organism=Sulfuricurvum kujiense DSM 16994,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mgpetleakqkaaieeilkaypekaaknrekhlgvgspndenqktcgdvrsnkktvpgvmsqrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihishgpigcgqysragrrnyyigvtgvdtfvtmnfcsdfqennivfggdkklgqcideietlfplnngitvqsecpigligddiaavaktkakeigktivpvncegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdyifegdlshiqtndvtpteydvaiigdyniggdtwssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdatlkemaltpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmekefgipwveynffgpsqtikslrkiasffdesiqkkceeviakyqpmidaviakykprlegkqvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefahdddykrtkeeifrstviyddvneyeleafvkklqpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpyrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifaqdmdlainspvwahskapwekeg
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii  coded_by=complement(5686..7206),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
msldyendgdfnerligevlshypdktakrrkkhlgvakgreadakgsdvlcetevksniksipgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgltgvnafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideveelfplnngvslqsecpigligddieavarkkakehnktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdnhfepkvcdvnvigdyniggdawasrillegiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkarlnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrniaaffgpetqdraealitryqplikavtekyrprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyertghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfieairpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglydapwkkmhcahtcsacscdrede
>Megasphaera_cerevisiae_DSM_20462  coded_by=complement(15544..16890),organism=Megasphaera cerevisiae DSM 20462,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdsgvlqeradsiiikrsgdhgcrqmdcekasvagsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhiihgpigcasytwdirgsltsdsdlfrqsystdlrekdiifggaeklkraideiaitkqaklifvyatcivgvigddieavcreaeekhgirvipvkapgfsgtksqgyklacdaimnlignspykdikkqgvnilgdfnlageiwlikkylkkigipvvstitgdssyaslmkapsaalnvvqcagssvylakqmeetfgipyfrvsffgvedtsqsimhvaeaigseatiqqarvftesereksllflkrylphfegkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfremgidtvvvgtqtgkkedyevienlvkpntvilddtnpaelemfmrkmhadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalggyegvvnftrevnlslnspvwnclagr
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7425  coded_by=2310015..2311499,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7425,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppeaatlntstalpvadkkaliqevlaaypeksrkkrekhlnvyetgkadcgvksniksvpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakksakeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfpqydkqkkagnipdgteydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemintpsvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdaviakyrprlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmqligtgyefghnddykrtthyiengtlvyddvsayefeefvkelkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligtpwkq
>Desulfovibrio_alkalitolerans_DSM_16529  coded_by=complement(83640..85295),organism=Desulfovibrio alkalitolerans DSM 16529,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matkskkqksltpdevrqelikkyppkvarkrakqiqantgdeastpeilsnvrtipgimtmrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtepptpesenymtycfstdmnendivfggenklkqaireaydlfkpraiaifstcpvgligddvhavaremketlnkenpdhfinifgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifthvigltdkpkegkykinmlgeyniggdafviddllercgitlvstfsgnssihdferahtadlntimchrsinyvaemmeikygipwikvnfigakesakslrkiaqyfgdkelmdrveqviaeempaveaalasikprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfsemgmktlaagyefahrddyegrrvipsiqvdadsrnieelevcpdptrydkeleakkkaleaqgyefsdykgmmpemeqgtlsiddlnqheadklielykpdifcagikekfgiqkcgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfykeidrlvnskvwsfvkapwnknpeltatynwe
>Clostridium_sp._DMHC_10  coded_by=1781738..1783072,organism=Clostridium sp. DMHC 10,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mevesqvlderkefvcynsknkssrlrcdensisgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcasytwdlrgslssgseifrnsystdlsetdvifggekkltaaideivekfnpkvifvyatcivgvigddidavckkaeekyslriipvkspgfsgnkasgyraacnailklignkksknkinginylgdfnlageiwvvqsylkrigievvakitgdskydeiikapeaklnivqcagsmeylgkkmeeiydipyirvsflgiadtensllqiasilgdedtikkaekliedekskiqktiqyyrkrligkkaaiyvgggykaislikqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkprdyeiiknitkegtvilddanpyelekfmlekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilsgfegavnfaeeidltvnspvwkyv
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_WSM1689  coded_by=complement(86388..87791),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii WSM1689,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssietqmrdasaelfrskktkgacheasqgspagggcafdgakvvlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgpvlwrtsfttdlteleivtgdserkllkaigeikeeyapaaifvygtcvteligddiaavcrhavqkfaipvvpvkspgfggsknlgnrlageallehvigtveaddpgphdinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgvrvracipgdaryaqvasahrsraammvcstalsnlarkmeerwnipffegsfygisstseslrriaqllvkkgagfallhraeallaeeegwawkkmevyrrrlegkrvhlntggvkswsivhalieigmeivgtsvrkstagdkerikqmlkdenhlhqsmtaselyamlrehkpdimlsggrtqfvaleakipwldvnqerehayagyegmvelarqidlaihnpvwaqlrepapwkqfvttvrsgnqari
>Burkholderia_phymatum_STM815  coded_by=500351..501844,organism=Burkholderia phymatum STM815,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlfktstaevfdepgcaknqaksekerkqgcakqvspgtaaggcafdgakialqpvvdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgstlyrtgfttdlneldviyggerrlfssvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckhasekfgkpvipvnapgfagsknvgnklggealldyvigtrepayttpwdiniigeynlsgelwqtkplfdalgirilscisgdgryreiasahrakvnmvvcsksminvatkmrqrygipyfegsfygigdmsdalrrvakllvqqgapedllarterliaaeearawariapyreqldgkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstegdkdrikeimgddarmvenmtaremyamlcdakadimlsggrsqyvalkartpwldvnqerhhpyagyegivalvreidraihnpvwdlvripapwddevenvsaglpqfaedrtpelprasvqgcatgvcpgvta
>Burkholderia_phenoliruptrix_BR3459a  coded_by=696003..697496,organism=Burkholderia phenoliruptrix BR3459a,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein NifE
mlfktstaevfdepgcaknqaksekerkqgcakqvspgtaaggcafdgakialqpvvdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgstlyrtgfttdlneldviyggerrlfssvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckhasekfgkpvipvnapgfagsknvgnklggealldyvigtrepayttpwdiniigeynlsgelwqtkplfdalgirilscisgdgryreiasahrakvnmvvcsksminvatkmrqrygipyfegsfygigdmsdalrrvakllvqqgapedllarterliaaeearawariapyreqldgkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstegdkdrikeimgddarmvenmtaremyamlcdakadimlsggrsqyvalkartpwldvnqerhhpyagyegivalvreidraihnpvwdlvripapwddevenvsaglpqfaedrtpelprasvqgcatgvcpgvta
>Methanobacterium_lacus  coded_by=complement(2455277..2456644),organism=Methanobacterium lacus,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepvietfesrkshmcvkgdgisipvcdkaslpgtvtqrtcvyggarivlmpitdsihlvhgpigcaactwdirgskssredlykkgcstdlqetdivfggekklfetvielnklyhpgaifvyatcvagiigddikavckkaeeitgcrvipvqsegyqnhnktkghwiggdalldyvigtkepekttpfdinivgefnvagdlwgikplieamginiistltgdshvdeiaqahraklnivqcqkssnyvakkmeerygipfikvnffgleqtvnslrdiadffgdpemierteeiianglkevehktdeykkrlkgktvalyvggnkawslvrafeelgmdvmmsgtkngikedyeriketvkdgtiivddanstelarllkkykpnllisgakekyislklgipfcdfnhdrisafagfrgfvsfakevdasvsspvfnlsselggglngt
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_227  coded_by=3579723..3581279,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 227,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelvelyhppvifvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhnihvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkrlikrpsedeikkkgprvpetikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsmtgdstakaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqaeygipylnasffgiedislalrrtadyfgseeikkraeqileteinrimpeisrvrekvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfdelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellirqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfarevdasisspvwkavrqrilipeivgseqklgkiekaavkdmtsgenyakeckgillkpellhqkseaavesqv
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_MS  coded_by=3661748..3663304,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri MS,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelvelyhppvifvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhnihvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkrlikrpsedeikkkgprvpetikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsmtgdstakaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqaeygipylnasffgiedislalrrtadyfgseeikkraeqileteinrimpeisrvrekvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfdelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellirqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfarevdasisspvwkavrqrilipeivgseqklgkiekaavkdmtsgenyakeckgillkpellhqkseaavesqv
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2790003..2791532,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein VnfE-related oxidoreductase subunit
msyfdnkvppkredrlkaviahedticnmarkaggkscliddgergftqgsiclllpalamlntlpdnvvllhsalgcgscthsqnanvrvgsnirqgkakdgiwlstaldetdvisggepkleqaiieadrryrpstiaivagcvpgiigddidgvalkiqpqvnarllpvhcegfktkiwataydavyhtigrnlleergihdpapedelavfleqqrlartvnlmnvssmgrvdeqelerllnsigletnvfpvfshpdsfikatraalsistcpthddyflgylqerfkvpsiirhmpigidntslwlrdvaavfgaeeqaerliaaevaelkealgefrplfegkkvfvsagefralatsrllqeiglevvgirsfhhddfanveyeklageaksdyvvdianvqpfeeanllkrlkpdlflghangnmtaaklgipthviyntglsyigyrgvyevarrlhrqlknpsynrnlsqntrlpytenwygaepfsylntsgravne
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_R121  coded_by=complement(4222..5727),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus R121,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinelfplskgitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpeseatkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_DE442  coded_by=complement(4222..5727),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus DE442,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinelfplskgitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpeseatkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_Y262  coded_by=complement(4222..5727),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus Y262,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinelfplskgitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpeseatkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=complement(612092..613597),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinelfplskgitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpeseatkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>Mesorhizobium_huakuii_7653R  coded_by=complement(107200..108693),organism=Mesorhizobium huakuii 7653R,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleykndgalhaklveevlsqypdkaakhrkkhlsvaksgdeagevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrnkarehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdkkdigfeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglcvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkarlnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieekaekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglyqapwkespshgramaae
>Pseudobacteroides_cellulosolvens_ATCC_35603_=_DSM_2933  coded_by=6231359..6232693,organism=Pseudobacteroides cellulosolvens ATCC 35603 = DSM 2933,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
menilendileerkksifcnsefknnlkcesdsvagsisqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlvhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgsdtyrnsfstdlreenvifggekkleaaideiverfspklifvyatcivgvigddieavcksaekkysirvipvlssgfagnksmgykaacrallklmgepnaekingvnflgdfnlagemwiitkylkqvgidvvakvtgdstykeiinapkaslnvvqcagsmtflaeemqkrygipyikvsffgiedtkislmnianmienketsdrvkklvfieelkvraelsryrerlngkraaiyvgggfkaislikqfadlgiktvmvgtqtgrkdeydvirslassdtvvlddtnpaelekfikekgadvlvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhplcgfegavnfakeidstvnspvwnfv
>Desulfotomaculum_acetoxidans_DSM_771  coded_by=1049874..1051388,organism=Desulfotomaculum acetoxidans DSM 771,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mfyvypvaqasnrilkrdkhsapailalicllkkyarnkliekvgvdmqaikltdalieerknsitvkgsveakqkqsltcdaesvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcssytwdirgslssaadlyrnsfctdlkehdiifggekklafaidelvrkydsrlvfvystcvvgvigddleavckaaaekhnievipvqssgfignksagyraacdsllrliepnsgdvkdivkipdsinylgdfnlagevwiiksyleqigvkvnvaftgdshcdalkkapaaalnivqcagsmrylaqkmeeiydipclnisfiglqdtadslrkiadwfsneamlkraekliekktaevkpllrnyrkklegkkaaifvgggfkavslikqfkeigidvvmvgtqtgsqeeyetindladegtvilddanpselekfmtekgadllvggvkerplayklgmafidhnhdrkhplsgfvgavnfakevystvcspvwkyakd
>nitrogen-fixing_bacterium_AN1  coded_by=complement(<1..>851),organism=nitrogen-fixing bacterium AN1,definition=nitrogenase 3 alpha subunit
gsrergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdvkekhivfgaekllkqnileafkafpqikrmtiyqtcataligddinaiagevmeempevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitsdyvmnyvgeyniqgdqevmtdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsydglramhkaqlnvlecarsaeyianelrvrydiprldidgfgfkpladslrkigmffgiedrakavideevarwqpeldwykes
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=<1..>1041,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelgmpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslrkiaalfdetiqencekmiakykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmleegaivmddptayeleelremnidlvgsgvke
>Synechococcus_sp._JA-2-3B'a(2-13)  coded_by=complement(421901..423295),organism=Synechococcus sp. JA-2-3B'a(2-13),definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mplisrtkvaellnetacehnhkkdgkgknkvcaeqakpggaqggcafdgasialvpiadaahlvhgpiacsgnswgtrgslssgpqlyrvgfttdlseneiifggeeklfqaildlqakyqpaaifvyltcvtaligddveavcqrasrqlgipvipvnapgfvgsknlgnrlagealldyvigtaspeyttprdinligeyniagelwdvlplfdelgirilakitgdgryreictahraklnvlicakallnvgrkmqerygipyieasfyglqemnhclraiaqglkdpelqertealieretrateaalapyrqrlagkrvvlytggvkswsiisaardlgmqvtatstrksteedkarirellgqdgilldkgspqellkvvertkadlliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhayagyrglvnlareidaalhspiweqlrrpapwetpaeeevg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCGE-LA001  coded_by=complement(1124..2626),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCGE-LA001,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslattqsipeirarnkelieevlkvypektskrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskehggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasyfddkiregterviekyqplvndviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdmavnspiwkklkapwkdlpkpsllaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR389  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR389,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvidxiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR823  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR823,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR634  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR634,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR412  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR412,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC391B00  coded_by=complement(18891..20393),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC391B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglcvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkqaepsaaiaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=378..1811,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=R.capsulatus NifX, NifB and NifN genes
msealkskiadvlnepgcatnstktdvlrkrgcaerltpgaaaggcafdgamtalqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseldivmghgekklyralrpvieaespaavfvyatcvtaligddlgavcgaatakwgapcvpvgvpgfagsknlgnklggealldrvvgalepetvtpcdvniigdyglsgelwqvkplldklgirilgsiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqerygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrricellvdqgapkdllnrcevlvareeakawaalkpfrprvagrrvllytgghkswsvasalqelgmevvgtsmrkvtandrdrvieimgddkhmcenmapremyqeccarradvllsggrsqfvalkalvpsvdvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdasltgsvvsvpsgpar
>Cyanothece_sp._CCY0110  coded_by=149073..150491,organism=Cyanothece sp. CCY0110,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltkskindlltqpgcehnhnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmglttdlsendiifggekklykaiaqlikkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatdkygtpiipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepeyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkagirvlakitgdarydevchahraklnvmicskalinmasamkerynipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaqffgdkvlierveeiiaeettqldlalasyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrvvqktkadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwtqvrkpspweiwqqehesllnleaege
>Dysgonomonas_gadei_ATCC_BAA-286  coded_by=complement(7624..8961),organism=Dysgonomonas gadei ATCC BAA-286,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
magflkdrekqiftkggnsqsliggkpslagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcasytwdirgamssgpelhrssfstdlrekhvifggekqlyqalhelidkhhpkaafvystcivgvigddvqsvckrvakeknipviavmaegfqgskkdgykiacdamasligtdnskeistmsinilgdfnlagelwmlteyykrmdiqilasitgdgrvkdiqnahraslnvvqcsgsmmhlaktmkeeygipfmkvsyfgiedmsdalyevakffkseetmdkardlvkeelskllpalepyrvalqgkkaaiyvggafkaislvkalrligvktviagtqtgntedyklleaicddgcilvddsnpvelsefvkqtgadlfiggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherklalagyegmlnfakevyetvsspvwqfvkrsf
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_700603  coded_by=544870..546318,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae 700603,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskalekpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeletfvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Desulfarculus_baarsii_DSM_2075  coded_by=complement(496593..497960),organism=Desulfarculus baarsii DSM 2075,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
makvvfeersdqifekgedrpfriscdkqslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlihgpvgcaaytwdirgalssgpmlhrhsfstdlqerdvvfggekkleralreliarhrpkaafvystcivgiigddmaavcrkieaeagipvipvmsegfkgnkragyaaacramarligqgptegisphsvnllgdfnlagetwiikryleqmgvevvagvtgdgrvadlmrahgaalnlvqcsgatmelarmmqrdygtpflrvsylgvddmaqalydvadffgdplmaaraqelvsrelgalypqlmelrqdlqgkraamyvggafkafslikafrllgmrvvlagsqtgteedyeelarvsdpgtiivddanplelmnyllekdvdvfvggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherklalegfegmlnfareihatvmspvwrftprrmalakeaaa
>Calothrix_sp._PCC_7507  coded_by=108991..110397,organism=Calothrix sp. PCC 7507,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtihskrremkitqgkinellsepgcehnqhkqsekknkscaqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpllyktgfttdlgendvifggekklykailevqerykpaavfvyatcvtaligddidavckvaaektgtpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggealleyvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvtplleklgirvlskitgdaryaeityahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerygipyieesfygiddmnrclrhiaaklgdadlqartekliaeemanldialapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikkllgndgmmlekgnakellqlvkdtnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmvemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwdeevi
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=complement(1841946..1843286),organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=VnfN
mydelkfhncehskdpvlgcalegvasviagiedvsivihspqgcaatvanaydlheidftrrkvgctrlfetdvimgaseklkqlikdadntfntktmfvvgtcaadiigediegicksmqsevkarlipivaggfrgnsydgqdialnaiiplikkgekkyknsvniispqanlnptwwedlnwviktlnslginvqavlphntsmeeiknsasasanillshdagyqfakkmekihhiplilsdiplpigtentarwlraigiyfgvedkveqmikegeekvigllrkralmiipryrncriaisadatigiglvrmlfkelemipevimiksgreeakkvlnwelstlgispkvafsvdgyqikkglsdfyidtvigsawekymaeeigikvafdvlnptnrdiyvdrayfgydgmlnileimgndwerayrskeiswaqye
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=complement(1841820..1843160),organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mydelkfhncehskdpvlgcalegvasviagiedvsivihspqgcaatvanaydlheidftrrkvgctrlfetdvimgaseklkqlikdadntfntktmfvvgtcaadiigediegicksmqsevkarlipivaggfrgnsydgqdialnaiiplikkgekkyknsvniispqanlnptwwedlnwviktlnslginvqavlphntsmeeiknsasasanillshdagyqfakkmekihhiplilsdiplpigtentarwlraigiyfgvedkveqmikegeekvigllrkralmiipryrncriaisadatigiglvrmlfkelemipevimiksgreeakkvlnwelstlgispkvafsvdgyqikkglsdfyidtvigsawekymaeeigikvafdvlnptnrdiyvdrayfgydgmlnileimgndwerayrskeiswaqye
>Bradyrhizobium_oligotrophicum_S58  coded_by=2599200..2600873,organism=Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum S58,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein NifE
msslsatiqnvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakvalqpladvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsqlwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlykaikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddinavckaasakfgkpcipvnspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigtvepevttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirisacisgdgrykdvasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapadlldrteaviareeakawaaiepfkqrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagmelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiddmapremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqershafmgyigmvklvaeidkaiynpmwaqlrkrapwetasntwqakaiaqanaeaaalaadpvaaeaarrakkichcksvdlgtiedaikahalndvagvrthtnasggcgacagrvedilarvsapaellqaae
>Oscillatoriales_cyanobacterium_JSC-12  coded_by=673990..675369,organism=Oscillatoriales cyanobacterium JSC-12,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltqgkinellsesacehnhkkegkgknksctqvaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgsmlykmgfttdltenevifggekklykailevkerynpsavfvystcvtaligddldavcqkaaektgvpvipvnspgfigsknlgnrvggeslleyvvgtrepayttpydinligeyniagelwgvlplfeklgirvlaqitgdgryediacshraklnvmicskalinmarkmeekygipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaakigdadlqqrveqliteetlkldnalapyrerlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmevcatstkksteedkarikellgkdgimlekgnaqellkviaqtkadmliaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyvgmvemareleealyspvwaqvrkpapwdtevi
>Methanobacterium_sp._MB1  coded_by=1139466..1140827,organism=Methanobacterium sp. MB1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mnmsenqvqskqevytidpskhaleaprfscslagaygttlgirggipilhsgagcgvgqlfgtlyaggqgaggneggtstpcsclvedhvifggekklrnliqstteifngelfvvisgcvpsligddvdavvnefrdkvpivhvnapgfsgnsyegyelffeaiidqlltekpkkkklvnifgvvpynhvfwkgelptvkkllasigveaniifteenglsniqqipaaeynivlsswnghrvakklkekfgtpfitfpnvpigakqtseflrtvaeklkipsqkveevisheenwtyrymeypadaiilvrpnsyfavtadsntaigitkfltneigylpdivqitdnppeeyresiakeildnidtvvkpeivfesdtykirknledrpfqflfsssleaptamedfgalhiptafpvynksvlvhnyagydgglrlvedvvstfvgpl
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=750797..752329,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase
maykkinldipevesreqrlgtiiawdgkaselseqssyerrgcegrgkqcrlcemkgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgvgqvpynsiyrnglalrnlpveniriictnldesdmvfggikklkqsikdaferyspkaiflgtscatgiigedmesvaaeaedeigipviplacegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrkivrknpkkqedlinvinlwgsdvftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlatvddlaqlseaagtvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpeikapqpygfagtdawireiarvthreelaeefikkeherikpklkelreklkgvkgyvatgsayahgliivlrelgvevngslvfhhdpvydsgdpkqdslkflidnyddvpsfsvsnrqqyqfygllkktnpdfilirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehlaigydgmvnlgeavldvlahrkfhqdlkdhvklpytqwwldqedpyilakkpeilnekii
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=750797..752329,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=Nitrogenase
maykkinldipevesreqrlgtiiawdgkaselseqssyerrgcegrgkqcrlcemkgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgvgqvpynsiyrnglalrnlpveniriictnldesdmvfggikklkqsikdaferyspkaiflgtscatgiigedmesvaaeaedeigipviplacegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrkivrknpkkqedlinvinlwgsdvftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlatvddlaqlseaagtvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpeikapqpygfagtdawireiarvthreelaeefikkeherikpklkelreklkgvkgyvatgsayahgliivlrelgvevngslvfhhdpvydsgdpkqdslkflidnyddvpsfsvsnrqqyqfygllkktnpdfilirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehlaigydgmvnlgeavldvlahrkfhqdlkdhvklpytqwwldqedpyilakkpeilnekii
>Thiorhodococcus_drewsii_AZ1  coded_by=5880..7448,organism=Thiorhodococcus drewsii AZ1,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhefecstciperkkhavvkgpgetladalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhivfgaekllkqniieafkahpdikrmtiyqtcataligddidaiaqevmeelpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawiknkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdffkrmgiqilstftgngsyddlramhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvkygiprldidgfgfeplgnslrkvglffgiedraqkiideetarwkpeldwykarltgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihdemgldvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceqgalaiddpnelegleamnrlqpdiiftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpwkgwegwvrfardiyngiyspihelskldiskdeiptdkgfktarmisdadlpeavrndpnlrrytgkydmvaelrertypefarqgaqeaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_B1SMN1  coded_by=73551..75032,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri B1SMN1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndpaleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideietlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkkaaehettvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfettpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtisemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaeslraiaehfddsikakceqviakyqseweaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwqkaeesaekvaasa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=1433257..1434738,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=MoFe protein, alpha subunit
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndpaleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideietlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkkaaehettvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfettpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtisemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaeslraiaehfddsikakceqviakyqseweaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwqkaeesaekvaasa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_4166  coded_by=1439307..1440788,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 4166,definition=MoFe protein, alpha subunit
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndpaleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideietlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkkaaehettvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfettpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtisemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaeslraiaehfddsikakceqviakyqseweaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwqkaeesaekvaasa
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_P4-0081  coded_by=complement(6984623..6985987),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL P4-0081,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdpvrkdefdseacgsiapkakpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpslsqygfatdltdsdiifggekklkesidyiaerfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavcktaaerigipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepepltplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnsagiavtsritgdarykeitwahrakvnmvvcsrallglakemesrygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaflmndremerrvdrltereearlsqdlrpyrkllkgkravlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaaspapwdkedppydr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._132IP4SAPT  coded_by=<1..>801,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 132IP4SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
akrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfg
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnsgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnsgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnsgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae_SmR1  coded_by=complement(3241552..3242931),organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae SmR1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mtalklkiqevfeepaceknqaktekqrkagcskqlapgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgvqtyrtgfttdineldviyggekrlykavkeiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaltgddieavckaasakfgkpvipvnspgfagvknlgnklagealldyvigtvepefttpydiniigeynlsgelwqitplldamgvrvlscisgdgryreiasshrarasmmvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygigdvsdslrqiarllvqqgapaelmdrtealiaveearawsrlahykkrlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqevgieivgtsvkkstredkerikeimgdeahmiddmtpremyamlkearadimlsggrsqfialkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmitlvseidralynpvweqvrapapwe
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae  coded_by=complement(3242078..3243457),organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtalklkiqevfeepaceknqaktekqrkagcskqlapgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgvqtyrtgfttdineldviyggekrlykavkeiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaltgddieavckaasakfgkpvipvnspgfagvknlgnklagealldyvigtvepefttpydiniigeynlsgelwqitplldamgvrvlscisgdgryreiasshrarasmmvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygigdvsdslrqiarllvqqgapaelmdrtealiaveearawsrlahykkrlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqevgieivgtsvkkstredkerikeimgdeahmiddmtpremyamlkearadimlsggrsqfialkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmitlvseidralynpvweqvrapapwe
>Mesorhizobium_loti_R7A  coded_by=complement(56075..57565),organism=Mesorhizobium loti R7A,definition=PROBABLE NITROGENASE IRON-MOLYBDENUM COFACTOR BIOSYNTHESIS PROTEIN NIFE
mtslsakiqdvfdepacdnnrgkdakarkqgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfraireiketyappavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpinapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryidvasahrsqaamlvcssalinlarkmagrwdipffegsfygitdtsealrniaellvrkgadaeilertdtliaeqeaiawkkleayrqrlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstvedkerikrilkdenhmfeqmaaldlyamlskhkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihspiwdqvrepapwdrqpavednlasmkngtatvnafnefagatahrfgnr
>Fischerella_sp._PCC_7603  coded_by=1..1491,organism=Fischerella sp. PCC 7603,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenknlieehkelikevlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprfdkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdialnsptwglidapwnkkeakakva
>Scytonema_sp._PCC_7814  coded_by=1..1491,organism=Scytonema sp. PCC 7814,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenknlieehkelikevlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprfdkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdialnsptwglidapwnkkeakakva
>Fischerella_sp._UTEX_'LB_1931'  coded_by=1266..2756,organism=Fischerella sp. UTEX 'LB 1931',definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenknlieehkelikevlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprfdkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdialnsptwglidapwnkkeakakva
>Fischerella_muscicola_PCC_7414  coded_by=1..1491,organism=Fischerella muscicola PCC 7414,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenknlieehkelikevlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprfdkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdialnsptwglidapwnkkeakakva
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H33  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H33,definition=NifD
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H16  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H16,definition=NifD
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H15  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H15,definition=NifD
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Ilyobacter_polytropus_DSM_2926  coded_by=complement(1522924..1524531),organism=Ilyobacter polytropus DSM 2926,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
metkdkiqqmldaypaktmknrrkhifikdslqgeqhieadtrtvpgtmtnrgccyagckgvvlgplkdmvhvvhgpigcsyytwgtrrnkadadddgknfinyifstdmqesdivfggepklekacmeayeifkpnamtisstcpvgligddvhavarrvqektgmttfavscegykgvsqsaghhiannklmtevigkgekevegkfkvnilgeyniggdgweigrildkigytvisvmtgdgsyetlknanqadlnliqchrsinyiaemietkygapwmkvnfigvestvqslrdmakyfgdeelaekteevikeelkeikdviaeyreqckgktaflfvggsrahhyqnllaeigietvaagyefghrddyegrkviptiktnadnkniesitvekdeknykvylspekyeelkkeiplgeykgmisdmkdgsividdlnhyeteaivemlkpdlfcsgikdkyiahkmgifakqlhsydysgpyagfkgavifakdvsaglntptwgyitppwkispvlegelggegtc
>Sporomusa_ovata_DSM_2662  coded_by=complement(501642..502940),organism=Sporomusa ovata DSM 2662,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta subunit
mvlnkrymitmkrscscsmpgvwravahnegavviyhspkacghvtremdlgghyhalargtfvprqytaplvtsnlrdehsifggadqlrqcieyvverykplyimianscvagvigddtpaiareaetdfgipvmtvpcngfldgeyhagfyhtakvlaerfmqwqparadtvtllgdrggpngadakemtallssfglqvqgrfpgyatleemkrvpvsalciplgggpqsyawirklavdleerfgipfldhdlpvgwggtkawikqlgkmlgreqaalqveaaqeqrlkltavkcrsalqgarvvlgigrplshfqpgwvlellalagvtpakillfkgltgeqktalrqelakhtitpivdetedevllhtsdvvvttheleddalrqfylpvlpplgvggmielwnklgqlakrpggqggvqygw
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC420B00  coded_by=11658..13160,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC420B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnkgvtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdiefeaspydinvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygidwmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H16-CR  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H16-CR,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H15-CR  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H15-CR,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H14  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H14,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H13-CR  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H13-CR,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H12  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H12,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H10  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H10,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H9  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H9,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H8  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H8,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H7  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H7,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2825798..2827255),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mafnfkessvgtrenrlgsitgyhgdlrdlvhqsrcgtlrdkercfsqsstclsgcalaqlsgirdiaiinhapsgctataagvtvqnaqlaakrgvtnstvfigtdmneqdtvfgatgtlkeivletyrryhpkaifigtscvtgiigedvdnvveelkeeipvpiaavhcegfksriwasgfdisdhavltgivkppqqkrnvinfknfyesarleiidlfarfdveplflyqnstveelsrlseslatvcvcgtlgtylgnglqerygvpyvrtinpmgvtgfetwlrqigktiqkedkveaylaeqrelyipkieeakrelkglravigmgpgytfevsrvlqeldmevvwaaawhydkkydneaappsleylrenspdnfrisvadqqnyevlnilntyrpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgvpalyvadeymifgyqgtlnfaysvldtiknrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwykqdnqtflke
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=complement(816997..818580),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=Nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperkqhavmkapgedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdnenfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpeikrmtiyatcataligddidaiakevmaergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtiepeylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyfnrmgihvlstftgngtydglrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprldidgfgfqpladslrkvalffgiedraeaiiaeeyarwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvleeemgvkivsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgdgalaiddpnelesveaikmlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkqgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlalvdisqpdaaitsgfrtakmnadatlpeevkfdtrlqqytgkydsiaeirarnlayaaeqkalrdaeraaae
>Desulfovibrio_sp._TomC  coded_by=complement(131189..132811),organism=Desulfovibrio sp. TomC,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mstkptnveeikkeliakmptkvarkraksilpgtemgepipeiqsnvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgpsrdivnlthgpigcgfyswltrrnqteagpdgenfipysfstdmtehdivfggekklraaiqeaydtfhpkaisifstcpvgligddihavartmqeelgitifanscegykgvsqsaghhiannqimkhvigtddttpiegkfkvnmlgeyniggdafeierilekcgftlvatfsgnstvqdfrvahnadlntvmchrslnyvaemmetkfgipwikvnfigaeasakslrrmaayfedqelidrveaviaeelvavnkvvdeikprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmkilgagyefahrddyegrhvlpsikvdadsrnieeleilpdperfkprkteaqmaklneqgvdfkgyegmiegmgkeamviddinhyeteklleiykpdifcagikekyivqkmgiplkqlhnydmggpyagfngainwyrdidrmvntkvwnlikapwqstgpeleatyva
>Burkholderia_sp._CCGE1002  coded_by=126183..127676,organism=Burkholderia sp. CCGE1002,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mwfkartadifdepgcaknrakseterrqgcakqlppgataggcafdgarialqpvvdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrpaassgsmlyrtafttdlseidviyggerrlfrsireiiqkydppavfvyqtcvtaligdnieavckqaskkfgkpvipvnapgfagsknfgnklggeaildhvigsrepahttpfdiniigeynlsgelwqtkplfdalgirilacisgdarysdiasahrakvnmvvcsksminiatkmqrrydipyfegsfygigdvsdalrqvakllvqrgapddlikradrlieaeeerawariapyrarldgkrvllitggvkswslvaalqevgleivgtsvkkstekdkerikeimgddarivdnmtasemygtlrksqadimlsggrsqfvalkarvpwldvnqerhhpyagyegivelvyeidraisnpvwqqvripapwddkgeglcgermeftdrmteqsprasardgpkgfrpsvta
>Dehalogenimonas_sp._WBC-2  coded_by=complement(557967..559325),organism=Dehalogenimonas sp. WBC-2,definition=NifE
meilkdrrnqihrkgdepgsitcekasvagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhlvhgpigcatytwdirgalssgpelhrmsfstdlnemdvvygaeqklyhslielidaykpkaafvystcivgligddvvsickkvaaekdipvlpveapgfagtkkdgykiacdallslagtantdtisaksinilgdfniagetwvirdyyqrmgvnvvatvtgdgrvndiqkmhgatlnvvqcsgsmthlarslkekynipfirvsyfgiedtaaalydvarffgddsmlartkelvrqetqaimpeirryardlegkkaaiyvggafkafslvralrtlgmgtvlvgtqtgnpedyeqlreicdpgtiivddanplelcsflkeqrcdvfiggvkeralayklglgfcdhnherkealagfigmrnfareihatimspiwkfvprdncedsgnps
>Methanolobus_tindarius_DSM_2278  coded_by=354861..357080,organism=Methanolobus tindarius DSM 2278,definition=nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
miqiaiygkggigkstisanlsaalgnrgkrvlqvgcdpkhdstrllldgesiptvldyirdtypehrklddilfrgyadiacveaggpepgvgcagrgilstfeileklgieeipfdiklydvlgdvvcggfavpirkeyadaiyivssgeymalyaannilrgisnfddnsprvagiihnsrglehenekvrafadavglpvvtsiprdelfaeaekegctviqgypmsvpsflfkqladhvekvsnedislfkanplsneemekivlgrvhsfkqnknnlaasqkplhfeipekkqkslvnkknhfltknvknkkplqgcsfagavtvtsritdaltivhgpgscahiashflnnsllnassrygivpsesegknlvstemgeksfifggvdklamcieeacmkgwntifvvttcpsgligddveqaalrvkqkfpetdilpievdgnlagdfsqgiveaykiisnmidpvikenedkslvnivgektlsgnlnsnygiikellgsigvevncrfvstttvdeirkfkraslnilahnddsgtvlkrllesnagveffglpfpigfnetaewldlladrfdteirseeliachknlyfseieslrlilkgkrviissfslnldwiidtiidlgmelvkvgliassyddfrskyigilpleydyttekrqkdiealnpdlvlsnyppmmtkngvhhdaipispdvgfysglvmarrwgtlmrlpvlegwkldgvdvs
>Nostoc_piscinale_CENA21  coded_by=complement(2762623..2764053),organism=Nostoc piscinale CENA21,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mntqkkvnellnesgcehnqqkkgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpvlyktgfttdmsendvifggekklykaileihqrynptavfvyatcvtaligddinavckaaaekigtpvvpviapgfigsknlgnrfggealldyvvgtaepefttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlskitgdaryqeicyahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerygipyieesfygiddinrclrnvaaklgdrdlqertekliaeetaaldialapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikrllgtegmmlekgnaqellrlvkdtnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmlemarelyealyspiwdqirkpapwdeeagtlnnfmsademfseeigv
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlsyypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrygvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Clostridium_sp._CAG:75  coded_by=4792..6027,organism=Clostridium sp. CAG:75,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha and beta chain
msdlsfrtgllyadysxgccmqttaadqgqsghkssrfvssvslpstnmlekevvfggteklrttvqgaidiidadayfvltgctagiigddivsvteefqdkgysvypietpgfvgdsnlgyetvwttminqvieedvpkddklvnifgiipyhdpfwsgvleeidrilsalglkvntfftkhqgietirkcsgaalniiinpwlfkgpakkmeqkfgipsirvpglfvgatdttkfvrqvaeamhldqeivdkviaaeeeyvydylaqsvgvvswkrfavvadannavgitrylandfsftpvlvivseplfrqedkdrivaqiedleyakppkvifasdqyeinqalreeeeeitlligssnerevalekdiqfilaafpmnerlvfnrtyagyrgsltftedlydnl
>Clostridium_cylindrosporum_DSM_605  coded_by=complement(209489..210838),organism=Clostridium cylindrosporum DSM 605,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtyvesprngcffqgvietlstiegvipivhstkgcsiqsylsgrefqggdkihaleipssnitekhvvfggtsrlreqikntlqvvdgklyvvvtgctpelvgddvlymakesrdqgnnvihinapgfkgnsqsgyeiagiellnnfnntneiveknknlvnifgivpnsdlywrgslesikaileaiglkvntflglhggldewenaskaalnivlspwghsiakhleerynvpfidfgylpvgevdtkefilkvaselsldtqkvkeytdyeikrtsyytfsainiykkysdrkrfsvvgnfstvvgltkfltkevgiiperlivsdiidtslkerlleyladlsidireniyfsdnlgqiqdilggsnteiifgssleknvseelfsplvivstpsleeiflsksytgfnggislledlinkvyvtenkvrlkaeegirklvsqf
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=complement(635446..637008),organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain
mpyhefecstciperkkhavtkvegedltsclplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpigctydtwqtkryisdngnfqlkytfatdvrekhivfgaekllkqniieafkacpdikrmtiyqtcataligddinaiaeevmeelpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdffkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsaslrkvglffgiedraqaiieeetkkwkphldwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwanvieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcsegalaiddpneleglealeklkpdiiftgkrpgevakkvgvpylnahayhngpwkgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlskidiskdpiatdrgfltptlisdaslddavrgrtdlqpytgkydivpdlrarihpefprrqsaaq
>Clostridium_papyrosolvens_C7  coded_by=10250..11731,organism=Clostridium papyrosolvens C7,definition=nitrogenase
msninikspevqirevrlgsiigfegtagelvrcaragnlqdksrsfsqcmgcssrnafcqlsmikdavvinhapvgcsgdffgfnftyrvgqmernlppaigryfntnieekdtifgatqkleatirevysrlkpnavfittscassiigddvesvannltdelgipvvacfcegfrskiwttgfdsayhsivrkivkpprkksnkvniinfwgshifdellkplgyepnyivpfstiadleyiseaaatiqicptlgtyfgaaleeiygvpeikappaygisgtddwmrelgkvlgrqeevekiivkehirvipileeyrdkfngktayvtagashghaliallrelglsvqgaaifhhdpvydngepdsdtllhtintygdvhnynvcnkqafelvnilnrirpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyaeriletldnrefvsnlakhssmpytkwwldqspfsflggnvhvevy
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crp22  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crp22,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspegkpafeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crp14  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crp14,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspegkpafeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crp12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crp12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspegkpafeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfovibrio_africanus_PCS  coded_by=complement(14340..15746),organism=Desulfovibrio africanus PCS,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metifeerqdqiqvtnaetafeiacnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlrerdvifggekklhaslvelidrhqpkaafvystcivgligddlqavcrkvtaekgipvipvmsegfkgnkragylaacqamaklvgtgdttgispmsvnilgdfnlageiwlvreyfkkmgiqvvanitgdgrvddirrchgaalnivqcsgstmdlakimqdkygvpfmrvsyfgiedmaqalydiakvflphdpdilrrtqelvrnelsglmprlkalrkdlegkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrhlgmktvmvgsqtgteedykelaeitdegtiiiddanplelsrivkdkdvdilvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherklalegfegmynfalevhrtvtcpvwrftprrsgvpigkapasetfiatneea
>Phaeospirillum_fulvum_MGU-K5  coded_by=complement(71523..72935),organism=Phaeospirillum fulvum MGU-K5,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein subunit alpha
mvllecdkdipererhiylkvdgedtrdflpisnaptipgtlsergcsfcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpigcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnlkyvwstdmkeshivfggekrleksmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddiravakrvmadrpdvdiftcecpgfagvsqskghhvlnigwvnekvgtvepeitskytinfigdyniggdtqllqkywdklgiqviahftgnanyddlrgmhraqlnvvncarsagyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkvctffgieekgealiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgtkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgvqvvamsskfghqedfekviargqsgtyyiddgneleffeiiglvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegfvnlardmynavhnpllslaaidirggaaatsqeaae
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=4596953..4598359,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslnariaqvfdepgcdvnqtkgekarkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpiadvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgptiyrtgfttdidefdvvyggekrlfkaireiaetvrppaifvyqtcvpamigddieavckraserfglpvvpvdvpgfagpknlgnklgaealldhvigtvepevstpydinvigeynlsgelwqvkplldalgvrvlacitgdgryreiasahraranmmvcsksminvatrmqqrwgipyfegsfygiadmsrtlrdiarllvqtgapadivdraealiaaeeprayerlrayrerlagkrvllitggvkswsvvsalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkqriqeimgddahmiedlapremyrmlrearadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqerhhafagyegivtmvaeidkaifnpvwqqvrapapweapavalaa
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_HI350  coded_by=3682463..3683710,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae HI350,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mkdisivihspqgcsstvavaydtheidftkrkvactrlfetdivmgasdklkelirevdskfktraifvigtcaadiigedleglcrnlqpqinaklvplmaggfrgdsyagidlglnalfpfikkqkekipntvnlivpqtnlnptwwadlkwvrevldkvgikvqavlphetsleelenagmasanillshdagykfglkmqevhdiplilsdiplpvglkntaiwlravgkyfgveeqvetiirdgeymtidalrrrglmmiqryrncrvavsadatlgiglirmlfeelemipelllfrssmpdsqlllenelkdmgisprvvfsadgyqvkqslmdsnvdavfgssweyymaeelgikfafdvfnptnrvnylnkayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskqinweeyl
>Thermodesulfovibrio_yellowstonii_DSM_11347  coded_by=complement(1646784..1648223),organism=Thermodesulfovibrio yellowstonii DSM 11347,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mlrvieqdtekliekiienypektkkerkkhliyndpectssicqiksnvksrpgvmtsrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswwsrrnyytgktginafgamhitsdfqendivfggdkkleqlcreireifplakgisiqcecpvgligddiesvarkmtkelgipvipvrcegfrgisqslghhiandsirdwvlgkvkgileketpydvlilgdyniggeawssrkileemglrviaqipgdctlneltnmprpklilvhcyrstnyiaryleenfgipwmeynffgptkiyesmrkiakrfddkiveqtervierykplmdsvieqyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhivgayedlgmvvvatgyefahrddyertypelpknsliyddpphyelenfadalkpdlvgsgikekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfpvfardmdmavnnpswklirrkgr
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=1544..2914,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllecdkpiperekhtyikksgecivpmcnvqttpgdltergctyagcmgvvggpvkdvihlvhgpigcafytwgggrrqnlsdntefhrkycfstsmqeaniifggeqklhkaileayerfpdvngvfvyatcvigligddinnvckqaskeigvpvvpfscegfrgvsqslghhiandviferivgtkepdevtpydiniigdyniqgdlwiiaplfeaiglrilctftgnasiddlamahraklnvmhcqrstpyicqlmeekyelpympvslfgieqtskalrdvasffgledkaeeviesevakilpeieyykeqlrgkrvfiyqgaprawhwiklmeelgmevvgaattfghtddyekiierigdgalvidnpnsvelreiligykpdlfisglkekflayklgvpfvnghsyergpyavysgflkfakdihttinhpawkliegra
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lov2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lov2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgarrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpqgkprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Calothrix_sp._PCC_7507  coded_by=81672..83114,organism=Calothrix sp. PCC 7507,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtppenkniieerkelikevlgaypekaakkrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklvkliqeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarktskeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmvrdwvftrsdqakkdgtlkfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdekiqanaekviakyqptmdaivkkyrprlegktvaimvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefvkalkpdliasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysepsdrsstsynvrffrggrkkslfla
>Fischerella_sp._JSC-11  coded_by=complement(119592..121082),organism=Fischerella sp. JSC-11,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppenknlieenkqlikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprynkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprleghtvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdialnsptwglidapwnkkeakakva
>Trichodesmium_erythraeum_IMS101  coded_by=1301..2758,organism=Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101,definition=MoFe protein of nitrogenase alpha subunit
masekieqnkqliqevldaypakaakrrkkhlnvieekgadcgvksnvksvpgvmttrgcafagakgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswagrrnyyngvtgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakimneieelfplnagitiesecpvgligddieavakkaskelnkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvyepsakvtneeigfektpydvsliadyniggdgwssrllldeiglrvvsqatgdgtynevfmaprvnlnlihcyrsmnyicrymeeeygipwvefnffgpsqiakslrkiasffddkikentekviaryqeqadaviakyrprlegkkvmmmvgglrprhiipafddlgmevigtgyefghgddykrtadyaqegtliyddvsgyefeefakklkpdliasgikekyvfqkmgmpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwnlikapwkqak
>Trichodesmium_erythraeum_IMS101  coded_by=4755..6212,organism=Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101,definition=NifD
masekieqnkqliqevldaypakaakrrkkhlnvieekgadcgvksnvksvpgvmttrgcafagakgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswagrrnyyngvtgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakimneieelfplnagitiesecpvgligddieavakkaskelnkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvyepsakvtneeigfektpydvsliadyniggdgwssrllldeiglrvvsqatgdgtynevfmaprvnlnlihcyrsmnyicrymeeeygipwvefnffgpsqiakslrkiasffddkikentekviaryqeqadaviakyrprlegkkvmmmvgglrprhiipafddlgmevigtgyefghgddykrtadyaqegtliyddvsgyefeefakklkpdliasgikekyvfqkmgmpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwnlikapwkqak
>Trichodesmium_erythraeum_IMS101  coded_by=6381887..6383344,organism=Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
masekieqnkqliqevldaypakaakrrkkhlnvieekgadcgvksnvksvpgvmttrgcafagakgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswagrrnyyngvtgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakimneieelfplnagitiesecpvgligddieavakkaskelnkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvyepsakvtneeigfektpydvsliadyniggdgwssrllldeiglrvvsqatgdgtynevfmaprvnlnlihcyrsmnyicrymeeeygipwvefnffgpsqiakslrkiasffddkikentekviaryqeqadaviakyrprlegkkvmmmvgglrprhiipafddlgmevigtgyefghgddykrtadyaqegtliyddvsgyefeefakklkpdliasgikekyvfqkmgmpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwnlikapwkqak
>Thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum_M0795  coded_by=complement(1815952..1817310),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum M0795,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
melrldiperekfikmkgkhhkkeficntdsvagsvsqracvysgarvvlnpiedavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselfrnsfssdlkesdvifggeeklskcideiyekykpklifvystciagvigddikavckesskkyniyvvpvessgfignkaagykaacnslldlikefpvlkkeplsinymgdfnlageawiikgylnqmglkvntiftgdsnfeslkkatasslnivqcagsmtylakkfeetfdipymkvsflgiedtsnslrkiaaffndkdvmlkteklieektkmakpiiekykrylkgkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfrelgidvvvigtqngqkdeyekieeiadygtvilddanpselekfmvekgadilaggvkerflsykmgisfidhnhdrkhplsgyegainfaeevyttacspvwkyvkdgvnkyv
>Paenibacillus_peoriae  coded_by=1187352..1188713,organism=Paenibacillus peoriae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepavsngrlevscgnkipkstpcprpvpgeasggcsfdgaqitlipiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswesrgslssgpelsaygfttdlgeqdiifgseqklhesiryivsrfappavfvyttcvtaltgediegvckaesermgtpiipvnspgfvgsknlgtrlagdvlfqhiigstepeqttshdinligeyniagemwhierlmqqagmsilsritgdgrfrevgwahrakanmvvcsrallglavqmerkygipyfegsfygaketsyslrqmayltgdrdverrvdklaareemrlslelepyrkqlkgkravlytggvkswsvitalqelgikvvgvgtnkstaedvsriadrigddaeyipeggarqilktvrsrkadmviaggrnmymalkeqipfvdinqerhkayagydgllslakqlvhtlqhpvweltaklapweeetefad
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>812,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmelhlapy
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=complement(21052..22629),organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhlfkcseciperekhavikgpgetladalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkeshivfgaekilkkniieafkafpdinrmtiyqtcasaligddinaiaaevmeempgvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtfepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdffkrmgiqvlstftgngtydglrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsaslrkigmffgiqdraeaiiseeverwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwanciheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceegalaiddpnelegleameelqpdiiftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpwkgyegwvrfardvyngifspihelslldiskdeipddkgfmtqrllsdvnlsdevknstvlreytggydvlrqfkdkvypefpgkseadmqvsai
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=2325834..2327420,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgvmthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivllthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkaipqkgdgnfiqycfstnlgesdivfggekklkaaikeiveifnpkaificatcpvgligddlpavaneskelygidvisfpcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigtmdytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigyevisvmtgdasiddirkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpefterteaviaeeledikddmdyykskltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptiiedadlknievlevekiegkykpvktdeeleelkkeiinleyypgmmrdmkkgsivvddlnefeteefikklkldmffsgikdkyiiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgaanfgrdvtmslytpawkytvapwktesilegtfggev
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=2325839..2327425,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgvmthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivllthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkaipqkgdgnfiqycfstnlgesdivfggekklkaaikeiveifnpkaificatcpvgligddlpavaneskelygidvisfpcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigtmdytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigyevisvmtgdasiddirkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpefterteaviaeeledikddmdyykskltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptiiedadlknievlevekiegkykpvktdeeleelkkeiinleyypgmmrdmkkgsivvddlnefeteefikklkldmffsgikdkyiiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgaanfgrdvtmslytpawkytvapwktesilegtfggev
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(101808..103307),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mkielsttapareerlkagiayggtckelqnclskgclngsnrsfsqtygcqhglslgilntlrnavvvmhsplgcgasttgssgqgagfkrlrdpksegtiwlstnldesdvinggeeklretiiyadkefrpeiiiavsgcvpaligddidgilahlqtevaatlipvtcegfktkvmataydsayngimkkllkgvgrekrlveddfeeikrkyllskhvnilnvgsmsradelelerllnaiglnvtflpcysapkdfayslenslnvsicgthddyfikyleqefgipfiidtipigrkntarwvlniakhfnlekeatvflkkedelldkslepyrknlqgkkvylgggairivataevmqdlgleivglkghhidefieptfealkniedvvfsvatqqpfeqvnivnklkpdvivihaginnvtakqglpilplfgptniymgyagvfeiarrlnrkiknnqfnkniskykplpykkewyekdpftyiree
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A23  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A23,definition=NifD
pdktakrrakhlnvhesgkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=1..1452,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=K. pneumoniae nifD gene for nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpkmksvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpagcgqysraerrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkaamlaasgaae
>Clostridium_tyrobutyricum_DIVETGP  coded_by=41463..42791,organism=Clostridium tyrobutyricum DIVETGP,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mlkiieqprhyctlgaqqsviaikgampilhsgpgcgvklfrglstdsgyqgtgysgggvipctnstekevvfggskrlkevidgtlkvlkgdlfvvltgctsdivgddigqivgeykkngvpivfaetggfkgtnfkghelvlkaiidqfigdrkpkikknlvnvfasvpfqdsfwagnlsiikhllegiglevnilfgpesggveelqtipdaefnivaspwvgvetakllkqkygtpylhyavppigaketskflrsvkefadldndvvenyikkeedkfyyyleraadfflefrysipdrffnitdsfyalgisqfllnelgivpgeqyitddvpkkyqeyiiekfnslsdtrdfkvffevdsgkihqrlreydvgthiplilgsswdrdiadeinafkinisipimhrlvlnggylgynggmrliediygniletyk
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7423  coded_by=1..1494,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7423,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenkntveehkeliqevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieelevlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaskqigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpqfdkakkenkidfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavlekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwdligapwkkaatkakaaa
>Candidatus_Methanoperedens_nitroreducens  coded_by=complement(706378..707778),organism=Candidatus Methanoperedens nitroreducens,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain/nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mstilpvcdipipqrephivchdpgspilpmcniqtvpgdmtergctfagcrgvvggpvkdviqlvhgpigcayytwgtrrnlsdtklhrkycfstdlteedviyggakkllksiiesyerfpeakavfvystcvvgligddtegicrqaqgkigipvvpfhcegfrgvsqslghhianrtlfekvvgteepdattpydmciigefnidgdawiirplfermgvrvlsvftgnasyadlppmhraklnivqcqrsstyiakmiqdkysipyinvslfgmaqtaealrdvgrffhlednaekviteelakyqpridyyrkrlegkkcfiyqgaprawhwiepmrelgietiltattfghkddyekimsrvnpghicidnpnaleieeylvklrpdffiaglkekyltyklgipfinghsyeegpyagfegfvnfardidiavnspvwrfvngwmpagvdvnaknsdn
>Clostridium_bornimense  coded_by=complement(447272..448858),organism=Clostridium bornimense,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkghmleleeetqeiaansrtmpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkakaedggqnyvpycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavnifhpktificatcpvgligddlpavakrnsekygidvisfpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykptkhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyeviatftgdgsvdnyrkahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffddpvliqqtekviadelanisddmslyrtklrgktaalfvggsrshhyqlllkdfgvktllagyefahrddyegrevipnivedadlknievlnvekiedkykvykteeeleelkkeiseledykgmerdmdkgsivvddlnhyeteefikklkpdmffsgikdkfviqkggilsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgavnfgrdvtmgmytpvwnytvapwkkesvlegklgged
>Leptothrix_cholodnii_SP-6  coded_by=1510701..1512158,organism=Leptothrix cholodnii SP-6,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msitveerkatnkalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgqfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqvlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkakehdghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkvdpnkrpdfvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgptmiekslreiaahfddtikakaeeviakyrplvdaviakykprlldktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyikdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspvwalakapwks
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpg38  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpg38,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvg10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvg10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhodomicrobium_udaipurense_JA643  coded_by=495..2024,organism=Rhodomicrobium udaipurense JA643,definition=nitrogenase
mtinlktatvetreqrlgtiigwdgkasaladesayargecggcgtsgrggakarrvceltgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnirdavliqhspigcgagqviynsiyrnglamrghpvqnirfistnlrerdmvyggaekldaairaaferhapkaifiatscasgiigddvesvakhaeadlgvpviplhcegfaskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrenptrkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpmlkelglrvnyvvdmatveelaqmseaattvtfcytlgtylaqgleqehgvpqirapqpygfagtdawirevarvtgredkveafiereharvrpkveelkkklaglkgyvatgsayshsligvlrelgvgvdgslvfhhdpvydsedpkqdtlthlienygdvenftvgnrqqyqfynllqrvtpdfiiirhnglaplaarlgipaiplgdelhafgyqgminlgeailavlqhrkfhqdiagrvklpykkawlaekdpfalaraqae
>Lyngbya_aestuarii_BL_J  coded_by=complement(70193..71635),organism=Lyngbya aestuarii BL J,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstvdenkqliqdvleaypekakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiieeieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvareatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsdfestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaaqfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtaeyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dps3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dps3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgnskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfosporosinus_meridiei_DSM_13257  coded_by=891955..893340,organism=Desulfosporosinus meridiei DSM 13257,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnltkldlkdkqcmsdagspklcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlfrrglttdimekdviyggenklresilevaakhhpkaifvyatcvssligddvdkvcrdveaeltipvisvncpgflgdknignriagevlfervigtaerseekiplsinligeyniagdlwgvlpdlknlgiklqtaitgdakfddirsahraslnvlicsksltnlvrkmeirygipfiegsfygihdtsqtliniakalndrdllertlvyvqkkeeetrgviagykkllenkrailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpedfqrmkelmdptaqiiedtssagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyqgmitfaealtrtvlspvwghlkgdfppregelqddkaqtl
>Desulfosporosinus_meridiei_DSM_13257  coded_by=complement(4173868..4175253),organism=Desulfosporosinus meridiei DSM 13257,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnltkldlkdkqcmsdagspklcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlfrrglttdimekdviyggenklresilevaakhhpkaifvyatcvssligddvdkvcrdveaeltipvisvncpgflgdknignriagevlfervigtaerseekiplsinligeyniagdlwgvlpdlknlgiklqtaitgdakfddirsahraslnvlicsksltnlvrkmeirygipfiegsfygihdtsqtliniakalndrdllertlvyvqkkeeetrgviagykkllenkrailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpedfqrmkelmdptaqiiedtssagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyqgmitfaealtrtvlspvwghlkgdfppregelqddkaqtl
>Methanosarcina_sp._WH1  coded_by=complement(884593..886179),organism=Methanosarcina sp. WH1,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeieekqlivdnilkalpekaarnrrkhlvvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcayytwgtrrnlaraeegednfmnysvctdmketdivfggekklkkaideivkifnpgaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaeeehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehligtedikdptpfdinvfgeyniggdlwevkpifekigyriissltgdgsfhkisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffdnpeltrkteetiaeekakyadeieryrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikekalgsiledvhyereenfkpsisteriaelkekiglmeyeglfpemkdgtivvddlnhheteflvktlkpdvfcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmaihsptwrfinppwkgeeae
>Methanosarcina_sp._WWM596  coded_by=complement(960615..962201),organism=Methanosarcina sp. WWM596,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeieekqlivdnilkalpekaarnrrkhlvvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcayytwgtrrnlaraeegednfmnysvctdmketdivfggekklkkaideivkifnpgaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaeeehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehligtedikdptpfdinvfgeyniggdlwevkpifekigyriissltgdgsfhkisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffdnpeltrkteetiaeekakyadeieryrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikekalgsiledvhyereenfkpsisteriaelkekiglmeyeglfpemkdgtivvddlnhheteflvktlkpdvfcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmaihsptwrfinppwkgeeae
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_TA1  coded_by=complement(849..>1904),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii TA1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein NifE
kllkaigeikegyapaaifvygtcvteligddiaavcrhaaqkfaipvvpvkspgfggsknlgtrlageallehvigtveaddpgpcdinilgefnlsgefwfvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryaqvasahrsraammvcstalinlarkmeerwnipffegsfygisstseslrriaqllvkkgagsallhhveallaeeeergawkkleayrrrlegkrvhlntggvkswsivhalieigmeivgtsirksttrdkerikqmlkdenhlhqsmaaselyamlrrdqadimlsggrtqfvaleakipwldvnqerqhayagyegmvelarqidlaihnpvwaqvrkpap
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aiy1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aiy1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskqyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitteterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC268A00  coded_by=103167..104672,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC268A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metdamsllrakiqdvfnepgceqnrgkdakarkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdaahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdltevdvvmgrgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnrlageallehvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkalldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwgqvrepapwdcqravreerpstksetgtlhavqefagttaddfgec
>Clostridium_sp._CAG:75  coded_by=3248..4693,organism=Clostridium sp. CAG:75,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha and beta chain
makkqysgvreskpgrindlgtmgkeveeqfrkgclkkadrtfaqglqcqqinsmaalmsledsvfishspqgcvgcsimavdmfrvgqahrgiknirnpriivsnvdqksvvfggeqklreavkkaveryhpklafiyascasgiigddidaiaydlqeeypdtvlvpihcegfkskicasgfdaaflainkyilkkesvpkekglvnlfapttvsyadqkemermlhnigvevnyipfysslekikripaaeastsickvfadefmktlwedyeipyshtvmpigirntekwyrgiakvlgkeeeveeiiakererimplvqklrdrlqgkrvficggtgrsfaaaaliddfgmelvgletptydedaqtdieylngihkdfvvdianmqpfeqvnlvnklkpdafigvpdwaaklgiptthvldgkrptmgydgliylgnkiadqlqnpgfnvklaqhsklpykdswyeqdafkyikk
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=complement(4666494..4667855),organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepirkeeiddqacgslapkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpvacagnswesrgslssgpslsqygfatdlsnndiifggekklkdsidyiagrfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavckeasdrlgipvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepeleasmgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnqagitllsritgdarykeitwahrakanmvvcsrallglakqmeskygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmayllndremerrvdrltereenrlshdlrpyrkilkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgiqvvgvgtnkssdedvqriadrvsddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfvdinqerhkayagyegllrlakelvdsianpiwklasspapwdkegsydr
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=967..2466,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=Rhodobacter capsulatus nifH gene encoding dinitrogenase reductase and nifD gene encoding the alpha subunit of dinitrogenase
makdhaggpedlerlvrdliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadasrhrvemrhvksniksvpgvltirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgtyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinelfplskgitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpeseatkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawaspilleeiglnviwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslrigkfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvrprsaprrhayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtiyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvasgikeekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgywaspilldapwdkphrasswkitpaapwkaasea
>Thermacetogenium_phaeum_DSM_12270  coded_by=900084..901532,organism=Thermacetogenium phaeum DSM 12270,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit
mplvnmkcnekipergkhiyihdpenpvipacnirtipgdmtergcafagargviggpiadiiamvhapvgcawftwgtrrhlsdlyawavpgrltnvafnrrycvvtdmqekdvvfggvkklkascleafrlfpeargmiifttcttgligddvqgvarqvekevgkpvftsespgcsgvsqskghhdfniqfyrqinalrerrpelkmreeektpydicligdynmdwdlqvirplfekigvrvaavfsgnerienlikmldvklnvvhcqrsaeyiaqmikdgyntpfirvslfgieqtsqalrevaaffglekkaeqviaeekarvekalafyraklagkriavyvggprvwhwiklleelgmevvsgactfaheddyekinarakggilvidapnefeieemlvtlkpdlfltglkekylarklgvptvnshsyekgpyagfagmvnfardiyqgiyapvwrfqgglpeaekeveae
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=complement(49355..50836),organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msnmtleetkaliqevleaypdkarkdrakhlaandqsveqskkciisnrksqpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgaysragrrnyytghtgvntfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideieqlfplvkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkktkehgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdhvlgnrddeafastpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlpemeltpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrymeekysipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffdetiqanaekviekyqaeyeaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikevdnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtvnnpcwssmqapwlkpaaaeteataasa
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=671378..672859,organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msnmtleetkaliqevleaypdkarkdrakhlaandqsveqskkciisnrksqpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgaysragrrnyytghtgvntfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideieqlfplvkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkktkehgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdhvlgnrddeafastpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlpemeltpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrymeekysipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffdetiqanaekviekyqaeyeaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikevdnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtvnnpcwssmqapwlkpaaaeteataasa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR874  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR874,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgnprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrh
>Butyrivibrio_fibrisolvens_16/4  coded_by=1082947..1084341,organism=Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens 16/4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msflderkaltrekrlsslshfhgtleglidetsgaeikqrirtfsqvhvdetiyafdvlskiedaaiivngsigcsalgigqdqekdfswfstnlverdtilggddklreailraneekhpkaifiigtpvvainnddinsvileledeigipiisiytdgfksktpvtgfdivthsllkylvdknvdlkedfinvisfseniedvasiasilhelnikfqvlprfsnvdeirkaskaratvvlnpdegdylarelqevygvpyieseapigfrgtknflqrlgsflnieeqvvkyideaeakiseqfvsniledkrvfvdaslskvygygrlltnlggqvvgfsspfvdlenrkqlkrfdflnknaiaiigngqqfekanelekngidiyfsenvgnsfvtdegavvvstrnrvtygfegvdviiasirralrlqgkstsgssykdsfkrrsgnwyvkqevs
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=1144697..1146130,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msisemvqarkelvnqvlevypekakknrrqhlsvkesdcsscavksngktvpgimtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdivhishgpvgcgfyswanrrnlaegevgidnfvpfqftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiieevvelfpnakgvsvlsecpvgligddiesvarrmtektqrpvvpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhiigkgpereigpydigiigdyniggdawaskkileeiglnvvniwtgdstlemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnymanymeetygtpwlefnffgptkikesllniaahfddsirentqrviakyeaqmqkvidiyrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmeiigtgyefahkedyertypqlkegtliyddvsaleleefvkdlkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfpifardmdmavnsptwksikapwmk
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense  coded_by=complement(4862639..4864072),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msisemvqarkelvnqvlevypekakknrrqhlsvkesdcsscavksngktvpgimtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdivhishgpvgcgfyswanrrnlaegevgidnfvpfqftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiieevvelfpnakgvsvlsecpvgligddiesvarrmtektqrpvvpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhiigkgpereigpydigiigdyniggdawaskkileeiglnvvniwtgdstlemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnymanymeetygtpwlefnffgptkikesllniaahfddsirentqrviakyeaqmqkvidiyrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmeiigtgyefahkedyertypqlkegtliyddvsaleleefvkdlkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfpifardmdmavnsptwksikapwmk
>Paenibacillus_polymyxa_CR1  coded_by=1088575..1090023,organism=Paenibacillus polymyxa CR1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mssivdkgkqiveeilevypkkakkdrtkhfeiadeelvncgtcsiksnmksrpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangvlgidnftamqitsnfqekdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddigavakkmteelgipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgrrelkecgpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelgiahksklnlihchrsmnymcttmeqeygipwmeynffgptktmeslraiaarfdekiqekceqviaqympqmeavirkyrprlegkkvmlligglrarhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyektfpdvkegtilyddpaayeleelaqrlnidlmgagvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfeifardmdmtinspvwsllpsrqtaevpv
>Clostridium_sp._MSTE9  coded_by=5347..6822,organism=Clostridium sp. MSTE9,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mskinlqipevsireirlgsitgfqggaeelvncsrcglkdksrsfsqclgcstsqaacmvilvqdaavishgpvgcsscfhefaftyrvnsplrgvehptqrkifstnlqetdtvyggaqkltkgihevyerthpnavfvlttcaagiigddvesvcgeaeeelgvpviaifcegfrskvwttgfdasyhaiarkliqparerrsdminvinfwgsdvfgdwfeafgakpnyitpystienlrrsseaaasvqicptlgsylgaaleqefgvpeinaappygiaqtdrwfralgkllhkedeaerliaakraeylpkiealreklrgktayvtagaahghallnllgelgmkakgaaifhhdpiydneneesdllvnrvkeygdvpnfnicnkqefelvnmlnrlqpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehfsmgyegivrygeriletiendefvknlkqhainpytkwwldqepytflkggaak
>Methylocystis_sp._H9a  coded_by=<1..>1091,organism=Methylocystis sp. H9a,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
gpdkdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideievlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskaktkeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdktegkparfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwceynffgpskieeslrkiashfddkikegaerviakyrplmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqk
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapetspkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._MCLA07  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. MCLA07,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapetspkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB18  coded_by=complement(5241486..5243060),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB18,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperkqhavvkgpgedltsclpkgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnndyqlkytfasdvkekhivfgaekllkqnileafkafptmkrmtiyqtcataligddvnaiaaevmeelpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepkitgdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidffkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhgahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrmrygiprldidgfghkalgdslrkvglffgiedraeaiiaeetakwgpelawykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiqeemgvqvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelenqealktlkpdviftgkrpgevakkmrvpylnahayhngpykgwegwvrfardiynaiyspmhqlsaidiskddyatdkgfttrrmlsdanlsdeskaspmtgysgkfdpiaairaktaadypvfprrsvteaae
>Bradyrhizobium_retamae  coded_by=complement(16892..18556),organism=Bradyrhizobium retamae,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msslsatiqemfnepgcaknanksdaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgasiwrtgfttdmnetdivfggekrlykaikeiinkyspsaifvyqtcvpamigddinavckaasqklgkpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageallehvigtqepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirilscisgdgkyrevasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslrqiarllvergapselierteaviareearawaaierykprfagkrallitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsikkstkqdkerikelmgqdahmiedmtpreiykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqerchaymgyvgmvklveeidkalfnpmweqlrrpvpweevaknrqtkgmaqmdtqaaevaadpettrrakkvcfckevdlgtiedairshgltsveavrqhtnafggcckrriedilatmpvssppamlqaae
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._AAP120  coded_by=46872..48377,organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. AAP120,definition=nitrogenase
malnlknpqvetrdqrlgtitqwdgragqlvkdsaftygcakgcdnggrrlceqstpfaqasmcaehiavtnatiiqdsvvvqhspigcaasqsftaryyrdlaarrgwkledpksictnlgeqdmvfggvtrledtirdayerhkprvifvatscatgiigddvdgaakrvedeigipvvtlhcegfkskhwssgwdviehgilrrlvpqspnkqpdlinvihlggpdvfspllsplglrvnlvmggntlerlaqmseaaatvtmcfvlsylatgleqefgvpevraplpygldatdnwlrdiarltgtsgkvdavieserariapelarlrraltgkrgfvaagaafahglitdlrelgvtvddafsfhhdpatdsgdpqqdslghlvetwgdipnytvspdqhfqahaallrarpdfvicrhtgtlavlagrmgipvlpifysndglgyeglltigrailrvlprkrfyadiaahssfpyqpwwlaetdpyapigepa
>Methanothermobacter_marburgensis_str._Marburg  coded_by=60146..61330,organism=Methanothermobacter marburgensis str. Marburg,definition=NifE-related protein
mepvstcklfgavravsgicnavplihgprgcayhigylltarggkrirvlsteltesdvvfgaadklkkaiidadrtlkpeliavmsscatsiigedigraaeevkgeidskiitisaggfesnqgegylevmmtliesiaadakpsdepsiniigefrggpdlnhivdtlgrmgvsvncvltsgstvgdiegiasahlnysfcdvsgigpcrfleeefgipfihhpiplgfsntlrfyevilehlsidytlqdevseyaeerdrlrselegvrvgivsgptravalagfvtelgmkpavvamdmigeytlenlsgtglrsevlvgadlseledalirnepevilggvaetrfseslgaplidvmhgyaltagfrgacvtggrvleavrsrsy
>Clostridium_sp._BNL1100  coded_by=complement(2292725..2294248),organism=Clostridium sp. BNL1100,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mgkinlaattvvsreqrlgtiigwdgeasklveesgysilgcsgkkgngcklcemkgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrgavliqhspigcavsqtiynsiyrnglamrglpvenlkivstnliegdmvfggigkleqttrdvwerykpnaifigtacatgiigddvdsvaseysekfgipiiplhcegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrdivrknpkkqedlvnvinlwgsdvfkpmlkelnlrvnyvvdlatvedlaqmseaaitvgfcntlssylaqgleqnfgvpelkapqpygfagtdawlrgiakithreelceayikkerervtpkieelkkklkgvkgyvatgsayshglisvlrelgvevngslvfhhdpiydsedpiqdslaflvnnygnvenfsvsnrqqhqlyallikaqpdfllirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehiavgyegivnlgeailailkrkkfhedlaqhiklpytkwwlsqddpyilaknpdiiyqd
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_OS7  coded_by=898229..899662,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis OS7,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpfclldvdkdipereqhiyikdskepkghckqrcntntipgsmtergcafagvkgvitgaikdvlhvvhspvgctaygngttkryptrpempdgsvfpvenfnlkhivgtdltesdvvfggmnklkkvireaskefpfvnaiyvyatcttgligddldavckemqaelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnytifeklvgtkeppkttdydinligeynidgdywvlekyfedmginvlskftgdathgelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpylkvdffgpeycaenlravgkyfgkeieaeavikkemekiqpeldfyksklqgkkiwisaggpkswhlskpieqylgmdvvalsglfehedgyekmqerakdgtiiiddpntlemeevvekyqpeivlggikekyffhklgvpsvmihsyengpyigfegfvnmardiyttiynpawklmefeeeepgdsne
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_X1  coded_by=918106..919539,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis X1,definition=nitrogenase subunit alpha
mpfclldvdkdipereqhiyikdskepkghckqrcntntipgsmtergcafagvkgvitgaikdvlhvvhspvgctaygngttkryptrpempdgsvfpvenfnlkhivgtdltesdvvfggmnklkkvireaskefpfvnaiyvyatcttgligddldavckemqaelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnytifeklvgtkeppkttdydinligeynidgdywvlekyfedmginvlskftgdathgelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpylkvdffgpeycaenlravgkyfgkeieaeavikkemekiqpeldfyksklqgkkiwisaggpkswhlskpieqylgmdvvalsglfehedgyekmqerakdgtiiiddpntlemeevvekyqpeivlggikekyffhklgvpsvmihsyengpyigfegfvnmardiyttiynpawklmefeeeepgdsne
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_CM1  coded_by=complement(1339787..1341316),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri CM1,definition=V-nitrogenase associated protein E VnfE
mvgianesvvffghlselyqlakegkietklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgikntvviahgpsgcafgvkqaykltncrnsgspyesiittnidekaivyggekelkgailevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnkikpkinaeimaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesrsklansvnivggkmgperteietdvkelrrliesmganvnaviagncsleeikqapsvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfdtplnstilpygisaterwlreaakhlhmeneaeklikreyeairiefeeakkylagkmaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdfgmraviynfhpwstqaretsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamvqtenelmeylgdlnpettvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvtkkmvfpedsglcsaqsltpklaqdlpdctvyagrergkcmms
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_227  coded_by=complement(1344835..1346364),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 227,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
mvgianesvvffghlselyqlakegkietklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgikntvviahgpsgcafgvkqaykltncrnsgspyesiittnidekaivyggekelkgailevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnkikpkinaeimaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesrsklansvnivggkmgperteietdvkelrrliesmganvnaviagncsleeikqapsvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfdtplnstilpygisaterwlreaakhlhmeneaeklikreyeairiefeeakkylagkmaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdfgmraviynfhpwstqaretsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamvqtenelmeylgdlnpettvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvtkkmvfpedsglcsaqsltpklaqdlpdctvyagrergkcmms
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_MS  coded_by=1788978..1790507,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri MS,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
mvgianesvvffghlselyqlakegkietklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgikntvviahgpsgcafgvkqaykltncrnsgspyesiittnidekaivyggekelkgailevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnkikpkinaeimaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesrsklansvnivggkmgperteietdvkelrrliesmganvnaviagncsleeikqapsvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfdtplnstilpygisaterwlreaakhlhmeneaeklikreyeairiefeeakkylagkmaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdfgmraviynfhpwstqaretsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamvqtenelmeylgdlnpettvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvtkkmvfpedsglcsaqsltpklaqdlpdctvyagrergkcmms
>Methylocystis_sp._SC2  coded_by=2717096..2718766,organism=Methylocystis sp. SC2,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslsatiqdvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgakssgsnlwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlfksireiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamigddidavckaarekfnkpvipinspgfvgpknlgnklageallqhvigteepeyttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirimacisgdgkykevasshrakaammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiedssdslreiarmliergapaelmertealiareeakawaaiakykprfqgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiedmtpremykmlkdaradimlsggrsqfialkasmpwldinqerhhaymgyvgmvklveeidkalynpvwaqvrkpapweksgdnwqsramaqaeaeaaalaadpvkaeevrrakkicncksvelgviedaiiasnlstvegvrdatnasggcgacavrieeilermvsashaiaae
>Caldicellulosiruptor_kristjanssonii_I77R1B  coded_by=complement(1847522..1848916),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor kristjanssonii I77R1B,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvtldcdrcieergkhtyitdrnnpvvpvcnvrtipgdmtergcafagargvvggpvkdviqivhgpigcayytwssrrhlsdsefhrkycfstdmqekdivfggekklynaiieanqqfpeakavfiyatcptaligddleavakkaskaigkpviafnspgfcgvsqskghhianhtifekivgtkeledptpydvniigeynidgdywvleklftkiglriitaftgnasydnlckmhyaklnivhcqrsatyiarlmkekygtpfirvtlfgitetinslreigkffgiekkveevieeelesimprleffreklrgkramiyvgaprvwhwiplmrdlgievvacattfgheddyekinaraddgvlvidnpneleleeviekykpdifltglkekylahkigvpslnshsyengpyvafeglvnfardlykslyapvwkfvdrrwasqwqqnlivr
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvspvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Magnetospirillum_magneticum_AMB-1  coded_by=complement(1697214..1698596),organism=Magnetospirillum magneticum AMB-1,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha and beta chains
mlkakiaelmhepgcatnqaksegerkkgcgksltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdgrnswssgsdlyrkgfttdltnldiiaggekklykaikqaiarhnppavfvyqtcvgsligddvdavcraatqrlgtpvipinspgfvgsknlgnrlggealfehvigtvepddagpcdinilgeynvageldqfrpllarlgirlrasitgdaryrevaachtaranmvlcsqalvtlarkmkekwgipyfegsfygisdtsdalrniarmlvergadptltdrtealiaeeeakawarlepykarlagrkvllytggvkswsviqalqevgmevvgssvrkateadkskalerlggdedkladaitprdmyamfkdgkadmmlsggrsqfvalkartpwidinqerhhgyaaydgmvalvreidlsinspiwaqvrapapwens
>Herbinix_hemicellulosilytica  coded_by=223833..225362,organism=Herbinix hemicellulosilytica,definition=hypothetical protein
manlltgdlkydylsvdeppvrderiggctayfgccsglkedfrkgcaqalnrkfsqsggcqlmlamgiintisnivtiihsplgccsnlagmagvrnisrasrglktenqtfihtnldeldvvnggieklrrailyadkeyqpeviaimngcvpgvigddvdglvrelqpkvsarlvpvhcegfksrfvssgydaanhgilkylirepkdtdesgteteyeskerisktvnifnvgsnshkdelelsrlikklgliprivplhasvydldrlgeaalnvsicathddymlghlkerygteyvldvlpiginctnrwlrkiaghfhlekeveelieeetrelikaiepfvkvlkgkrafvgggetrilttadfyrsigmeivgikshnldrfvqylldeidnphlpvevaagqpaeelnllkrlkpdiyighigangwvtklgipniplfgttinymgysgayelarraaralkntifsknisqntelplsdewmqtypkknivrgalf
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=4115636..4116958,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mseliqeprhfcalgaqqtvisieraipilhagpgcsaklsaamstcggyqgtryaggdaipcsnmlekdvvfgaenklkkliestlkimdgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgdvvrgfqkegvpivyaetagfkgdaykghelvlesiinqylkeekekvkglvnvfasvpihdpfwegdlneikrllesiglkpnilfgydsggieaiddipkaefnivispwigvkiakllekkfkipylhypvlpigavetskflnkvadyadinkeivnkviekkeneyyhyltrladflvefrfdlpkrfftindsayslamtrflvndlgllpehqfitedvpevfknkireyfkdiapdifseitfsqdggiinsqlkkfhvnksplilgsswdvdiaseigatnisvglpvvdrtilqrnyvgytgglnliediynkilskhn
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=313121..314443,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mseliqeprhfcalgaqqtvisieraipilhagpgcsaklsaamstcggyqgtryaggdaipcsnmlekdvvfgaenklkkliestlkimdgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgdvvrgfqkegvpivyaetagfkgdaykghelvlesiinqylkeekekvkglvnvfasvpihdpfwegdlneikrllesiglkpnilfgydsggieaiddipkaefnivispwigvkiakllekkfkipylhypvlpigavetskflnkvadyadinkeivnkviekkeneyyhyltrladflvefrfdlpkrfftindsayslamtrflvndlgllpehqfitedvpevfknkireyfkdiapdifseitfsqdggiinsqlkkfhvnksplilgsswdvdiaseigatnisvglpvvdrtilqrnyvgytgglnliediynkilskhn
>Mesorhizobium_loti_R7A  coded_by=complement(59295..60800),organism=Mesorhizobium loti R7A,definition=PROBABLE NITROGENASE MOLYBDENUM-IRON PROTEIN ALPHA CHAIN NIFD
mgldyendgalhakliedvlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatskdeaggedkglsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideiedlfplsggisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkddvafesgpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqieaslrniakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyqprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlamvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyrapwkkmkdaplravaae
>Methanosarcina_barkeri  coded_by=75..1673,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgaeidsriedeqklvddmlkvlpekaarnrrkhivvrncsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcafytwgtrrnfakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifhpeaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehligteeiksptpfdinvfgeyniggdlwevkpifekigyrivssltgdgsfhrisqahqaklsilvchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekllrkmaeffddpeltrkteeviaeekakyaediekyrkklkgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkviaagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikekalgsiledvhyerdenvkptvsperieelktkiglmdykglfpdaedgtividdlnhhetevlvktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkpwspsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmalhsptwkfirppwkaenve
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=14..1465,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase alpha-subunit
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Cloning_vector_SBa_000534  coded_by=1018..2469,organism=Cloning vector SBa_000534,definition=NifD
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Methanobacterium_formicicum_DSM_3637  coded_by=complement(516185..517687),organism=Methanobacterium formicicum DSM 3637,definition=nitrogenase subunit alpha
mpyelfevdkeiperknhtyvkdladptgeipkcntktvpgcmtergcafagvkgvitgavkdvvhvvhspvgcttygcgskryptspdlpngdkipvdqfnlkyimgtdlkesdvvfggmkklrqsileaakefpfvtaiytyatcttgligddmdavakelseeigkdviafnapgfsgptqskghhvgnftlfnklvgtkeppettpydinligeynidgdlwvlqkyfeeiginilstftgdcshdeicwmhraklslvrcqrsatyiadlieekynipyikvdffgpkycaenlmavakhfgleenaqklidremakiqpkldfyreklegktlwvfsggpknwhlpeplkehlgmetvavstmfehedgyekikervgegtvivddpnsleleeiidvykpdiilsgikekyiahklgvpcvlihsyengpymgfegflnlaqdiyasiynpvwnmlefeetiedeeetskeevkgkisetgtnvpkakeeevl
>Bacteroides_graminisolvens_DSM_19988_=_JCM_15093  coded_by=complement(35168..36796),organism=Bacteroides graminisolvens DSM 19988 = JCM 15093,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
meknilnidlssakeelieiypkkvakkrskaivvadpdnipeiqanvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgptrdiinithgpigcgyyswltrrnqtrpsenepnfmtycfstdmqdsnivfggeqklkdaireayelfhpkaiavfstcpvgligddvhrvarqmkeeignginifgfscegyrgvsqsaghhiannqlfrnlignddtvnathkyrinvlgeyniggdafvidelfnkcgiqvvatmsgnstveqfetahtadlnlvmchrsinyvaemletsfgipwmksnfigadacakslrkvgkyfgdpeliarieeviaeemipviearekaklktngktamlfvggsrahhyqelfdelgittlcagyefghrddyegrrvipsiqidadsrnieqitvtkdetrykprkteeelkaleaeglefngydgmmaemkkgslviddlshyemekliekyhpdvfcagikekycvqkmgiplkqlhnydsggpyagfagavnfykdieqiaccsiwkemkapweseeyveavyaav
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum_SCRI1043  coded_by=complement(3300248..3301696),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum SCRI1043,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
manatsernqaiiqevlevfpdktrkerkkhmmvadptqegvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyngvsgvdsfgtlnfssdfqekdivfggdkkltklieelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanvsreaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestaydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpyvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkialqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswqaltapwlksa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum_ICMP_1526  coded_by=403101..404549,organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum ICMP 1526,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
manatsernqaiiqevlevfpdktrkerkkhmmvadptqegvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyngvsgvdsfgtlnfssdfqekdivfggdkkltklieelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanvsreaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestaydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpyvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkialqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswqaltapwlksa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(1311402..1312850),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
manatsernqaiiqevlevfpdktrkerkkhmmvadptqegvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyngvsgvdsfgtlnfssdfqekdivfggdkkltklieelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanvsreaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestaydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpyvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkialqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswqaltapwlksa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=174587..176035,organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
manatsernqaiiqevlevfpdktrkerkkhmmvadptqegvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyngvsgvdsfgtlnfssdfqekdivfggdkkltklieelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanvsreaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestaydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpyvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkialqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswqaltapwlksa
>delta_proteobacterium_MLMS-1  coded_by=complement(34482..36119),organism=delta proteobacterium MLMS-1,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain:Nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
matatrkkmvawepedvkaellkqypakvarkrakqiminealenetpeitanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtdagpdgenymtycfstdmqeqdiifggekklaaaiqeaydlfhprsiaifatcpvgligddihtvaakmkeklgdcnvyafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfrhivgendevkpgkfkinllgeyniggdgfeidrifdkcgitcistfsgnstydqfasahtadlnavmchrsinyvadmletkfgipwikvnfigagatakslrkiaeyfgdkeliarveeviaeempeveeaaaevrprtegktammfvggsrahhykelfdemgmktisagyefghrddyegrqviphlkvdadsrnieeievepdparfrprksdqeiqaleksgyqfkhyeglapdmdkgtliiddlnqyeaeklvelmkpdifcagikekfsiqklgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfyheidrlvgskvwsymkppwqdnpqlsasyny
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=2247..3686,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=FeMo dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mslsenttvdvkalvndvleaypektrkrrakhinvleaeakdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigdtgidswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeindlfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavarvksaeigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfekttpkadfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvisqwsgdgtlaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekynipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddsikekaeaviaryqpmvdaviakyrtrlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtqhyvkegtliyddvtafelekfvealrpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgvmkapf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._13.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 13.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsstfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_RCH1  coded_by=complement(6515..8401),organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris RCH1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnghcgvmptpegstdrtdgtlhpvaapaagttagmaagaaagvtrgkvsaeaaaapapamapatppatppatppapasdglleerrgqvhragqgpidlacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpvgcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlgerdiifggepkleaaldelitrhapkaafvyatcivgligddigavckrvaarhgipvlpvqsegfkgnkregyeaacaamftltgtgatdgigpasvnilgdfnlagelwiirgylermgvqvvanitgdgrvddlrrchgaalnlvqcsgatmplarmmreaygtptlrvsylgiedmadslynvaehfrevcpgivertrdlvreeiatlmprlrqlrrdlegkraaiyvggafkafslikafrhlgmqvalvgsqtgtdedyreleaicdpgtiivddanalelahfvrtldvdifvggvkerpiahklgigfcdhnherkialagfegmynfarevhasvtspvwrftprsrfpaaarpegdghancpagdedadcperdghancpegdgqadnpadradrhlgadapaherdghpanpagdgdadcpanpaghaphdlftegnateggahhgrp
>Klebsiella_sp._AS10  coded_by=61487..62860,organism=Klebsiella sp. AS10,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavclaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11206  coded_by=924..2417,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11206,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklveevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdkagevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieelfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnktkehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvkfeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgteieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkesprrgramaae
>Methanococcus_aeolicus_Nankai-3  coded_by=complement(1485611..1487038),organism=Methanococcus aeolicus Nankai-3,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpyvlldcdnpipermkhtyvfdpeekiipasnintvpgdmtergcafagargvvggpvkdiihmvhgpvgcafytwgsrralsdnelhrrycwttdlqesdivyggektlekacmeaidefpeangmmiytncptaligdnidavgnkveeymkkpvfpvncpgfagvsqskghhvfntmfyrwlkkkkeqypekclkeenktpydialigdynmdwdvavindlfekigvrnvvtftgnaamddlfkltdvklnvvhcqrsaeyiahmvqdgfnvpftrvsffgitktsealydvaerlnipketvdeviekelkpineelefyksklngkkcmvyvggprtwhwimamkelgidyvvacctfsheddyekmninlekagltnvlvmdspnepeleeaaeiykpdfmlvglkerylfrkfgiptvnshsyeegpyagyrgfvnfardiykavchpiwntihekedkfeeykvk
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=705707..707188,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mgtinlkessvtiretrlgsitgfngsakelvtcahagklkdssrkfsqcmgcnaghafcqlsmirdavvvnhapigcagdffgfnftyrveqmkrelpatigryfstcieekdtvfgaakkledtvreaykrtkpnaifvttscasgiigedvdaitenlskelgipviscscegfrskiwttgfdaayhsilrklvkpprkktnkinvanfwgshifdeflnrlgyeaqyivpfstvaeleyiseaaatihicpslstylgaaleqeygvkeiksppaygiegtdiwmreigrvlgkeeeieeiikeehervlpkleeyreklkgkiayvtagaahghaiiamlrelglivqgaaifhhdplydnkdktsdalaqtvniygdikhynvcnkqayelvnilnrvkpdlmiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyasrivetldnrefvsnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflggnssveny
>Azospirillum_thiophilum  coded_by=119698..121119,organism=Azospirillum thiophilum,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
mlqdkiqdvfnepgcatnqtksakekkkgctkslkpgaaaggcaydgamivlqpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnawdnrgtrssgsqlyrtgfttdlseldvigggekklyraikeivqqydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddiaavckfaaqklgrpvipvdapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepdhttptdvciigeynlagelwlvkplldeigirllscisgdgrykevaqahrarvtmmvcsqalvnvgrkmeerygipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrtmtrmlvergadkslidraegviareesrvwrrlepykprfegkrvllftggvkswsmvsalegagltilgtstkkstkedkerikkmkgdefhqwddlkpreiykmlaedkadimmsggrsqfislkakvpwldinqerhhayagydgivnlceeidktlsnpiwrqvrqpapwesgpsstrtapaiiaae
>Azospirillum_thiophilum  coded_by=complement(2629427..2630848),organism=Azospirillum thiophilum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlqdkiqdvfnepgcatnqtksakekkkgctkslkpgaaaggcaydgamivlqpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnawdnrgtrssgsqlyrtgfttdlseldvigggekklyraikeivqqydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddiaavckfaaqklgrpvipvdapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepdhttptdvciigeynlagelwlvkplldeigirllscisgdgrykevaqahrarvtmmvcsqalvnvgrkmeerygipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrtmtrmlvergadkslidraegviareesrvwrrlepykprfegkrvllftggvkswsmvsalegagltilgtstkkstkedkerikkmkgdefhqwddlkpreiykmlaedkadimmsggrsqfislkakvpwldinqerhhayagydgivnlceeidktlsnpiwrqvrqpapwesgpsstrtapaiiaae
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=696815..698374,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase
mkkinlsiaevekretrlgtiiawdgnaaelvdqsdyngrgcgsknggcrlceiegpfaqgsgcseemvecqagqvrdavliqhspigcgagqvgnnrlfrfglatrnlpienvkimstnllegdmvfgatkklkqtvedaykrykpktifivsscatgiigediesvsseyekklkipivplicegfkskhwttgfdatqhgilrqivnkhpkkqedliniitlwgsdvytpmfrelglrvnfvidlasvedlerlseaagtvsfcytlssylsagleqyfgvpeikapqpygfkgtdawlreigrvthreelvekyiekehkrvepiikelrkklkgvkgftstgsgyshglitvlrelgisvdgslvfhhdpvydsgnveadslkhlvdnygdvknfsvsnrqqyqfysllkrvnpdfilikhgglsplasklgisaaplsdesltigyqgmiylgnkildilakkkfhnilkehtemqytdwwleqsdpyvlaknpnlldqkfnellesrrvaai
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC264A00  coded_by=10345..11835,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC264A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkegcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkgireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddidavckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkarikqilkddnhifeqmaprelyamlserkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqlrepapwdcqptvreerprtrsetatlhvvqefagttandfgec
>Caldicellulosiruptor_lactoaceticus_6A  coded_by=complement(1249672..1251066),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor lactoaceticus 6A,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvtldcdrcieergkhtyitdrnnpvvpvcnvrtipgdmtergcafagargvvggpvkdviqivhgpigcayytwssrrhlsdsefhrkycfstdmqekdivfggekklynaiieanqqfpeakavfiyatcptaligddleavakkaskaigkpvipfnspgfcgvsqskghhianhtifekivgtkeledptpydiniigeynidgdywvleklftkiglriitaftgnasydnlckmhyaklnivhcqrsatyiarlmkekygtpfirvtlfgitetinslreigkffgiekkveevieeelesimprleffreklrgkramiyvgaprvwhwiplmrdlgievvacattfgheddyekinaraddgvlvidnpneleleeviekykpdifltglkekylahkigvpslnshsyengpyvafeglvnfardlykslyapvwkfvdrrwasqwqqnlivr
>Thiorhodospira_sibirica_ATCC_700588  coded_by=30414..31787,organism=Thiorhodospira sibirica ATCC 700588,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
miaakqisallqepacehneksksgcarpkpgasaggcafdgaqiallpivdvahivhgpiacagnswdnrgtrssgptlyrlgmttdlseqdvimgrsekrlfyaikqaieeqapaavfvyntcvpaligddlealcksaeqhfgvpvvpvdaagfygsknlgnriageamvkyvigtrepdpipehaqrpgivvhdlgligeyniagefwqvlplfdelglrvlgslssdarfrevqtmhrsalnmvvcskaminvarklqsrygtpwfegsfygvadtsqalrdiaqrlddadlvartealiareeaqihaalapwrerlqgkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmdvvatgtrksteedkarirelmgentkmiedgnpkallgiveeyradiliaggrnmytalkarvpfldfnqerefgyagyagmltlarqlaltlespiwpqlrakapw
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=75102..76568,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=hypothetical protein
mainlelpevairenrlgsitgyqgsirdlgsraagcslqnkgrcfsqasacssgcaqnylsgivdaavvnhapvgcvgdsaganeqdkwgrkvrglpyrninilntnmveedtvfgavaklkgavreayrrfspkavfvttscvsgiigedivsaldelreeipvplvpvfcegfksqiwasgfdaafhalltgivnppekktnkvnlinfrgsarnqitamlarfglepvfmvpyssidelaraseaaatisicgtlggyfgnaleqrygvpyvkalqphgvsgtdnwlrglgaavgkeaeveayiqeekariasdlselkgklagtkavvgmgpsfahdyirtlqelgveiiwgaswhydpqydsghapetvshlleagkdipfsvadqqvfemmnllnklkpdlyigrhpgmtvwaiklgipsimigdeytaygyqglvdfgfrvldaltnrnfvkklsarvklpytdwwleqdsftflqdevv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C16-2660  coded_by=<1..>811,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C16-2660,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C13-2660  coded_by=<1..>811,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C13-2660,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>811,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>811,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>811,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>811,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=1055280..1056860,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifD2
mskktinlnltevenretrlgtitawdgsatelwresnyelrsqrkhdgcgkqkacrlcelnsplnqqtmcanaivecqignitdcvliqhapigcsadnpwfnlafnmglgrrnkppqnlqiystnllendmvfgasdklkqtirdakerfnpkaifismacataiigediesvaeemekeigvtviplhcegfrskhwstgfdvsqhgvlrqivkrkpekqkdlinivalwgtdyftemlkplglrvnymidmasydelaqaseavatatfchtlgsymataleehfdvpqidapqpygiagtdswfraigkivgkeketeeyikkehekvlpkieelrkkfkgikgfvmtgssyahslisvlrelgisvdgsvvfhhdpvydgghenqdtlnelistygdipnftvsktqafqlnalfkrvktdfviirhqglapeaaklgipslamgdehfpvgydgiirtgevlldilarkkfnevlsrhvkspynewwlsqddpfllarhpevldervklevideiveiv
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=1055154..1056734,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mskktinlnltevenretrlgtitawdgsatelwresnyelrsqrkhdgcgkqkacrlcelnsplnqqtmcanaivecqignitdcvliqhapigcsadnpwfnlafnmglgrrnkppqnlqiystnllendmvfgasdklkqtirdakerfnpkaifismacataiigediesvaeemekeigvtviplhcegfrskhwstgfdvsqhgvlrqivkrkpekqkdlinivalwgtdyftemlkplglrvnymidmasydelaqaseavatatfchtlgsymataleehfdvpqidapqpygiagtdswfraigkivgkeketeeyikkehekvlpkieelrkkfkgikgfvmtgssyahslisvlrelgisvdgsvvfhhdpvydgghenqdtlnelistygdipnftvsktqafqlnalfkrvktdfviirhqglapeaaklgipslamgdehfpvgydgiirtgevlldilarkkfnevlsrhvkspynewwlsqddpfllarhpevldervklevideiveiv
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=complement(42955..44475),organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mkrinlaatavesreqrlgtiigwdgnadslaeesgyarkctgrkgkacelcevrgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcavsqtiynsiyrnglamrnlpvenlkivstnlleqdmvfggieklkqtlddvierynpkaifigtscstgiigddidsvaaeyteqhrlpvvplhcegfrskhwstgfdstqhgilrdivrknpkkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpmlkelnlrvnyvidmatvedlaqmseaaatvgfcntlssylaqgleqnfgvpelkapqpygiagtdawlrglaklthreepaeryikkeharikpliaalklklkgkkgyvatgsayshgliavmrelgievngslvfhhdpiydsedpaqdslaflvdnygdvenfsvsnrqqhqfyallkrvnpdfilirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehiavgydgivnlgnaileilqrrkfhedlskhvklpytkwwleqtdpyivarnpqliyqd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=1079..2659,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=alternative nitrogenase
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmeergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepdylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffgiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtakmnadltvsdevkfsevlheytgkydsiaeirarnqpmppsrklrdavqpaae
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C5  coded_by=637359..638795,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C5,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
malnldtenrkmkngcddfdlevkipnsvfeklksiealkaresqmcisgegdsiptcdqnstpgmitqrscvyggarvvlmpitnavhlvhgpigcaactwdirgskstadklykngfstdlqesdvvfggekklyesilevnklynpgaifvystcvvgligddikavckqaeeatgcrvipvqsegfksfnksaghklacdamldyligteepeeehpyginiigefnvagdlwgiiplyekmgvkvhtaitgdstvskvasahksklnivqcqkssnylaaqmekkygipsikvnffgidettkslravaeffgdeemikrteeliksevknlrdeiseykkdlagstvaiysgahkswalvsafgeldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqkirehvcegtlivddassmelvqllkeykpdilisgakekylslksgvphcdfnhdritafsgfqgfinfarvvhtavmtpvwklsrk
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>794,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR569  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR569,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Calothrix_sp._336/3  coded_by=complement(5984784..5986247),organism=Calothrix sp. 336/3,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
miftqskinellsepgcehnhqkngekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgsfssgpqlykmgfttdlsendvifggekklykaimdihnryepkaifvyatcvtaligedidavckaaakkiatpvipvhsagfvgsknlgnrisgealldhvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwnvlpllkklgirvlakitgdaryeevchahraklnvmicskalinmarkmeerygipyieesfygvedmnrclrniaaklgdpdlqartekliaeetaaldvklapfrdrlrgkkvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmdvvatstkksteedkakikkllgkdgitlekgnpqeilrviretnaemliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhayagysgmvemareldeavhspvweqvrkpapwedpasyahidadnhdnlspfarlslsltmeddd
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=complement(8080..9864),organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein, alpha chain
mplkllkcdetiperekhvyikekgedttqflplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpigcaydtwhtkrypsdnghfqlkyvwssdmkeshivfggekqlkksileafaefpdikrmivyttcataligddiravvksaqqelgdvdifcvecpgfagvsqskghhvlniawinekvgtfepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvlerymekmgvqiiahftgngtydalrgmhraqlnvtncarsagyianelkkrygiprmdvdtwgfdycqealrkigaffgiedraeaviaeevakyqdrmnwykerlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmqvvsmsskfghqedfekviargqegtiyiddgneleffevlemirpdvvltgprvgalvkklhlpyinghgyhngpymgfegavnmardlynaiysplmnlagidirddeakkdnsealkqqseevtayiqqrteeittfiqerclwqfhsrswdrkeningvinkaiaiasgeklvnetlpeklhyadakilvldlkkkfswfensdkahikavlelvkqkligivitgsrngelhhsly
>Selenomonas_ruminantium_subsp._lactilytica_TAM6421  coded_by=complement(2944097..2945464),organism=Selenomonas ruminantium subsp. lactilytica TAM6421,definition=putative nitrogenase alpha chain
mpkikrdnngqtnsinqvrygcalgalhsvtaipgampithcgpgcvdkqymslafyngyqgggyaggavtpssnlqekdvvfggakhldqliaaslkimeadlfvvlngcipeivgddigavvaryqkkgvpivsaetggfkgnnftgheivteaiieqyvdkfapdkttkkkglinvwselpfqntfwrgdlaelkrilegagwevnilfgygsggvkewltipnaefnlvigpwlglktakllekkynqpylhlpvlpigakqvaeflraivdfaqenevqtekfikaeekeyyyymeyftdfyaeywwglpasyavvsdaaynlalnkflvnqlglipakqiitdqtpekyrqgiqeyyqhladdvaaevefvedgyvvnkllkeqdyghkppiilgttwerdvvkelnghivevsypvsydvvlnktyigyrgaltllekifttaisksa
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=complement(60235..61566),organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mktsqeeindqpykseaeqnnqscsqlsqlgdncdcafdgamitlvpitdaahlvhgpngcignywggrdnlssgslmykncftsdmdesdiifggakklyrailelqrrykpaaifvystcvsaligddingacreaaeitgtpvipidapgfvghrnqgirlasealleyvigtaepdkttlydinligeyniggdiwnilpmleelgirvlskitgdaryqeicyahraklnvvnssakamlkmakqmeerfhipyitesfygidnlnrclrniaaklgdtelqvrtenlinsettalnnqldfylpslqgkriliditnlnnwaiisaiqylgmevllsstnkitqdnqrkiqglfgentkilgieisqlitefkpdlliasnhyqatamktkipfldinqerknaytgyagiisvaqelyttlyspvweqvrrpapwe
>Candidatus_Methanomassiliicoccus_intestinalis_Issoire-Mx1  coded_by=711125..713278,organism=Candidatus Methanomassiliicoccus intestinalis Issoire-Mx1,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH / Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkriavygkggigkstissnltaalsdmgtkvlqigcdpkhdstrllysgfnditvleylrdtypderslgdivhtgykgclcveaggpepgigcagrgiisafellrdlninsipiditiydvlgdvvcggfavplrdgyadtvyivtsgefmsiyaannilkgtanynpdriggiifnsrgddeeyervkrfseavsipivasfkrsrefldaeklgktvveaypdsplvksfrdlakmvldgkkytakyldeaelektvlgaatskntmrhssplreadmisepryytsrnvqknevlhgcafagaasitmsmtslttlmhsprncaqfayqlasnavkrsyicegtaihgfshpnvactgmtestmifggndelrsslksvldsgrkniavitscpsgiigddveniisdlssqypdativpliedgnvngdftqgvidasialtkafvnasscktdsvnligvktistnciknsdfiesilsklgikinckylgnddienlknlteakfnlllnpdrfammlkqflednygmsfssyiarpglratvewirevgkyfskeetaehiiqdicseynahleflknhlqgrtvyiasmnkdidwilemlegtgmkiiravvidrpdytmdydikanypfvdiiekfeindlisdinlkkpdllisaypmdvnseimqmyiplvpdigpfgaleladswvsfmkapaeegwrndgn
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L103C119B0  coded_by=complement(15487..16977),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L103C119B0,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgtassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtafigddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtaepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracvpgdaryldiasahraraamvvcstalinlarkmeqrwgipffegsfygiadtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkarikqilkddnhifeqmaprelyamlserkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqvrepapwdcqptvreerprtrsdtvtlhavqefsgttagdfgec
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2717310..2718683,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein VnfN-related oxidoreductase subunit
mtatnvlkftdederiaaldpkdrplqetprhtcalggafvaatavsgvmpilhsgggcgwsnffgfigasgggqigdggalttpcstllekhvvfggeerlrdqiastmelmngdlfvtvsgcipaligddvegvvsefrkpeyppiinvkssgfngtsydgydlfldavidqyleerpvrkglvnilgiqpcqhifwkgdldlfktnldaigletnqifggrygveglknipaaqlnivlspwqglkaaeklkekygtpyivypglpmgpkemtrflrtvaehldveqerldkwirkqteiayddfnliatalytgfcnvhfavvaesnmaiglvryltnecgllpsvvvvtdnppaevrdlitdrltnglegiivpdvyfendtylihkrltkytfmllfassmekyaaskymaghhtisfpafdrvilkrtyagfgggnilledlfskfarpf
>Selenomonas_infelix_ATCC_43532  coded_by=132718..134022,organism=Selenomonas infelix ATCC 43532,definition=hypothetical protein
mgievkrvgvrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvifhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhkltavdasvrlspvplltsglgeseavfggeerlrecvrfaaekyhpqavfianscvsgvigddtkavaaemeeelglpvmavsahgfldgeyyagyldaaralvdrfmqpaarkegtvvllgdcggmhgeyakelrrllslldlrvtgqfpsylaldelqavpeaeliillgrwmndekqaqlaelaacieerfgtpyladiypvgaeetthwmrrvgqlcrreeaaeraiaaeeenfaaavekarsdlatrrcalaigrdlawfrpeivlrllekvgitlsgvvlldcfmperrdvmeeelrrrtdvpihyeggaaaeellhsvdfvltthelvdtklrqlflallpsvgwsmecrllgdmrrilhrhesrggliyg
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(19232..20755),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11296..12819,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(38882..40405),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=7098..8621,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=18301..19824,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20943..22466,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(40767..42290),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20936..22459,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(48684..50207),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20882..22405,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(41492..43015),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20944..22467,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=18301..19824,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11327..12850,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(40892..42415),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20905..22428,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11327..12850,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=32659..34182,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=6345..7868,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11327..12850,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=39532..41055,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(48677..50200),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11327..12850,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(41225..42748),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(41229..42752),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=18299..19822,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20907..22430,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(42165..43688),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11327..12850,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=18301..19824,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11327..12850,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20907..22430,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=6348..7871,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=43363..44886,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20945..22468,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(48670..50193),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11401..12924,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11327..12850,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(48748..50271),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20890..22413,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(48692..50215),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11303..12826,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=44480..46003,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=22302..23825,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(19231..20754),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=21097..22620,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(40718..42241),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(61068..62591),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20945..22468,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=20855..22378,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(41239..42762),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(19200..20723),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=11327..12850,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=21127..22650,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Denitrovibrio_acetiphilus_DSM_12809  coded_by=1095819..1097261,organism=Denitrovibrio acetiphilus DSM 12809,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskknvhehgvevmeeildgyndktkkdrkkkldvvkaddvkcginanrkirpgvmsmrgcayagakgvvfgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnfangipgidnyvtmqitsdfqekdivfggdkkltnmieeannlfplnkgvsilsecpigligddieavarqtaktiekpvipcrcegfrgvsqslghhiandslrdwvyekdlqgaafeaspydvaligdyniggdawssrmiledmglnivaqstgdasvseiantskakvilihcyrsmnyisryleekhgipwlefnffgptqvfksmrkiaemfddkikeqtekiikekyepefakivekfkprlegkncmlfvgglrprhtipafrdlgvevgitgyefahnddyartleyidkttfivddmneyemekllenfkpdlvgsgikekystqkagipfrqmhswdysgpyhgldgfavfardmdmavngpvwkkvtppwk
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=19276..20640,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekklsnslleeredfvcfkegknkksmkcdgdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgenlyrnsfstdlseqdvifggekkltaaiegimekhnpklifvyatcivgvigddvkavckmaeqkynvpvipvmspgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfsrnilpktnginmlgdfnlagelwivkdylkkiginvissitgdasydnlikassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemdipfvkisfvgledtknsllriaslfndeqilakakalvkeeeekilpilnsykenlkgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtvmvgtqtgkkddyevigslvndgtvilddanpaelekfmleqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfigavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvreseeneds
>Methylosinus_trichosporium_OB3b  coded_by=<1..>1114,organism=Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
pikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrxyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskaktkeynghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdkmegkpalfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskieeslrkiashfddkikegaerviakyrplmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Methanococcus_vannielii_SB  coded_by=complement(61371..62798),organism=Methanococcus vannielii SB,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mphclldvdkdiperekhvyiknsneprhcqphcnkstipgsmtergcafagvkgvitgalkdvahvvhspvgctaygngttkryptnplmpdgtvfpienfnlkhiigtdlnesdvvfggmnklkkvireaakeypeanaiytyatcttgligddldavckemseelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnytifsklvgtkeppkttdydinligeynidgdywvlekyfkemginvlskftgdachdelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpyikvdffgprycaenliavgkyfgkeeeanavikdrmdkiqpeldfyksklqgkkiwisaggpkswhfaepineflgmeivalsglfehedgyekmkdrakdgtiiiddpntlemeeivekykpeivlggikekylfhklgvpsvmihsyengpyigfegfvnmakdiysaiynpawklmefqeeepgdak
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=<1..>1038,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgihnftamhitsdfhetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelgmpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslrkiaalfdetiqencekmiakykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmleegaivmddptayeleelremnidlvgsgceg
>Methanocella_arvoryzae_MRE50  coded_by=complement(1386857..1388242),organism=Methanocella arvoryzae MRE50,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein
mnmdctvspapealieerqgsiqtkgkskghisctsdslagavsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcatytwdirgslssgpemyrnsfstdmkerdiifggeqklaacideivakhnppavfvystcvvgvigddlisvckeatlrhgidvipvessgfksgnkvvgyraaaealmklikpaeghvieptkklnflgeynlggemwvvkkylremgielnvaftgdstvaalkqapgaclnlvqctgsmhyvasqmekvygipymdvnffgaentadslrkiaafygdeeimrrtealverelsrirpdieryrkklagkraaiyvggaykaaalirqlkelgveivvtgtqtgkkeeyenlssllsngailvddanpaeiekflremkvdvmaggvkervlayklgvgfidhnhdrkeclagfegavnfarevyttacspvwkhlktprevsl
>Rhizobium_sp._LPU83  coded_by=complement(17147..18649),organism=Rhizobium sp. LPU83,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyennsdfhakliedvlsqypdkaakrrskhlgvatggegsseganavsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgltgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngvtlqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehkktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkkvefesgpfdvnvigdyniggdawasrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrsiakhfgpeiedrtekviakyqpfvqavtekyqprldgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglydapwkkkaasatavaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A29  coded_by=<1..>793,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A29,definition=NifD
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisr
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=complement(191343..192944),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mmgaeidsrieeeqklvddmlkvlpekasrnrrkhivvrncsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcafytwgtrrnfakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklktaidevvkifhpgaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaemehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehligteeiksptpfdinvfgeyniggdlwevkpifekigyrivssltgdgsfhrisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeitrkteeviaeekakyaddiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkviaagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmkekalgsiledvhyerdenvksavsperieelktkiglmdykglfpdaedgtividdlnhhetevlvktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmalhsptwkfirppwkaedve
>Frankia_sp._ACN1ag  coded_by=complement(110953..112323),organism=Frankia sp. ACN1ag,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
maateraalftetacdhnnaksakarkagcpkpkpggtsggctfdgamitlvpitdsahlvhgpiscagnswdgrgslssgptlfrhgfttdmsendvvlggeqrlfdsicevveryappavfvystcvtamigddlgavcaaaaeqtgvpvipveapgfvgnknlgnkiagqtlldhvigtvepgdvtdldvnligeyniagelwdvvplltrlgirvrscisgdaryrdiaaahrakatmvvcsrallglargleerygipwfegsfygvsamgdtlrgfarlldddelsrrteeliaveeaaveaaiapyrarltgrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmisegsprellrvaeetgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvefarrldmaiaspvweqvrrpapwdlvgah
>Frankia_sp._CpI1-S  coded_by=complement(11888..13258),organism=Frankia sp. CpI1-S,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maateraalftetacdhnnaksakarkagcpkpkpggtsggctfdgamitlvpitdsahlvhgpiscagnswdgrgslssgptlfrhgfttdmsendvvlggeqrlfdsicevveryappavfvystcvtamigddlgavcaaaaeqtgvpvipveapgfvgnknlgnkiagqtlldhvigtvepgdvtdldvnligeyniagelwdvvplltrlgirvrscisgdaryrdiaaahrakatmvvcsrallglargleerygipwfegsfygvsamgdtlrgfarlldddelsrrteeliaveeaaveaaiapyrarltgrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmisegsprellrvaeetgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvefarrldmaiaspvweqvrrpapwdlvgah
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC277A00  coded_by=complement(26317..27822),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC277A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metdamsllrakiqdvfnepgceqnrgkdakarkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdaahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnrlageallehvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkalldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidivihnpiwgqvrepapwdcqpavreerpstksetgtlhavqefagttaddfgec
>Desulfobulbus_propionicus_DSM_2032  coded_by=3520533..3522170,organism=Desulfobulbus propionicus DSM 2032,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matakkklvqweptdikkellkkypakvarkrakqilinealenttpeitanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtdagvdgenympycfstdmqdsdiifggekklaaaiqevydlfhpkaitifatcpvgligddihtvartmkeklgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfthmvgennepkegeykinllgeyniggdgfeidrilrkcgittistfsgnstydqfasahmadlscvmchrsinyvadmmeikfgipwikvnfigakstakslrkiaeyfgeqklidrveaviaeempqveavrqdvlprttgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfsemgmktlsagyefahrddyegrhviphlkvdadsrnieeieveadpkryrprkteaelqalaaqgftfkeydgilpdmeagtlviddlnqyeaeklvelmqpdifcagikekfsiqklgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfyreidrlvnskvwgymkapwqenpelsatyvwe
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS39_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS39_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS35_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS35_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS35_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS35_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS35_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS35_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS35_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS35_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Leptospirillum_sp._Group_IV_'UBA_BS'  coded_by=<1..1358,organism=Leptospirillum sp. Group IV 'UBA BS',definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
krekhvkvfeegkpdcgvksniktvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiqvlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkktgkeiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsieelvntpkvklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiaeslrkiaaffddtikenaerviakyealtkatiekfrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtiiyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwqmakapf
>Paenibacillus_fujiensis  coded_by=3418..4896,organism=Paenibacillus fujiensis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mkkeaqrmgldieankklvedileaypdkakkdrkkhfqinteetkescscslksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyrrgtrcnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkkleiicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmakelempvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgkadlaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkakmnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaakfdatiqencekviakykpqmdaiigkyrprlegkkvmlligglrsrhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyertfpdmkvgsiimddptayeleelaqklnidlmgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnnpiwnlfdkkekvqpegasv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pter35  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pter35,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanothermobacter_marburgensis_str._Marburg  coded_by=156260..157702,organism=Methanothermobacter marburgensis str. Marburg,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnhstgncsskenfsadttadlkveevpeavintlsprrehftrscsgggprcnreslpgmvtqrscvyggarvvlmpitdaahlvhgpvgcaactwdirgsrsskselyrmgfstgleekdvvfggedkllecileineihspsaifvystcvsgvigddiaavcrtaenktgkwviqvqsegfrsfnkslghqlacdvilrhiigrgdaevrensvnlvgefnvagdlweikgllekmgihvvssitgdstvaeiseahtaqlnivqcskssgyiaeemkrkygipyinvnffgiketmdsllsisdffdlnaeerissmaekthemirgyrralegkkvaiyvggnkawslirafrdlgmevimsgtqnglpedylkimeksgrelilfddanpvelsellrkyrpdlvvsgakekylsyklgipfcefnhdrikpfsgfggflnfaeevkrtlespiwtlaskkrlsgpggmsgea
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlsyysdkaakrrkkhlsvsknkreiaeegqvvsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkagehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktevkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavidkywqrlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwkklttpaaagaaq
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC412B00  coded_by=99133..100623,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC412B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepacennrgkdakarkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgslacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfgfpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealhehvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiagahraraammvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaeqlvkqgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsikkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrqpapwdcqpavrqelprtksetatlhvvqefagttagdfgec
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2797545..2799038),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mglidqkvvpkredrlnasnayggkisdlikesgsgclinknrsfcqtfncqlglalsmvttipdavlimhgpigcgnqqndnhfrigqiargikpkpllwvstnldendiinggekkleeailevdsfyrpaaiivlttcapgiigddvdelvarvqknvaarvmlthcegfktkisatgydavyhgiarsfdledeeetnvvadeldllreqyeksrtvniyntfsigrtdelelqrllnsldlrvnfypnfvhpeafkelakaalnvslcpthddyflkhlqerfgipyiirnmpigikntnewlldiarefhleaqaqriiesetaalqkgllpfagrlkgkkvfvsggeirvavtgmllkelgcelvgirghhydhfgddifsqliadnpdlnvniattqifelvnllnkskpdlllghsgsnvwaaklgipsipifaqaqyyfgyrgvfevarravralgntafqsslkenvnlpfkkewytknpfsyive
>Frankia_sp._Mrp182  coded_by=914..2374,organism=Frankia sp. Mrp182,definition=dinitrogenase alpha-subunit
mtttpaperaeteamiaevlsqypkkaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyahghlgvdnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpkleqvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavakksakkldipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggdsfertdydvaligdyniggdawasrrileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerfgtpwtefnffgptkiissmrkiaeffddeikakteaaiaryqvrfdeitkafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtygmlkegtvlyddptafeleefakflkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainspawdlleapwskageva
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gsg11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gsg11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigeyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Kosakonia_radicincitans_UMEnt01/12  coded_by=420081..421529,organism=Kosakonia radicincitans UMEnt01/12,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msnatgernleiiqevleifpektrkerrkhmmvsdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcsyagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklieemetlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanasrkainkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfeagpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkvaeslrkiadmfddtiranaeaviakyqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpawgqltapwlksa
>Kosakonia_radicincitans_DSM_16656  coded_by=complement(543802..545250),organism=Kosakonia radicincitans DSM 16656,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msnatgernleiiqevleifpektrkerrkhmmvsdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcsyagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklieemetlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanasrkainkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfeagpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkvaeslrkiadmfddtiranaeaviakyqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpawgqltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR851  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR851,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwildqresdgkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Agarivorans_albus_MKT_106  coded_by=complement(3526..4971),organism=Agarivorans albus MKT 106,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
msdkkaetqalidevlevypekakkdrqkhlgandseggscitanrkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgytgvnsfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklatmvdeiemlfplakgisiqsecpvgligddieavaktkgaeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtlrdyvldksedkevatsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlpelentpkvkmnlvhcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynlfgptkceeslraiaakfdekiqakaeeviakykeqwqavvdkyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgagyefghnddysktvpevkdatliyddvtgyeleafadklkpdligagvkekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwdkltppwksakaaa
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=4231..5649,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=NifE protein
mkakdiaelldepacthnkkeksgcakpapgatdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpqlyrigmttdlseqdvimgraekrlfhairqavesyappavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaasehfatpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriagdamvkhvigtrepdplpagaeragirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqerfgtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarligdddlaartealiareeariraalepwrerlagkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnprallrtveeyradiliaggrnmytalkgripfldinqerefgyagydgmrelvrqlcltlespvwpavrqpapwerpasaeaqprtlana
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_B1SMN1  coded_by=79176..80594,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri B1SMN1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacthnkkeksgcakpapgatdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpqlyrigmttdlseqdvimgraekrlfhairqavesyappavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaasehfatpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriagdamvkhvigtrepdplpagaeragirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqerfgtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarligdddlaartealiareeariraalepwrerlagkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnprallrtveeyradiliaggrnmytalkgripfldinqerefgyagydgmrelvrqlcltlespvwpavrqpapwerpasaeaqprtlana
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=1438882..1440300,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkakdiaelldepacthnkkeksgcakpapgatdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpqlyrigmttdlseqdvimgraekrlfhairqavesyappavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaasehfatpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriagdamvkhvigtrepdplpagaeragirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqerfgtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarligdddlaartealiareeariraalepwrerlagkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnprallrtveeyradiliaggrnmytalkgripfldinqerefgyagydgmrelvrqlcltlespvwpavrqpapwerpasaeaqprtlana
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR289  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR289,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperklkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_CM1  coded_by=complement(1338462..1339802),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri CM1,definition=V-nitrogenase associated protein E VnfN
mydelkfdncnhskdpmvgcalegatgvlagikdisivihspqgcsstvsaaydvheidftkrkvactrlfetdvvmgassklknlieeadskfktkaifvvgtcaadiigedieglcrniqpqinakliplmaggfrgnlydgielglnalfpfikkqkekipdsvnliapqanlnptwwadlkwvretlekvgikvqavlphdtsleeldnaglasanillshdagykfgvkmqevhgiplilsdiplpiglkntarwlravgnyfgveekveaiikdgeymaidvlrrrglmmipryrncrvavsadatmgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrspvsdsqlllenelndmgitpkvvfsadgyqikqslmescvdavfgssweyylaeelgikfvfdvfsptnrqnylnrayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskhinweeys
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_227  coded_by=complement(1343510..1344850),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 227,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mydelkfdncnhskdpmvgcalegatgvlagikdisivihspqgcsstvsaaydvheidftkrkvactrlfetdvvmgassklknlieeadskfktkaifvvgtcaadiigedieglcrniqpqinakliplmaggfrgnlydgielglnalfpfikkqkekipdsvnliapqanlnptwwadlkwvretlekvgikvqavlphdtsleeldnaglasanillshdagykfgvkmqevhgiplilsdiplpiglkntarwlravgnyfgveekveaiikdgeymaidvlrrrglmmipryrncrvavsadatmgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrspvsdsqlllenelndmgitpkvvfsadgyqikqslmescvdavfgssweyylaeelgikfvfdvfsptnrqnylnrayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskhinweeys
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_MS  coded_by=1790492..1791832,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri MS,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mydelkfdncnhskdpmvgcalegatgvlagikdisivihspqgcsstvsaaydvheidftkrkvactrlfetdvvmgassklknlieeadskfktkaifvvgtcaadiigedieglcrniqpqinakliplmaggfrgnlydgielglnalfpfikkqkekipdsvnliapqanlnptwwadlkwvretlekvgikvqavlphdtsleeldnaglasanillshdagykfgvkmqevhgiplilsdiplpiglkntarwlravgnyfgveekveaiikdgeymaidvlrrrglmmipryrncrvavsadatmgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrspvsdsqlllenelndmgitpkvvfsadgyqikqslmescvdavfgssweyylaeelgikfvfdvfsptnrqnylnrayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskhinweeys
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfb17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfb17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesngkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(44406..45983),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Fe-only nitrogenase FeFe protein subunit AnfD precursor
mpyhtfkcsecipergkhavdkgegedltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkeknivfgaekvlkqniieafkvfphikrmtiyqtcgtaligddieavtkqvkaempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkitigwvnqkvgtyepeitspyvinyigeyniqgdqeimqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeylanelrqrygtprldidgfgfkalgeslrkigiffgieeraqqiideeiarwkpeldwykerlkvkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceagalaiddpnelesleamrtlkpdciftgkrpgefakkvgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspvhklamvditkdeisnvnfetpgmlsdvnlseevksstvlrqytgkydnvssirsktiedypylkqakeaveskk
>Chlorobium_limicola_DSM_245  coded_by=complement(755017..756657),organism=Chlorobium limicola DSM 245,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
meanihfpdpskvreeltqrypakvakkrtksiiindpetipevqanvrtvpgiitqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnivhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpetpehenyitycfstdmqeenvvfggekklkqaiqeaydlfhpksiaifstcpvgligddvhaaskemrekfgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvgrnntpsegkfklnllgeyniggdafeierifekagitlvasfsgnstvgqlenahtadlnvimchrsinymgemmetkygipwmkvnfvgaestakslrkiaeyfgdeelkarveeviaeempkvkaviddirprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlftelgmttvaagyefahrddyegrhvlpsikvdadsknieelkivadpelyqprkteaelealkekgleingyegmmkqmmkkslvvddvshyeseklieiykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpytgfvgatnfyrdidrmvnnpvwklikapwetagngkgaeleatyvtq
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L103C131B0  coded_by=complement(29551..31053),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L103C131B0,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqyldkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaiiakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Methanotorris_igneus_Kol_5  coded_by=1446467..1447681,organism=Methanotorris igneus Kol 5,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
meplqgcrmigavrafngildgyiilhsppgchsgvmmlevlqdnsdwrvavsgmhqrdlvygaenkcllaikkvyetikpnfivvmdccssgilgedlesvvnmakreigedmdiiyfsgagyhslaylgyeealkslvqfmeqketipnsinligikiddfkakedieeikricsnagvninsiltcdtfdsiknapnaelnvvfgdgiklaelmkkkfdipyvvvdypyglngtleflnslneyvnvdfkfveeekkriiktvekvqfylkgfygmnsavvgdykafgfakflsdeigfdidtlgiskfynidskikeikhivenvviddrkeledkimendieilfgssyekkiaqnkniplirfsypvvdeislsntplagfrgvsviieriineiika
>Richelia_intracellularis  coded_by=13579..14952,organism=Richelia intracellularis,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mtppdknlveehqklveevlqgypekarkrrakhlnvheegkadcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtgidsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkiieeieelfplhrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskkigkpviplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfpkydeakknnsldfepgpydvaligdyniggdawssrllleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinelvqgpaakltlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgpnkiaaslreiaakfdktiqdnaekviakyqpiidevvkkyrprlegnsvmlyvgglrprhvvpafqdlgitvmgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysepgk
>Clostridium_scatologenes  coded_by=285588..287099,organism=Clostridium scatologenes,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
mkfnlktsvvktreqrlgtiigwktgkaselsrdsaytcsgckgnggkrlceasgpftqgstcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhapigcgtgqvaynsiyrnglairnlpveniqiintniketdmvfgaldkleqsikdawnrhhpkaifvatscasgiigedidsvatkmqeklripvvpmpcegfmskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivkknpkkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpilgefglrvnyvidlakvedleklseaaatitfchtlssymaavleeqfgvpeikapqpygiagtdawireiarvthreekaeayierehkriaprlkelkellkgkkgyaatgsayshgliavlkelgiqvdgslvfhhdpvydsndpnkdslkflvdnyddvpnfsvsnrqqfqfygllknvnpdfilirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdehhaigyqgilnlgetileilahkkfhqdlkehaklpytkwwldqkdpyilekqnyave
>Pectobacterium_carotovorum_subsp._carotovorum_UGC32  coded_by=118506..119879,organism=Pectobacterium carotovorum subsp. carotovorum UGC32,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsqssgpainrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhiverydpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraasvavgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkqvigtrepapwrddtpfspaqrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgnlsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqvnmlvcsralinvartleqrygtpwfegsfygvramsdalrqlagmlddpdlmqrtetviareeataqqalapyrerlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmivvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnartlldvayrygadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyrgivtlaeqlcltlespiwaqthqrapwh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtRI4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtRI4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._bth12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. bth12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._bth1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. bth1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtRI18  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtRI18,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtRI3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtRI3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_tyrobutyricum_DIVETGP  coded_by=complement(11663..12997),organism=Clostridium tyrobutyricum DIVETGP,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
menrteiiedrkdfvcynsknkksklrceensvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcaaytwdlrgsltsgselfrnsfstdlsetdvifggekklraavdeivekyhpkvifiyatcivgvigddidsvckmaeekyhirvisvkspgfsgskamgyraacdaiikligenkstkkvnginylgdfnlagevwvvenylkrigidivskltgdgkydeiikapeaklnivqcagsmgylanrmeetydipfiktsfvgiedsinsliqvasllgdgetvkraeelieseqerikpemdyyrsrlegkkaaiyvgggykaislikqfkdlgietvmvgtqtgkpedyeiirqitnegtvilddanpyelekfmlekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilagfggavnfakeidltvnspvwsyv
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1_v2  coded_by=348362..349750,organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1 v2,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlnrkkiqdlmtepgcatnqaksekerkkgcgkqlvpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdtrntgssgpelyrrgfttdmtnldivsggekklykairqainkhnppavfvyqtcvtaligddivavcraatermgvpvipveapgfvgsknlgnrlagealidyvigmrepddagptdinilgeynvagemdivrallerlgirlrtaitgdaryndvaaahtaranmvvcsqalvtlarkmkerwgipyfegsfygisdtsealraiasmliergadpalmdrtealiaeeeaktwarmepyrarlagkrvllytggvkswsvihalqemgmevvgssvrksteadkqkalerlggdedklvdaiapkdmyamfkegradimlsggrsqfvalkaktpwldinqerhhqyagydgmvtlvqqmdlalsnpiweqvrrpapwevee
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=complement(145238..146086),organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1 protein
mcepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvtplleklgirvlskitgdaryqeityahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerygipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaklgdpdlqertekliaeetaaldlalapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikkligndgimlekgnakellqlvkdtnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmvemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwdeveeseqlavl
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_110  coded_by=1907825..1909327,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 110,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=29340..30842,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifD
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_SEMIA_5079  coded_by=9504264..9505766,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum SEMIA 5079,definition=NifD, nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_6  coded_by=complement(8345165..8346667),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(28176..29678),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(8377029..8378531),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=900..2402,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_HI350  coded_by=4029271..4030830,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae HI350,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkemkkltgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgdeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelvgiyhppvvfvystcivgiigddlesacktasekhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpkekkpeagpevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfermgievivsmtgdstaksitraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqkeygipyqtisffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeileteknrimpvisqvrervkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlkpgspeqekatieleqekaaveekisakpyakkckgvalkpeflrsrsdaavesqv
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_T4/M  coded_by=4097074..4098633,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae T4/M,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkemkkltgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgdeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelvgiyhppvvfvystcivgiigddlesacktasekhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpkekkpeagpevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfermgievivsmtgdstaksitraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqkeygipyqtisffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeileteknrimpvisqvrervkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlkpgspeqekatieleqekaaveekisakpyakkckgvalkpeflrsrsdaavesqv
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_H7-0357  coded_by=3109065..3110624,organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL H7-0357,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mphhtfkcseciperrqhavikgpgedltsalpegylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqikntfatdvkekhivfgaegllkkniieafkafpeikrmtiystcataligddigavaqevmdempevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhiiniawikqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfktmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvkygiprldidgfgfeplsaslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpeldwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwanviheemglevvsmytkfghqgdmekgiarcdtgalaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsaldiskdaiptdkgfatqrmtsdanlseeirssvtlrqytggydsvsklrtktyphlqnqlagv
>Heliobacterium_chlorum  coded_by=4772..6133,organism=Heliobacterium chlorum,definition=NifE
mfvnltkldlketcpltdkgapklcmkalpgegaerscafdgarvvlmpvtdaahvvhgpiacagnswdnrgakssgpqlyrrglttdlmemdvvyggekkliqaiidvarkhqpkavfvyatcvsaligddletackeaqkdvsvpvipvnapgfmgdknignrvagevlfrqiigtaepetvhpfainfigeyniagdlwgiqpsleaigiklqacisgdarfddirtahraklnvlvcsksltnlvkqmeqkygipyiegsfygihdtsatlraiakafgdaglierteahilqkeaetravieplkaqlsgkravlftggvktwsmvttlrelgidvlaggtqnstpddflrmkalmdptahiiedtsaagfltlikekspdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrslpyagyagmitfanavartvfspvwekmrvafppevtvne
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavtdkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=1524..3002,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=Azotobacter vinelandii nifHDK gene cluster
mtrmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrnkhlavndpavtqskkciisnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddiesvskvkgaelsktivpvrcegfrgvcqslghhiandavrdwvlgkrdadttfastpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrcvaqwsgdgyisqieltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaakfdesiqkkceeviakykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtmkemgdstllyddvtgmefeefvkrikpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapweasegaekvaasa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pter9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pter9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Arcticibacter_svalbardensis_MN12-7  coded_by=complement(42264..43877),organism=Arcticibacter svalbardensis MN12-7,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgkieidplrwkeevlkkypkkvakkrdkgilvhdgempkqimanvrsipgiitargctyagckgvvlgptrdiinlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtlpptpesenfmnycfstdmqdsnivfggelklkqavrevfeifkpksigifstcpvgligddvhavaremkeelginifgfscegykgvsqsaghhianntlmkhvigrndtapegkykinmlgeyniggdafelerifekcgltlvssfsgnstieqferahtadlnvimchrsinyvaemmetkfgipwfkvnfigadasakslrriaeyfedaelmarveeviaeemaivkeaietvyprttgkvamlfvggsrahhyqelfselgmstlsagyefghrddyegrrviptiqvdadsrnievltieadetryrprktdeeiaalnakgcgfgeydgmmadmakgaliiddishyemeklieiyhpdifcagikekycvqkmgiplkqlhsydyggpyagfegavnfyndidmmintsiwkmikapwqvepvieaeygv
>Clostridium_scatologenes  coded_by=296522..297985,organism=Clostridium scatologenes,definition=nitrogenase
msvnikspeveiretrlgsitgfygsaselcngskggrlcdrkhffsqclgcssgnalcqlvmiqdavvinhapigcsadfsdfnftnrvgqgkrnipfrdakllstnitekdtiygggeklkrtikeaydrfkpnaifittscasgiigddvdsiaeeaedqlkipivyipcegfkskiwttgfdaayhgivrkivkppvkkrkdvinvinfwgsdiftdlfgriglkpnyiipfstiaqlekiseaaatvqicptlgtylaaaleqeyrvpevkappaygiqgtdkwfrelgkvtgkekeveelissekerihfeleelrgklkgkrayvtagaahghslisllsdlgmevvgasifhhdpcydngsqegkslehavktygdikhfsvcnkqayelvnslntlkpdvfiarhggmsiwgaklgiptflmgdeqfglgyqgllnygkkvldvietpefvkniaahsklvytdwwlnqendtflggk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Da3.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Da3.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksncgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvarnkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvarnkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_AK83  coded_by=complement(1073278..1074780),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti AK83,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvarnkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Desulfovibrio_magneticus_str._Maddingley_MBC34  coded_by=complement(21447..23015),organism=Desulfovibrio magneticus str. Maddingley MBC34,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhlfkcseciperkehavikgpgetladalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqikytfatdmkekhivfgaekmlkqniieaftamphikhmtiyqtcasaligddinavaqevmeempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtfepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqvvmddyfkrmgiqvlstftgnggyddlramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygtprldidgfgfgplgaslrkvalffgiedrakqiiaeetarwkpeldwyaarlegkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihdemkvdvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelegleamdmvqpdiiftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpwkgwegwvrfardvynavyspilelakrdiskdeiptdqgfvtrrmlsdvnlpeevrnstelrpytgefdnlacykdktyplmekrpapgaaa
>Clostridium_acidurici_9a  coded_by=complement(2296344..2297684),organism=Clostridium acidurici 9a,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta subunit NifK
msdfidrpryscalggalgtiralpkvvpimhaaagcggnlssainfgagyvgsgycsgqalpstnvierdivfggenrlreqientlkivdgdlyvvltacmvdmigddsrsvtkefsdhrvpvlfaetggfkgnsykgydlvletlfrdfvektdekeektinllgivpiqdvfwqgnlrilkelfeklgyklntffgegetiedlkkssrsklnivvsdifgidaakvfeevhgvpfvttqfpigekstnkflreigkvlevpeclveniireekknyynyierivdiyndidlqrysvvvgdsnytqalarfladdlgwlpelvvitdeleekdkelvlkrfeqyesgfkpnvifdtntssiekhlndiwpnnkesiyydsfspafvigssfekdlakridaphlsvtypisnrvvldkgyagyrgalslvedlfgilvekr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csck18  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csck18,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfestqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_ljungdahlii_DSM_13528  coded_by=complement(2587444..2588955),organism=Clostridium ljungdahlii DSM 13528,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
mkfnlkssvvktreqrlgtiigwktgkaselsrdsaytcagckgnggkrlceasgpftqgstcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhapigcgtgqvaynsiyrnglairklpieniqiintniketdmvfgalgkleqsirdawdrhhpkaifvgtscasgiigedvdsvavkmqeelkipvipmpcegfmskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivkknpkkqenlinvinlwgsdvftpilkelglevnyvidlakvedleklseaaatvtfcdtlssymaavleeqfgvpevkapqpygiagtdawireiakvthreekaeayierehkriasrlkelrellkgkkgyaatgsayshgliavlkelgiqvdgslvfhhdpvydsndpnkdslkflvdnyddvpkfsvsnrqqyqfygllkevnpdfilirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdehhavgyqgilnlgetileilahkkfhqdlkehvklpytkwwldqkdpyilekqnyave
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=927..2429,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=NifD
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdktakrrkkhlnvaksgdetgeegealsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieelfplnkgitvqsecpigligddteavsrkkakeiektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekrdiefeggpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdeviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtahyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardvdlainnpvwdlfeapwkrspshgramaae
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=7944..9446,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdktakrrkkhlnvaksgdetgeegealsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieelfplnkgitvqsecpigligddteavsrkkakeiektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekrdiefeggpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdeviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtahyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardvdlainnpvwdlfeapwkrspshgramaae
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(279347..280891),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase
msgteltenelieeridlsratcpnreqranginvwygkasdlakearsgclrqrernfqqssgcvlnfylsvrigtirdavaiyhapvgcsssalgyrelyrhvpvelgrpanydlhwittnlgekdvvygageklgaaileaekrynpkaifiltsctsgiigediegvvakfqpqvkativpihcegsrsklvqtgydafwhavlkylvkkpekkqkdlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkvglrvnfvpefasveqfeqlseaavtaplcptytdylargleqeygipyflypspmgvahtdewlreiarhtgkerevealikeehekwlpklkairhefenfkvngekvevlgalgqgrllaqvpyfdelglkssaamcqdfdnlilkdleklltqmgdfdilvntfqaaeqthitnqrnpdiamtcpfqggafkrdkgvtrvhalrsdahpwsaqsgytgaiafgnfllqslkshsyqrtmkektqstykdwwykqpnslyylqaed
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=12969..14513,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase
msgteltenelieeridlsratcpnreqranginvwygkasdlakearsgclrqrernfqqssgcvlnfylsvrigtirdavaiyhapvgcsssalgyrelyrhvpvelgrpanydlhwittnlgekdvvygageklgaaileaekrynpkaifiltsctsgiigediegvvakfqpqvkativpihcegsrsklvqtgydafwhavlkylvkkpekkqkdlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkvglrvnfvpefasveqfeqlseaavtaplcptytdylargleqeygipyflypspmgvahtdewlreiarhtgkerevealikeehekwlpklkairhefenfkvngekvevlgalgqgrllaqvpyfdelglkssaamcqdfdnlilkdleklltqmgdfdilvntfqaaeqthitnqrnpdiamtcpfqggafkrdkgvtrvhalrsdahpwsaqsgytgaiafgnfllqslkshsyqrtmkektqstykdwwykqpnslyylqaed
>Arcobacter_sp._L  coded_by=complement(47172..48518),organism=Arcobacter sp. L,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein
mvnkklikellsesacshnktkksscdkpkpgatsggcafegaqialfpfadvvhlvhspatcigaswetrqtltshhgenntvtgfttdvntndvifggdkkleeaidyivehknpkgifvyetcvtamigddmdntcdrmekkhgipvvvihspgfvggknlgsrlggesvlhqligtrepeeihpfginligeynvtgdmwqytpllekigikvvstlagdgrieniqmahtaklnvivcakslisltrkmqekyeipyisisfygkrdtsnairsivnafgdeelskraeaviaeeeaklevalipyrkvlegkkailntggnktwsiasalqdigidvvatsvkkatledreicaqyvkilmedpseqsklidehnidillaggrslytaikkkvafvdvnqekkvsygayaglinlaidvsnavnnkvfkivgnpepwgenh
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(1738136..1739509),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlqrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Heliobacillus_mobilis  coded_by=1..>1560,organism=Heliobacillus mobilis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ChlB subunit
mklaywmyegtalsgitrvagsmqkvhtvihgpqgdgyvnvmysmlerfhtippftlstigrremaqgsrarlvetvrrvdaqhqpdvivitptcsstllqedllavartlgkqtkaklivpnvnafrdlehramddfltqivaefateqpkteqfsvnligpsylgfhqlhdmqeirsmleslgvavnavipygasiktlqeltkahlniclyheygqsacellkekfgidyivatpigirltsqfvkaigeraglpvesyirqnlapsgtiarftksvdslsalfgkravvfgdyshavgmthllreigvrvvwagtymktmekafqasiggladevfvcddfqeishkirdthpdivlgtqmerhsaarfnfpcivisspahilnfplfpapvlgyqgmtrmldtinstiklgleehlvnmfgedspgmgeedtaqeqvavtsdmpkapdkttagegelkwdaeatkalkqvpffvrgkvqrntenyarergysevtleviyaakayfesksnqger
>Desulfobacterium_autotrophicum_HRM2  coded_by=1107816..1109480,organism=Desulfobacterium autotrophicum HRM2,definition=NifD2
mslktkdqietttgrteipdpemvkkeliakyptkvarkrskqimpnttdecgnptvmganvrtvpgiitqrgccyagckgvimgptrdivnlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpptdqddnymtycfstdmqdndivfggekklkaaiqeaydnfkpkaisifstcpvgligddvhavaremkeklginvfgfscegykgvsqsaghhianngifthvvgendtimdadykinllgeyniggdafeidrilglcgislvstfsgnssydqfanchtadlnavmchrsinyvadmleirygipwikinfigaqatakslrkiaqyfdepelierveaviaaelpeiervkeevkqrcegklammfvggsrahsyqgifkeigmrtisagyefahrddyegrrviddikvdadsrniqeleitrdetrynprkteaemaelaekgvafkeyngmmadmdpnalviddisqyeteklieiykpdlycagikekyavqksgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgainfykeidrmvnskvwgyiqapwqgspelsakygwe
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=588542..589960,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein, alpha chain
mpmvllkcdtdiperqkhiylkvdgedtrdflpvsnaptipgtlsergcsfcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdnghfqmkyvwstdmkeshivfggdkrlekaineafdempdvkrmivyttcptaligddirhtvkkvmgerpdvdiftvecpgfagvsqskghhvlnigwindkvgqvepeikseytinfigdyniqgdtqllqqywdrlgiqviahftgnanydelrsmhraqlnvvncarsagyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkvcaffgieergealiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddmgmtvvamsskfghqedfekviargaagtyyvddgneleffeilqhvhpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegfvnmardiynatnnpllslaakdirgakktapvleaa
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_DSM_266  coded_by=complement(842766..844406),organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides DSM 266,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mqsyknlpdpslvredliqkyptkvakkrnksivindpetipevqanvrtvpgiitqrgccyagckgvvlgptrdivnivhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpetpeaenyitycfstdmqeenvvfggekklkqaiqeaydlfhpkaiaifstcpvgligddvhaaskemrdkfgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvgrnnavkegkfklnllgeyniggdafeierifertgitlvasfsgnstvgqienahtadlnvilchrsinymgemmetkygipwmkvnfvgaestakslrkiaeyfgdeelkarveaviaeempkvkavideirprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfselgmttvaagyefahrddyegrhvlpgikidadsknieelkvtadpelynprkseaelealkekgleingyegmmkqmlkktlvvddvshyeserlieiykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpytgfegaqnfyrdidrmvnnpvwklikapwqkaengsstaleasyvth
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zto4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zto4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mag1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mag1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dsp3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dsp3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crf4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crf4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_478  coded_by=1630791..1632095,organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 478,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mgievkrvgvrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvvfhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvrlspvplltsglseneavfggeerlrecirfaaqkyhpqavfianscvsgvigddtqaiaaemeeelglpvtavsahgfldgeyyagyldaartlvdrfmqpaerkegtvvllgdcggmhgeyvkelrrllsllglrvtgqfpsylaldelqavpeaelvillgrrmdnekqaqlaalaahirerlgtpyladvyavgaeettrwlrrvgqichceetaeraivaeeasfvaavekahndlagrrcalaigrdltwfqpeiilrlldkagieldgivlldcfmperravmeeelqrqtdvpihhegdaaaeellhrvdfvltthelvdtklrqlflallpsvgwsmerrllddmrrilhrhesrggliyg
>Bradyrhizobium_pachyrhizi  coded_by=5366..6868,organism=Bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattqsiaeikarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkletddkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagyfddrikegaerviekylplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkkmkapwkeaakpkllaae
>Clostridium_cellulovorans_743B  coded_by=complement(3478647..3480014),organism=Clostridium cellulovorans 743B,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnqlsakqkdldekyeiveareaficrnsdkkglnmkcdsesvsgvvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlsekdvifggekkltaaideivakhspklifiystcivgvigddvdavcksaekrhniriisvkspgfaghkkmgykaacdaliklmseeepkdkvqglnylgdfnlagemwivkgylekigiklvtkvtgdssyeelkkaptakvnivqcagsmtylakkmeelydipflkvsfcgiedtklsllkiadyfdneiimkktrdlikveeakvikeiefykerlkgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfrelgmdtvmvgtqtgkkeeyemiknltnpgtvilddanptelekfmlekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalagfvgavnfakeidltvnspvwefik
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=5327904..5329379,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mspteslnettpvvdkkeliqdvlqaypeksrkrrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksvpgtmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklideieelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakkktkdtgktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfpkadkakkegtlgfepgpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemmltpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeetygipwleynffgptqiakslreiaakfdetiqakteeviakyeaqtkavldkyrsrlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafedlgmkligtgyefghnddykrtthyvengtliyddvsayefeqfvkalkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwkk
>Pleurocapsa_sp._PCC_7327  coded_by=complement(4246565..4247959),organism=Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7327,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtdtvifqeradqihrkgdapfqlacnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadaihlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqerdvifggekklqqalielidrhhpnaafvystcivgiigddmesickqvsqekgipvipvqsegfkgnkragynaacramfrlvgteditdisphsinilgdfnlageiwiireyfermgvqvvakitgdgrvkdiarshgaalnvvqcsgatmdfaklmkegygtpfikvsyfgiedmadalykvanffkddpeilkraqqvvrdeiavlypklqeyrkdlqgkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrllgmdvvmvgsqtgtsedykelhevtdegtiivddsnplelsaflkekdvdifvggvkerpiayklglgfcdhnherkealegfvgmlnfakevhstvmspvwrfvprrtrltkaegrgqkaegkk
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_WSM2304  coded_by=699993..701522,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii WSM2304,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendsafhtriiddvlsqypekaakrrkkhlgvakgkdeaekgpdafcqpevksniksnpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgltgvdafvtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkkleklideveklfplnngislqsecpigligddieavarkkakeydktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkrdihfeqgpndvnvigdyniggdawasrillqdiglrvvgnwsgdatlaelerapkarlnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqiedslrniaaffgpetqekaealiqryqplvqavtkkylprlygkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyqrtgqhvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfieairpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglygapwkkstapmtglpatadkkanhlc
>Desulfovibrio_sp._TomC  coded_by=118346..119725,organism=Desulfovibrio sp. TomC,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
meqaifeerrdqihrtgegpfelacnrdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqekdvifggekklkaallelierhqpkaafvyatcivgiigddvaavcrdvaaktgipvipvqsegfkgnkregyaaackamftltgtgdisdispisinilgdfnlageiwiirdyfkrmgvetvanitgdgrvddirrahgaalnvvqcsgatmelakmlqekygtpfirasylgiedmadslyavaehfkdrdpgivertqqvvreelavllpqlkqyrkdlegkrvaiyvggafkafslikafrhlgmkvvlvgsqtgtsedyeelaaicdpgtvvvddsnplelskyvreldvdlfvggvkerpiahklgvgfcdhnherkealegfvgmlnfarevhasatspiwqfvprreamakaskgegi
>Methanobacterium_formicicum  coded_by=2073927..2075459,organism=Methanobacterium formicicum,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mspdkkspdeaidlskntcpnrehrahgtnvyygkasqllkdakegnvkcserkfqqsggcvlnfylsnrvttirdavvifnapvgcsagalgyrelfrgvpvelgrpaqynvnwlttnlqqndvvygagqklketileaerryspkaifiltscttgiigediegsvngvqpqvkakivpihcegvrsrlvqtgydafwhavlkylvrepqekqedlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkvglrvnfipefatveqfeqlseaaltapicptytdyisrglkkkygvpyflypsptgitntdgwlreigkytgkedeieeliaeehqtwvpkmeaiqeeflklrkdgekvrilgslgqgrlvnqlpffdelglqapaamsqdfddllidqlddivekmgdfdimvntfqaaeqanvttnldpdltltcpfqggtwerdnnvtrihslrgdadpwsaqsgyagavafgnfllqsfknksyqktlsektprsykdwwyeqpdplyylekgk
>Desulfurivibrio_alkaliphilus_AHT2  coded_by=2861989..2863626,organism=Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus AHT2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgtaidskaaawnaeevkaellkkyppkvarkrakqilinealenetpeisanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtdagpdgenymnycfstdmqeqdiifggekklaaaiqeaydlfhprsiavfatcpvgligddihtvaakmkeklgdcnvyafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfrhivgendevkpgkfkinllgeyniggdgfeidrlfekcgitcistfsgnstydqfasahtadlnavmchrsinyvadmletkfgipwikvnfigaaatakslrkiaeyfgdkkliarveeviaeempaveavaaevrprtegktammfvggsrahhykelfnemgmktiaagyefghrddyegrrvipdirvdadsrnieeieveadptryqprkspkelealekagyqfkyydglipdmdngtlviddlnqyeaeklvelikpdifcagikekfsvqklgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfqgavnfyreidrlvsskvwgylkapwqrdpqlsasyny
>Nodularia_sphaerocarpa_PCC_7804  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Nodularia sphaerocarpa PCC 7804,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenkkiveerkelikevleaypdkakkkrekhlnvfeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqelevlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarkaakeidkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfprsdkakadgslnfnstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdekiqanaekviakyqptmdaivnkyrprldgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafldlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwaligapwnkkaqakakakata
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=16635..18008,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(560937..562310),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(2490845..2492218),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=19913..21286,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=complement(2964216..2965853),organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maevyelpdtaefkaeileryppklakkrakqiiinkiendddvpeilantrtipgiitmrgcayagckgvvlgptrdilqithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtkpttesdvnymtyamstdlqeeeiifggekklraaideavalfhpraigifatcpvgligddvhavarameekypdinifgfscegykgvsqsaghhvannkvftdvvglndtfskpgkfkfnilgeyniggdafeierivadcglslhstfsgnstydefssahtvdlnvvmchrsinylaemmekkygipwfkvnfvgaeatskslrkiaqfyedadllkkteevierelvevekvrldvksrcegktavlyvggsrahhyqellreigitilsagyefahrddyegrkvmpsiivdadsrnieelkveadavrykprlseekkasmeadgfafsdynglmtempesslviddcnhyeleelldryhpdlvcagikekyvvqkrgipmkqlhsydymgpfagykgainfykeidrllncsafkftkapwdespelsatyafn
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=5016498..5017898,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
mlsaitsensqklnvipshtepltfdncdhskdpivgcalegianmvagikdvsivihspqgcastvaagydnhevdftkrkvgctrlfesdivmgaseklkglikeadqsfkakvmfvvgtcaadiigediqglcnsiqpeinaklvpllaggfrgnaydglemgleallpfiqkrqkrrggkkprivniiapqanvnptwwadlqwvtqmlkslrikvqtvishgtsfeelekagnatanillshdvgykfarkmqethniplilddiplpigvqnttrwlkalaahfkidekrveplinegenrvvetlrkralmiipryrncriavsadgtmgiglvrmlfeelemipevllfrsgmresrsilerelqsmgisprvvfsadgyqikqaladvdtdavigsawekymaeelgikiafdvfsptnretyldrpyfgyegminmmevvandwerafrskhihwt
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR876  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR876,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqiesdgnprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1059063..1060457,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
myferidndmcedkeklnsencknlsfmqcadcqspiisnvlstirnsvviihsplgcassfidfnikfkiglkkrglpiknaklvssnitesdvifdvdkklknaidrsiesfnpkvifitsscgsgitaldiqnvinsiqdeysipliiitcelynsgfwssgaklgqsknlnkliknnnicekfynvinftgnddikeildkipvnwnyitcyteyeclekmsgasgtllispdrfskyisewlkdefnipcinktlpygieatdnffdeidiwfkekfsvhniisndknrymeklkeikiklnyikclpiimgygyeksilvmlkdldinimdydskykmifdnsdmpffkkelsgnlyglqgvkisfnqayilinfighmkpdlvivkhyslrawtakmgiptlwiedefefygykgmlqfaqrlldlisnknfikninkysklpyrewwmrenllkkv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2364838..2366232),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta subunit
myferidndmcedkeklnsencknlsfmqcadcqspiisnvlstirnsvviihsplgcassfidfnikfkiglkkrglpiknaklvssnitesdvifdvdkklknaidrsiesfnpkvifitsscgsgitaldiqnvinsiqdeysipliiitcelynsgfwssgaklgqsknlnkliknnnicekfynvinftgnddikeildkipvnwnyitcyteyeclekmsgasgtllispdrfskyisewlkdefnipcinktlpygieatdnffdeidiwfkekfsvhniisndknrymeklkeikiklnyikclpiimgygyeksilvmlkdldinimdydskykmifdnsdmpffkkelsgnlyglqgvkisfnqayilinfighmkpdlvivkhyslrawtakmgiptlwiedefefygykgmlqfaqrlldlisnknfikninkysklpyrewwmrenllkkv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2364838..2366232),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta subunit
myferidndmcedkeklnsencknlsfmqcadcqspiisnvlstirnsvviihsplgcassfidfnikfkiglkkrglpiknaklvssnitesdvifdvdkklknaidrsiesfnpkvifitsscgsgitaldiqnvinsiqdeysipliiitcelynsgfwssgaklgqsknlnkliknnnicekfynvinftgnddikeildkipvnwnyitcyteyeclekmsgasgtllispdrfskyisewlkdefnipcinktlpygieatdnffdeidiwfkekfsvhniisndknrymeklkeikiklnyikclpiimgygyeksilvmlkdldinimdydskykmifdnsdmpffkkelsgnlyglqgvkisfnqayilinfighmkpdlvivkhyslrawtakmgiptlwiedefefygykgmlqfaqrlldlisnknfikninkysklpyrewwmrenllkkv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1608416..1609810,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
myferidndmcedkeklnsencknlsfmqcadcqspiisnvlstirnsvviihsplgcassfidfnikfkiglkkrglpiknaklvssnitesdvifdvdkklknaidrsiesfnpkvifitsscgsgitaldiqnvinsiqdeysipliiitcelynsgfwssgaklgqsknlnkliknnnicekfynvinftgnddikeildkipvnwnyitcyteyeclekmsgasgtllispdrfskyisewlkdefnipcinktlpygieatdnffdeidiwfkekfsvhniisndknrymeklkeikiklnyikclpiimgygyeksilvmlkdldinimdydskykmifdnsdmpffkkelsgnlyglqgvkisfnqayilinfighmkpdlvivkhyslrawtakmgiptlwiedefefygykgmlqfaqrlldlisnknfikninkysklpyrewwmrenllkkv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Dm4.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Dm4.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkippeaelrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhwyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfovibrio_alkalitolerans_DSM_16529  coded_by=complement(139693..141081),organism=Desulfovibrio alkalitolerans DSM 16529,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mqpvifeqrtdqirrtatgedfaiacnrdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlrekdvifggekkleaalnelidrhepkaafvystcivgiigddlqavckkvaaqkgipvipvmsegfkgnkragyeaacqammrlvgtgdvsgippmsinilgdfnlageiwiikeyyermgvrvvatitgdgrvddlrrahgaalnvvqcsgatmdlarmmqsehgtpflrasyfgiedmskalydvarffkdqdpgmmertaalvqeelavllpelkkiradlegrtaaiyvggafkafslvksfrhlgmrvavvgsqtgteedykelaaitdegtiivddsnplelsqfikemdvdifvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkealegfagmlnfarevhrtvtspvwrftprrrgsvartmrkeavs
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=complement(188326..189882),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=nitrogenase associated protein E
mkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeidvvfggekklssaidelvelyhppvifvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhnihvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkrlikrpsedeikkkgprvpdnikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsmtgdstakaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqteygipylnasffgiedislalrrtadyfgsekmreradrileaeinrimpeisrvrervkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellirqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfarevdasisspvwkavkerilkpeaveseqklgkiekvavkdmtsgenyakeckgmllkpellhqkseaavesqv
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=complement(923424..924887),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=Nitrogenase
mtkiekplqpveirerrlgsitgysgtagdlvarsrdgslanrersfqqasmcaglcatlnltliedavvinhapvgcagdfaqlnrcrrrgqgkramevtnarllstaltehdtifggaqklaetidqavaryhpraifvtascasgivgedidsvvteaeerhaipvvaidcvgfrtqvwatgfdmaydallrkivkpavtkrpevvnivcfsgkkayfselleplglvanpivqfltvaeietlseagatahmcptlgtwlgaglerrfgvpevkapppyglagtdhwlralaaltgrsdrveayiaaeraaiapdladlraqlagrtafvaagsaqghsfmtvlrdlgidviggcalhhdpvldhghqeedtlahatrdkaevpygvcnkqsfelinlvgklkpdillirhpglvvwgaklgiptlyvedehagigyrglirygrkiadwianpvlertlarrsplpftpwwldqspyqfles
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=complement(923424..924887),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=nitrogenase
mtkiekplqpveirerrlgsitgysgtagdlvarsrdgslanrersfqqasmcaglcatlnltliedavvinhapvgcagdfaqlnrcrrrgqgkramevtnarllstaltehdtifggaqklaetidqavaryhpraifvtascasgivgedidsvvteaeerhaipvvaidcvgfrtqvwatgfdmaydallrkivkpavtkrpevvnivcfsgkkayfselleplglvanpivqfltvaeietlseagatahmcptlgtwlgaglerrfgvpevkapppyglagtdhwlralaaltgrsdrveayiaaeraaiapdladlraqlagrtafvaagsaqghsfmtvlrdlgidviggcalhhdpvldhghqeedtlahatrdkaevpygvcnkqsfelinlvgklkpdillirhpglvvwgaklgiptlyvedehagigyrglirygrkiadwianpvlertlarrsplpftpwwldqspyqfles
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=complement(2640969..2642480),organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mnyisekvppvredrlkacnafggsccelarkgkkgclngvkrtfaqtqgcqlnlslailntirnavivvhgpigcgggslsmagvnkgfqklrdpnakgviwlntnlddndvvnggeeklrqavlyaerefrpeaiivvnscvpaiigddidsiledlqkqvnakivpvhcegfktkimasaydsvyhgilrnlvdrpeeeekvvyedelevikekyrksrtvnilnvssmsrqdeeelirlvkalglevriypcyaspddfayvgeaalnvsicathddyfvehikekygipfvlrsipigikntnqwimdiasffgleekanklievetkelkealepfkeqlkgkrvflgggeirilstaellqsmgmeviglkgyhydrfaeplldmiennenivfnvatgqpfeqanllnrlkpdlyighigtngytakqgfpifplfgqssiymgyqgayeivrkiarvlrnpsfnrnfvgnsklpyrdewyeqnpftyiddsaal
>Heliorestis_baculata  coded_by=831..>2083,organism=Heliorestis baculata,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
mseqpkvnremvddilsaypekakkmrakhivvkdegcttcaiksnsktipgvmtargcayagskgvvfgpvkdmihishgpvgcgyyswstrrnlasgergvdnfvpfqftsdftendivyggdkkletlireikelfpkvkgisiqsecpvgligddiesvarkmskefdmpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhmigkkeranvgpydialigdyniggdawaskkileemglnvtniwtgdgtaemlqtahqtkmnlihcyrsmnyickhleeeygipwmefnffgptkieesilaiaerfdekimknaraviakykpqmekvieqyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefahkddydrtipemgnatviyddvtayefeefvkrlqpdligsg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(3450052..3451659),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mseklkdeilekyipktkksrnghivikteetpnpeivantrtipgiitargcayagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcsfytwggrrfkarpengdglnfneyvfstdmqesdivfggtnklteavheayemfhpaaigiyatcpvgligddilavasttskelgipvhafscegykgvsqsaghhianntvmadiigkgnkkqekysinilgeyniggdawemdrvlekigyhvnatltgdasyekvqnadkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigvdgivetlrdmakcfddpeltkrteeviaeelaeiqddlayfkeklsgrtaclyvggsrshtymnmlqsfgvdtlvagfefahrddyegdeirptikidadsknipeitvtpdaeryriviseekakklredgvplsyyggivkdmgdgttliddmnhhdidvvieklhpdmffagvkekyviqkggilskqlhsydyngpyagfrgivnfgkelvngvytpawklitppwkksasaeskvvvggee
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC405B00  coded_by=complement(34987..36477),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC405B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiagahraraamvvcstalinlarkmeqrwgipffegsfygisatsealrqisqllvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmgigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhmfeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwgqvrepapwdcqpavreerprtksetaalhvvqefagttagdfgec
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C054A000  coded_by=complement(10701..12203),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C054A000,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlskypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Frankia_sp._EuIK1  coded_by=1952..3436,organism=Frankia sp. EuIK1,definition=NifE
maatdratlftepacdhnreksakerkagcpkmaatdratlftepacdhnreksakerkagcpkppggtsggsafdgamitlvpivdsahvvhgpiacarnswdgrgslssgpdlyrrgfttdvgeqdvifggeqrlfdtileavrryappavfvystcspsmigddidavcgaaentgvpvipvhagfagnknlgngsparrcsnrvigtveppdvteldvnlvgeyniagelwdvlpvlakmgirvracisgdapyadvaaahraratmvvcsrallglargledrygipwfegsfygvraderqlrelrllggaelaqraeevialeqtavdlalepyrerlagrravlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvangitkssdgdvqrirellgpdarivtegaarraahrrgdpradissdrpaatstraekgrlpfldinqerpipyagyrgavelarrldalsnpvweqvlmhhrqpwtsrwwpdgtgrhe
>Methanosphaerula_palustris_E1-9c  coded_by=complement(548610..549998),organism=Methanosphaerula palustris E1-9c,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meetgvldvgsgaciderqrsiittgrnkssihcsddsmagsvsqracvfcgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcatytmdirgslssgselyrnsfstdlkekdvvfggekklaacidevvtkyhppavfvystcvvgmigddiiavckaasarhqidvipvestgfmsgnkvigyraaaeallklitpkegetvqmtrklnflgeynlggekwlverylreigieinvaftgdstvaalkqapgaclnivqctgsmhwvaqnlertfgtpyidvnffgaentaeslrkiaefyedeeimrrtevlidremkniqpaiqkyrekltgkraaiyvggafkavaiirqlqelgmevvftgtqtgkqeeydrirdmvdegtviiddanpaelekfllekevdmmaggvkervlafklgigfvdhnhdrkeclagfegavrfarevyittcspvwkhlkqtppcked
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=1438446..1439789,organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msitgiieqerytcaigalqsvvaipravpilhsgpgcgnmiqgfferstgyaggstspcsnfseqevvfggierlreiiantykvldtdlqvvltgctagivgddveslagefraegkpivavetagfkcnnfaahslvvnaiidqyvslfeqknpgrseqntvnlfaslpyqdpfwkgnlgeykrllegiglkvqvlfgpqadgvaewqripranfnilvspwygleiaghleerygqpythfphipiganeserflrqvlafageqganldqeaaekfirrereayyeeidnlatfllefryglpnhvhilhdagyvlglskfllhevgivpkeqfvvdntpeeyqaqieaelkstsakrsiplyfepdagraqdlirslrhsgrgliigsgwdkelarekdydflsaavptpyrlvlttnyagfsgglrviediydtvlatyr
>Youngiibacter_fragilis_232.1  coded_by=complement(30584..32179),organism=Youngiibacter fragilis 232.1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mdaktmvldkysariyknrkehiivmdgngeiptiaanarsapgiitergccyagckgvvvgpikdvltithgpigcgfyswgtrrnqakaskegepvfvqymfstdmqepdivfggekklrqaikeameifnpkaimicstcpvgligddvqavateteklygitciafscegykgvsqsaghhiannglmkqvigtkdtpienpftvnilgeyniggdgfeqirilnkcgidvrtsftgdaaiddlkaahmanlnlvmchrsinyiaemmevkygipwlkvnfiglestcntlrdigkffgdqklidrieaviaeemaevaaerehyrtrltgktaalyvggsrahhyqlllndfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrdviptikedadgkniehmtveadpekyhayltpeqleavkaeiplseykgmmhgmeegslvvddlnhyeteaftrilkpdifftgvkdkyaiqkdgtmsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgamkfghdvvmglytpcwgmvsppwknratieahigggn
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=complement(5154623..5156086),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstavaespadikernkkligevleaypdksakrrakhlntydaekaecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyykgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplskgisvqsecpigligddieavskakskqydgkpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvfdkageknagfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgpskieaslreiaskfddkikegaerviakykpqmeaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekmrpdlvgsgvkekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfgifardmdiainapvwkltkapws
>Richelia_intracellularis  coded_by=20121..21485,organism=Richelia intracellularis,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
migtqgkinqlltetgcehnqnskekknkscrqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacsgnswggrgslssgpllykmgfttdltendiifggekrlykailevgnkynpsavfvyatcvtaligddidavckiaakktglpvvpvhsagfvgsknlgnriggeallehvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwnvlplfeklgirvlakitgdaryqevayahraklnvmicskallnmgrkmeekygipyieesfygvedinqclrniaekigdinlqwrtekliaeeaaaldmalapyrerlkgkrvviytggvkswsivsaakdlgmevtatstkksteedkvriqhllgkdgitlekgnpkeilriiketnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhryagyagmiemareldealhspvweqirqsapwg
>Ruminococcus_albus_8  coded_by=2749..4083,organism=Ruminococcus albus 8,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
msfierprfscmlggalatltslprvipiihgaqgcggqltnsyayggylgvgycggaslpssnvsekeiifggaerlrkeilaaydvmdgdlfvvvtscmtdligddveaviseverpeyplifvdtggfkgnsyygydivikslfeqyipvtkekdeklvnllglvpaydpffrgdleeirrilsligvkattfvtpdqtiedirnagkaslnivlspvngiraakaakekhgidyivtdlpigsnasvkfaieiaeklgidrefaekalekeveryysyvdratdviadtdfqnyavvvnnatqalpyaqyldneigwlpeyvfitdelreknkeiirrhfeelpfeyrpklvfetdtskiqqyiiqndpqflsdtyyeklepafvlgssidrklsqvlngnflnisfpamsriilnktyagfngglalledlitaqvsgr
>Brenneria_goodwinii  coded_by=4348117..4349565,organism=Brenneria goodwinii,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mtdtimqqnqaliqevlevfpdrtrkerakhimtvepgmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgmsgidsfgtvnftsdfqekdivfggdkklrklidelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavareakadigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvlparddqpfaatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvemektpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptqiaaslrkiasqfdsaiqanaeaviaryqaqteaviakyrprlegkkvllyvgglrprhvigayedlgmeimaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkggtllfddlstyeleefvkrlkpdlvgsgikekyvfqklgmpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwqqltapwlksa
>Desulfovibrio_salexigens_DSM_2638  coded_by=complement(480710..482074),organism=Desulfovibrio salexigens DSM 2638,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mneytileerkdqihrtgegaldmacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqetdvifggekkleaaldelidrhspkaafvystcivgiigddleavcrkmsakkgipvlpvqsegfkgskregylaackamfklvgtedtsdisplsvnilgdfnlageiwiireyfkkmgvevvanitgdgrvkdigrshgaalnlvqcsgatldlakmmkeeygtpfmrvsylgiedmadslyqvadffkdvdpdivkrtedlvreelsklmpelarmrkdlegkkvamyvggsfkafsllkafrhlgmkvvmvgsqtgtkedyaelerisdpgtilvddanplelsafikekdvdifvggvkerpiafkmgvgfcdhnherkealegfegmlnfareihssamspvwnfvprrakktge
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._WSM2249  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. WSM2249,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvklideleelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpekssrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Sphaerotilus_natans_subsp._natans_DSM_6575  coded_by=complement(3002..4423),organism=Sphaerotilus natans subsp. natans DSM 6575,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslkakiadvfdepgcdknqtksekerkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgpttyrtgfttdinefdviygaekrlfkaireivdkvdppaifvyqtcvtgligddieavcrraaekfgkpvipvnapgfagpknlgnklgaealldhvvgtmeperttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldalgvrilscisgdgryrevasahraranmmvcsksminiatkmqqrwgipyfegsfygisdmsttlreiarllveqgapadlkdrtealiaaeearawerirayrerlagkrvllitggvkswsvvsalqeaglevvgtsvkkstredkekikeimgddahmiddmtprqmyamlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqerhhafagyegmitmiaeidkalfnpmwqqvrapapweavdpllraeaapa
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=75685..77253,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msealkskiaavlnepgcatnatktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseidivmghgekklyrairevieaespaavfvyatcvtaligddieavckaatvkwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetvtpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgaiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqdrygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrtmcrmlveqgapkellnrcevliareeakawaalqpfrprvegrrvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatdndrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlkdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgivdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgisapmgrapvlvaqqaaaaapaaatapalaamtnsatdfedc
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=75335..76903,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msealkskiaavlnepgcatnatktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseidivmghgekklyrairevieaespaavfvyatcvtaligddieavckaatvkwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetvtpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgaiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqdrygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrtmcrmlveqgapkellnrcevliareeakawaalqpfrprvegrrvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatdndrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlkdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgivdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgisapmgrapvlvaqqaaaaapaaatapalaamtnsatdfedc
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>793,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhatvpct
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>793,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhatvpct
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(50014..51342),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=hydrogenase
mskiieqprfscalgaqqtviaikrgvpilhsgpgcsnkissligqgegyaggntipctnateadvvfggerklknviegafqvidadlyvvltgctsdivgddvgsvtskyqegdkpivyvetggfksnnyvshsevvnaiidqyvdkfknsngvknrlvnvfatvpyqdpywsgnleeikrvlegiglevnilfgnesngieewktipnaefnivasswvglniaehlknkyktpyvhfpylpigaiatsrflrqigefghldknkvenfikkeeekfyfhiektadfmlefryglprkfysildssyslgfskfllnelgilpgkqfiiddtpeqykesiikefkniseyrsaevefnvdagavqleiekekekdfqegralilgsgwdrdlaaklnadllitsvpvtyrlvlncgyagyngglraiediydrvlntyr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(5535508..5536836),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=hydrogenase
mskiieqprfscalgaqqtviaikrgvpilhsgpgcsnkissligqgegyaggntipctnateadvvfggerklknviegafqvidadlyvvltgctsdivgddvgsvtskyqegdkpivyvetggfksnnyvshsevvnaiidqyvdkfknsngvknrlvnvfatvpyqdpywsgnleeikrvlegiglevnilfgnesngieewktipnaefnivasswvglniaehlknkyktpyvhfpylpigaiatsrflrqigefghldknkvenfikkeeekfyfhiektadfmlefryglprkfysildssyslgfskfllnelgilpgkqfiiddtpeqykesiikefkniseyrsaevefnvdagavqleiekekekdfqegralilgsgwdrdlaaklnadllitsvpvtyrlvlncgyagyngglraiediydrvlntyr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4771184..4772500),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msriieqpryscalgvqqtivaikravpivhagpgcstkisrligqgegyaggstipctnsseseivfggekklrtvidgafkvidadlyvvlsgctsdivgdniesvtgeyqkqdkpiafaetggfksnnyishdivvnaivdqyvdkfaedktvekglvnvfvtipyqdpywngnleeikrilqgiglkvnilfgnesngveewkaipkaefnivvsswvglnianhlkdkyntpyfhfpylpigggettkflrqvadyakldktkveafitkeeekfythiertadfmlefrygiprrfytildasyavgfakfllnelgiipakqfviddtpekykkqiidqfktisayrsaevtfsidggeiqeeirkepqnnralilgsgwerdlakdiradllivsapvnyrlilncgyagyngglrviediydrvldtyk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR641  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR641,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpekskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR617  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR617,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpekskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR535  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR535,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpekskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR476  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR476,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpekskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Methanobacterium_formicicum  coded_by=complement(206822..208270),organism=Methanobacterium formicicum,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepvietfesrkkhmcvkgeglsipvcdkasmpgtvtqrtcvyggarivlmpitdsihlvhgpigcaactwdirgskssredlykkgcstdlqekdiifggekklfetvlelnrlyhpgaifvyatcvagvigddikavckksqeitgcrvipvqsegfqdhnktkghwiggdalldyvigtsepeentpfdinivgefnvagdlwgikplleemgvniistmsgdshveeiaqahraklnivqcqkssnyvakkmkkkygipfikvnffgleqtiislreiadffgdeemiqrtekiiqrgleevqdeirdykerltgktvalyvggnkawslvrafeelgmdvmmsgtkngikedyeriketvrdgtiivddanstelarllkkyrpnllisgakekyislklgvpfcdfnhdrisafagfrgfvsfakevdasvsspvfnltstslydisnnlnpekklktenspetilsppsggdthg
>Burkholderia_sp._CCGE1002  coded_by=162853..164316,organism=Burkholderia sp. CCGE1002,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
miatveerkaankalidevlraypekmakrrakhlgsfeqgkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkivdeiqelfplnrgisvqtecpigligddieavskrksaqygghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdcvfdradsgqrsalestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentprsklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygtpwveynffgptmierslreiasrfdntimanaekviekyrplmdaviakymprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtthhikdgtliyddvtgyeferfvehtrpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspvwslskapwkkaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._1808N  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 1808N,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvhetgkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C11  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvhetgkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Heliobacterium_modesticaldum_Ice1  coded_by=1134405..1135865,organism=Heliobacterium modesticaldum Ice1,definition=dinitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit nifd
maeqqdlkgyasramvdevlsaypekvqkmrakhitvkeegcascsirsnaktvpglmtargcafagakgvvfgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnlaegtlgvdnfvpfqftsdftegdivyggdkkleqlcrevkalfptvkgisvmsecpvgligddiesvskrmskelgipivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhllakkerpdpgpydvsligdyniggdawasikileemglkvrniwtgdatvemlqtahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhmeeeygipwvefnffgptkikesirkiaaffdetiqekaeaviakydplmqavidkyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtfpmmgdntviyddvtafefeefvnrmrpdligsgikekyvfekmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhaydgfpifardmdialssptwglakvpwqkdakevrk
>Clostridium_sp._DMHC_10  coded_by=1767062..1768378,organism=Clostridium sp. DMHC 10,definition=hydrogenase
msniieqprfscalgaqqtvvaikravpvlhsgpgcsgkvsgligqgegyaggntipctnaseteivfggeqklrsvidgafkvidadlyvvltgctsdivgddietvvsdyqkngnpivgietggfksnnyishelvvnaiidqyvdklnesikvekglvnvfatipyqdpywngnleeikrilegiglkvnilfgnesngidewktipnaqfnivvsnwvglkivkhlqekygtpyyhfpylpiggvetskflrevgnfggldknkvenfikneeekfysfiertadfmlefryglprkfytlldssysigfskfllnelgiipgkqyvvedtpeefrnsiieefnkiseyrsaevefsvdggeiqddirkdehknrslilgsswerdlakdigadlliisppvayrlvlnctyagyngglraiediynivlntyr
>Pantoea_sp._AS-PWVM4  coded_by=140318..141766,organism=Pantoea sp. AS-PWVM4,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
msnatadrnleiiqevleiypektrkerrkhmmvtdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyftgisgvdsfvtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkliaemeelfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddisavakasstainkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregqpfattpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkvaeslrkiadqfddhiranaeaviaryqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhligayedlgmeiiaagyefghnddydrtlpelkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawgqltapwlksa
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=1952407..1953846,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase associated protein E
mryfmtlendfivfhgnlqqlldkvesgemipklqashapmckfftsyyvisgirhvvplvhgptgcplymsdfvrtrecceirgipleptactalneshviyggegklleavkeayakyhpdlivilscccsgiigddvesiareaekligcrvlalrsegfggdfrsgyedafklimelmeppktkmkgtinilgarwgptptefnwdmdeierllgevgikinaiiaggctveqlrharevelnaswcfdwgqklgdlmqerfgipysrtgqpygpeatkewilgvakplgmeaealkvieremeevepeieslrqalsgktaiieisefpgpiralslarmvaefgshpvvinvhpytikermpsikflleegvnpeiiltkglfrlgsfrssketedeletivkkydnaiffgnsgrfppcpvvnltlmnpafqpqygfrgiknisalvrqalenkdlprsrlfrgmlygtrtn
>Thermincola_potens_JR  coded_by=682422..684023,organism=Thermincola potens JR,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvtekdlerileaypakvkrnrkkhilikdssqepqeieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgplkdivhithgpvgcgyyswltrrnkaktppdgknylaycvttdmqekdivfggekklaqvidevveifkpnaitisatcpvgligddiqavakaaqekhgipvmgfncegyrgvsqsaghhianngllewvvgkgemtaapakysinilgeyniggdsweihrileeigyhviavasgdgsyedlknahvadlnlvqchrsinyiaemleikygtpwlkvnfigveatcqslrdmaqyfgdeelikkteeviakelariepileqyrkickgktafcfvggsrghhyqklfedlgietvlagyefahrddyegrqviphikvdadsknipelhvepdpkffklrispekaeelkkkiplsyyagmnvdmkdghviiddmnhfeteefirilkpdifasgikdkyiphkmgipskqlhnydysgpyagfngavkfaqdvtamftnpawnfiappwkgkpllegqlqk
>Thermincola_ferriacetica  coded_by=53103..54704,organism=Thermincola ferriacetica,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msvtekdlerileaypakvkrnrkkhilikdssqepqeieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgplkdivhithgpvgcgyyswltrrnkaktppdgknylaycvttdmqekdivfggekklaqvidevveifkpnaitisatcpvgligddiqavakaaqekhgipvmgfncegyrgvsqsaghhianngllewvvgkgemtaapakysinilgeyniggdsweihrileeigyhviavasgdgsyedlknahvadlnlvqchrsinyiaemleikygtpwlkvnfigveatcqslrdmaqyfgdeelikkteeviakelariepileqyrkickgktafcfvggsrghhyqklfedlgietvlagyefahrddyegrqviphikvdadsknipelhvepdpkffklrispekaeelkkkiplsyyagmnvdmkdghviiddmnhfeteefirilkpdifasgikdkyiphkmgipskqlhnydysgpyagfngavkfaqdvtamftnpawnfiappwkgkpllegqlqk
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_149_str._67H29BP  coded_by=complement(22530..23807),organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 149 str. 67H29BP,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mddreksfddvcmctdtcalagaaaffagikdavivvngplwchffamrhiehsqatishrmlctqldndaivfgaeeylnealapyveqppallaivsscaagligddveaiargagitcpivaldtsgltgsfadgwdkaactalplllagrqetqahtvnligmtstycnggndvcelvrllemagyhvnavlgsdlsaagmgtlsraalnivvhdelglgsarllnelcgtpylamlppygragtrhwlqeiarvlpplhgdaaeaeiarvmredflrineckslwgelcydtaliraprsvawglaqalrtewadvchlavaadaagarealpladeilgetdavrirellaemegglllgssnesahidplgtqylpvaypmqdalclsespfmglrgarhieellwngnilrrkqmir
>Methylocystis_sp._ATCC_49242  coded_by=complement(42204..43874),organism=Methylocystis sp. ATCC 49242,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mttlsekvqdvfnepgcgknqdksekerkkgctkqlapgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaktsgsslyrtgfttdmgetdvvfggekrlfksikeiidkydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddigtvckaaaekfgkpvipvispgfvgpknlgnklageaildhvigtqepefttpydiniigeynlagelwqvkpildelgirilacisgdakyhevasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygvgdmsdslreiarlliergapgelmtrteaviareeakasariapyrarlegkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkekikelmgqdahmiddmtpremykmlkearadimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmvelvheidkalynpvweqvrkpapweelgwearaseaiaaeeaalandpvaaegarrgkkvcacndvsvgmiedairdggldsvsavgaatragtgcggcqekiasiivslagaqaqaapqaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR691  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR691,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspegkaafeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR600  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR600,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspegkaafeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_21  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_21,definition=NifD
dgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkiapeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=4420..5925,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase alpha-subunit
mtttpapsraeteamiaevlgqypkkaakfrakhikakhpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdlvhishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyahghlgvnnftamqvttdfqekdivfggdpkleqvcdeivemfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavskksakklgipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggdtfeqtpydvaligdyniggdawasrrileemglrvlaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerfgtpwtefnffgpskiissmrkiaeffddeikakteaaiaryqvrfdeitkafrprlegkrvmlavaglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtyamlkegtvlyddptafeleefarflkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdafavfardmdiainspawdlleapwsksgqvadqlvrpatdqaesag
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_USDA_257  coded_by=complement(115591..117081),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii USDA 257,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslnvkiqdvfdepacernrskdsnarskgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgtassgptlwrtsfttdlteqdivmgnserklfkairqikeayqppaifvyatcvtaligddieavckraeetcglpvvpinspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddagpcdinilgefnlsgefwlvrpllerlgirvracipgdaryldiasahraraamlvcstalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygitatsealrqiadllvkkgadqeildrtdaliaeeeaiawkkleeyrprlkgkrvlintggvkswslvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstvedkerirqvlkddlqmfesmsprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwvdinqerhrpyagydgtvelvrqidlaihnpvwsqvrepapwesrpatqeplpntrpdsdatsvgrsirrhdagyfvec
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_HH103  coded_by=complement(155151..156641),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii HH103,definition=NifE, Fe-Mo cofactor biosynthesis
msslnvkiqdvfdepacernrskdsnarskgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgtassgptlwrtsfttdlteqdivmgnserklfkairqikeayqppaifvyatcvtaligddieavckraeetcglpvvpinspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddagpcdinilgefnlsgefwlvrpllerlgirvracipgdaryldiasahraraamlvcstalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygitatsealrqiadllvkkgadqeildrtdaliaeeeaiawkkleeyrprlkgkrvlintggvkswslvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstvedkerirqvlkddlqmfesmsprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwvdinqerhrpyagydgtvelvrqidlaihnpvwsqvrepapwesrpatqeplpntrpdsdatsvgrsirrhdagyfvec
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PAl_5  coded_by=complement(1746237..1747736),organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PAl 5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldedktndsafharliaevleaypdkarkrrqkhlnvagqaeaeaqdageegvmlsecdvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigntgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideidelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkkkeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdgedkhaafettpydvnvigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwteynffgpsqiaaslrkiaalfdekiqegaerviakyqplvdaviekfrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvnayndlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvregtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwsmfkapwknaa
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PA1_5  coded_by=434493..435992,organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PA1 5,definition=FeMo protein of nitrogenase alpha subunit; NifD
msldedktndsafharliaevleaypdkarkrrqkhlnvagqaeaeaqdageegvmlsecdvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigntgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideidelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkkkeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdgedkhaafettpydvnvigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwteynffgpsqiaaslrkiaalfdekiqegaerviakyqplvdaviekfrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvnayndlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvregtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwsmfkapwknaa
>Klebsiella_variicola_At-22  coded_by=complement(1723564..1724937),organism=Klebsiella variicola At-22,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=1331330..1332703,organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(13097..14470),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=56408..57781,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(13097..14470),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=12166..13539,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae_KP5-1  coded_by=443979..445352,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae KP5-1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlcrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Paenibacillus_borealis  coded_by=complement(6660645..6662102),organism=Paenibacillus borealis,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglnieenkklveevleaypkkarkdrekhfqvatdnaidcgtcavksniksrpgvmtprgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslraiaalfdatiqencekmiakykpvmdaiinkfrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmlqegtiimddptayeleeltqrmnidlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkvfakdmdmtvnspvwdlvtrkskiqpeeasi
>Methylosinus_trichosporium  coded_by=<1..>1092,organism=Methylosinus trichosporium,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
ikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskaktkeynghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdkmegkpalfeatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskieeslrkiashfddkikegaerviakyrplmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmg
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=4588797..4590263,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain NifD
msmtveerkaankalidevlkaypdkmakkrakhlnayeegrpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigitgvdsfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieqlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkskemggktiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktdpakypefvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptqiekslreiashfddtikanaerviakyrpmvdaviakykprldgkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmeicgtgyefahnddyqrtthyikdgtliyddvtgyefekfvervqpdligsgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdiaisspvwglakgapwkkaa
>Burkholderia_phymatum_STM815  coded_by=518644..520107,organism=Burkholderia phymatum STM815,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtatveerkaankalidevlqaypekmakrrakhlgsfeqgkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqelfplnrgisiqtecpigligddieavskkkstqygrhtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdcvfdhadpnrrpslestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelestpksklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygtpwveynffgptmiekslreiasrfddtikanaekviakyralmdaviarykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtthhvndgtliyddvtgyefekfvehtrpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspvwglskapwkkaa
>Burkholderia_phenoliruptrix_BR3459a  coded_by=714290..715753,organism=Burkholderia phenoliruptrix BR3459a,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtatveerkaankalidevlqaypekmakrrakhlgsfeqgkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqelfplnrgisiqtecpigligddieavskkkstqygrhtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdcvfdhadpnrrpslestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelestpksklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygtpwveynffgptmiekslreiasrfddtikanaekviakyralmdaviarykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtthhvndgtliyddvtgyefekfvehtrpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspvwglskapwkkaa
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=complement(2449763..2451253),organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mainlrrseavirekrlksvvgyqgsikdlanksqsgclknarrefsqaancssgcaqghlstildaavvnhapigcaadvigantgfrwgqnirnwekrnvriintnmtesatvfgggkllkegireayrrfnpkaifvttscasgiigdnvesilreeeedlgipvvpvfcegfrsqiwatgfdavfhalltrivkppekkrpemvnvinftasareyvkemfaelglvpqfgipystidqisrmseagatisicgtlggyfgngleqkfgvpyvttlqphgisgidnwlrnlgkvlgkekevedyiakqkilikpeldeiksklkgkrvvvgmgpsfshnyirlledfgmevvwgmawhfdpqhdhgglphctmelakkerdipasvsdqqnhevlnllnklkpdiyigrhpglsvwatkmgiptimvsdeysafgykgtidfgyriidiltnnsfarnlskriklpytdwwfeqepfiflndeelkknaass
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoM26_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoM26_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=58891..60441,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
mpkekrinldfvdvenrekrlgtitawdgsasdlvkesnyqiralkkgkgcagekgkgcklcelkmpfnqqtmcsqsivgcqvgnipdailiehssigcsaihprfnlgykvglirrgkkveniqilstnllekdmvfgatqklkqsiqdawvrfnpkaifisaacataiigediasvakeaenelgipviplscegfrskhwstgfdisqhgilrqivnkhpkkqedliniialwgtdyfsemlnpiglrvnyvidmatvdelaqcseaaatatfcftlgsymaaaleqeygvpeikapqpygfkgtdtwlreigkivhredqveefiksehervkpkieelkkklkgvkgfvatgsayahgiiavlkelglevdgsivfhhdpvydggnedqdslkflvenygdvehftvsktqqfqfygilrrvnpdfiiirhnglaplaakvgipafplgdehlpfgyegiirmgeallevlahkkfgenlkrhvklpytkwwldqedpfvlakhpeildee
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=868803..870353,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpkekrinldfvdvenrekrlgtitawdgsasdlvkesnyqiralkkgkgcagekgkgcklcelkmpfnqqtmcsqsivgcqvgnipdailiehssigcsaihprfnlgykvglirrgkkveniqilstnllekdmvfgatqklkqsiqdawvrfnpkaifisaacataiigediasvakeaenelgipviplscegfrskhwstgfdisqhgilrqivnkhpkkqedliniialwgtdyfsemlnpiglrvnyvidmatvdelaqcseaaatatfcftlgsymaaaleqeygvpeikapqpygfkgtdtwlreigkivhredqveefiksehervkpkieelkkklkgvkgfvatgsayahgiiavlkelglevdgsivfhhdpvydggnedqdslkflvenygdvehftvsktqqfqfygilrrvnpdfiiirhnglaplaakvgipafplgdehlpfgyegiirmgeallevlahkkfgenlkrhvklpytkwwldqedpfvlakhpeildee
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2555151..2556701),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpkekrinldfvdvenrekrlgtitawdgsasdlvkesnyqiralkkgkgcagekgkgcklcelkmpfnqqtmcsqsivgcqvgnipdailiehssigcsaihprfnlgykvglirrgkkveniqilstnllekdmvfgatqklkqsiqdawvrfnpkaifisaacataiigediasvakeaenelgipviplscegfrskhwstgfdisqhgilrqivnkhpkkqedliniialwgtdyfsemlnpiglrvnyvidmatvdelaqcseaaatatfcftlgsymaaaleqeygvpeikapqpygfkgtdtwlreigkivhredqveefiksehervkpkieelkkklkgvkgfvatgsayahgiiavlkelglevdgsivfhhdpvydggnedqdslkflvenygdvehftvsktqqfqfygilrrvnpdfiiirhnglaplaakvgipafplgdehlpfgyegiirmgeallevlahkkfgenlkrhvklpytkwwldqedpfvlakhpeildee
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2554943..2556493),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpkekrinldfvdvenrekrlgtitawdgsasdlvkesnyqiralkkgkgcagekgkgcklcelkmpfnqqtmcsqsivgcqvgnipdailiehssigcsaihprfnlgykvglirrgkkveniqilstnllekdmvfgatqklkqsiqdawvrfnpkaifisaacataiigediasvakeaenelgipviplscegfrskhwstgfdisqhgilrqivnkhpkkqedliniialwgtdyfsemlnpiglrvnyvidmatvdelaqcseaaatatfcftlgsymaaaleqeygvpeikapqpygfkgtdtwlreigkivhredqveefiksehervkpkieelkkklkgvkgfvatgsayahgiiavlkelglevdgsivfhhdpvydggnedqdslkflvenygdvehftvsktqqfqfygilrrvnpdfiiirhnglaplaakvgipafplgdehlpfgyegiirmgeallevlahkkfgenlkrhvklpytkwwldqedpfvlakhpeildee
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1418156..1419706,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpkekrinldfvdvenrekrlgtitawdgsasdlvkesnyqiralkkgkgcagekgkgcklcelkmpfnqqtmcsqsivgcqvgnipdailiehssigcsaihprfnlgykvglirrgkkveniqilstnllekdmvfgatqklkqsiqdawvrfnpkaifisaacataiigediasvakeaenelgipviplscegfrskhwstgfdisqhgilrqivnkhpkkqedliniialwgtdyfsemlnpiglrvnyvidmatvdelaqcseaaatatfcftlgsymaaaleqeygvpeikapqpygfkgtdtwlreigkivhredqveefiksehervkpkieelkkklkgvkgfvatgsayahgiiavlkelglevdgsivfhhdpvydggnedqdslkflvenygdvehftvsktqqfqfygilrrvnpdfiiirhnglaplaakvgipafplgdehlpfgyegiirmgeallevlahkkfgenlkrhvklpytkwwldqedpfvlakhpeildee
>Bradyrhizobium_jicamae  coded_by=complement(10638..12311),organism=Bradyrhizobium jicamae,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msslsaaiqdvfnepgcaknankseaerkkgctkqlqpgsaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgasiwrtgfttdmnetdivfggekrlyhaireivekynptaifvyqtcvpamigddinavckaasqkfgkpvipinspgfvgpkslgsklageallehvigteepdhttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirilscisgdgkyrevasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapedlierteaviareearvwaaiepykprfsgkrallitggvkswsvvaalqeagleligtsvkkstkedkerikermgqdahmiedmkpremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqeryhaymgyvgmvklveeidkalfnpmweqlrrsapwddtannrqlkaiaqtdalaaeiaadpaladttrrakkicfckevnlgtiedairshgltsieavrrhtdavggcckrriedilvampvssppamlqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._owrtr3  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. owrtr3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._owrad6  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. owrad6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_homopropionicum_DSM_5847  coded_by=complement(73573..75180),organism=Clostridium homopropionicum DSM 5847,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mkkivdkvlekypaktfktrkkhiivkddsyeipqieantrtipgiitnrgccyagckgvvvgpikdmvhivhgpigcsyyawgtrrnkakaedgednfiqycfstdmqesdivfggekklrqaikeamdlfnpkaisisatcpvgligddinavaaeaekeygiqvlafncegykgvsqsaghhiannnfiknvigkgerkydkkwninllgeyniggdtweierilkkigynvvatltgdgsienirnahkanlnlvqchrsinyiaemietkygipwvkvnfigidatiqtlrdmakiyddpeltkrteeviaeevaaiegelvylkqrlegktaflyvggsrshhyqnllatfgvetvlsgyefahrddyegrdviptikpdadsknieelkvekdeenyriilseeryeklkkdvpslgnyaglikesknnniiiddlnhyetetfikvlkpdmffsgikdkyavqkmgvmskqlhsydysgpyagfkgavifakdvlagvytpgwryvtppwktepliegtiekegaac
>Phaeospirillum_molischianum_DSM_120  coded_by=complement(281756..283318),organism=Phaeospirillum molischianum DSM 120,definition=Nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefecskciperkqhavtkgpgedltsclpkgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpigctydtwqtkryisdngnfqlkytfatdvrekhivfgaekllkqniieafqqfpdikrmtiyqtcataligddinaiaeevmeelpdvdificnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtveptitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdffkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsqslrkvamffgiqdraeaiiaeetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgedalaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakkvgvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlaaldisrdpiptdkgfvtqrmlsdaslpeeirasttlrqysgaydsvtplrdktyptfdsrpaaae
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis  coded_by=complement(5423..>6311),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD, partial CDS
hhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgpsqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdkygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpiwglyeapwkkatalaavaae
>Treponema_saccharophilum_DSM_2985  coded_by=complement(10482..11954),organism=Treponema saccharophilum DSM 2985,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpynfknanlavrenrlgsitgftgdletlvyrsecgslknrercfsqsssclsgcalnalaairnvavvyhapagctamasndnvkfgqiaarinkttnsvfvctdlnekdtvfgamndlrkivehtystykpdaifistscvsgvigedvdgladeineelpipvipvhcegfksriwasgfdisdhavlqgivkppkekrriiniknfyesarpqitkifnevfdaepqflycnstieelshlsealatvcicgtlgtylgnaleetygvpyvrtinhsgvtgfetwlrgigkaigreeqveayikkqreiyipqieeaikplrglravigmgpgftyeiarvlqefgmtidyalawhydykydngqvppalehllktspkdmkvavadqqnyevlnilnrykpdvyfsrhpgttvwaikqgyaavfvadeytvfgyegtlsfaklirdtvtnrsfeknlaariklpytkwwyeqsnekfinpegkr
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=2671199..2672539,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase associated protein N
mydelefshcshskdpiigcalegvanviagikdvsiiihspqgcastvatafdkheidftrrkvgctrlfetdiimgaseklagmireadrtfnskamfivgtcsadiigedidglcremqpeikarlipvmaggfrgdsfagidmgleallplipkqeiklvnkvnlilpqsnlnptwqadllwvkevlremgvdvlsvlphnmaleeleeaglasanillshdagykfvrkleerhqipfilgdvplpvglsntarwlravgryfgaeekaeeiitrgeklvvdtlrkralmiipryrncrvalsadatlgigmvrmlfeelemipelvllhsgtqearellvnelnelgltpgvafsvdgyqlkqaiseaktdvvigsawekymaeeagiktsfdllsptnrdvymdrayfgyegmlnmlevfgndwersyrskainweqfa
>Desulfovibrio_desulfuricans_ND132  coded_by=complement(1430038..1431432),organism=Desulfovibrio desulfuricans ND132,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrttsstileerrdqihrtgegaidiacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgslssgpelhrlsfstdlqetdvifggekkleaaldelidrhspkaafvystcivgligddleavcrkmsekkgipvlpvmsegfkgnkragylaackamfrligkgdtsdispvsinilgdfnlageiwiireyfermgvqvvanitgdgrvadiarchgaalnlvqcsgatldlakmmqeefgtpfkrvsylgiedmadslyqvadffkdkdpgivertqalvreelqklmpelaryrkdlegkkvamyvggsfkafslvkafrhlgmkvvvvgsqtgtkedyaelaeitdpgtviiddanplelshfikekdvdvfvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkealegfrgmlnfareihssvmspvwqfaprranrvkaarkeavne
>Bradyrhizobium_retamae  coded_by=complement(20285..21787),organism=Bradyrhizobium retamae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslaptqsiaeikarnkeliqevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvmpeskpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpakiveslrkiagyfddkikegaerviakyqplvdaviakyrprlegksvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyeferfvekvrpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwkktkapwkdvpkpkllaae
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_DP4  coded_by=187429..189069,organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris DP4,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mapatppatpsapasdgllderrgqvhragqgpidlacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpvgcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlgerdiifggepkleaaldelitrhapkaafvyatcivgligddigavckrvaarhgipvlpvqsegfkgnkregyeaacaamftltgtgatdgigpasvnilgdfnlagelwiirgylermgvqvvanitgdgrvddlrrchgaalnlvqcsgatmplarmmreaygtptlrvsylgiedmadslynvaehfrevcpgivertrdlvreeiatlmpllrqlrrdlegkraaiyvggafkafslikafrhlgmqvalvgsqtgtdedyreleaicdpgtvivddanalelahfvrtldvdifvggvkerpiahklgigfcdhnherkialagfegmynfarevhasvtspvwrftprsrfpaaarpagdgqadcpvtdaqsanpadradrhpgadapaherdehtanpagdedadcpanpaghaphdlftegnateggahhgrp
>Rhodobacter_sp._SW2  coded_by=complement(34964..36421),organism=Rhodobacter sp. SW2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maealktqiagllnepacdtnrakdegsrrkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhaplacegngwdnrgsassgseiyrtgfttdlteldivmgngekklyraireviaeqapaavfvyatcvsaligddieavckaaterlgtpvipinapgyvgsknlgnklagaalyahvigtmepaepglcdiniigdfnlsgelwqvkplldrlgirilgsisgdaryaqvamahrarvtmlvcskaliglarqledgygipffegsfygisdtsaalrtlcmklvergapadliprcealiaqeeaatwaalasfrprvagkrvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsvrkateedkgrvveimgddshmfdnmapremyallrearadvlmsggrsqfvalkarvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgmigllraidremnnpmwadlrgpapwevavqapapaplrlasgspadfedc
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._phaseoli_str._IE4803  coded_by=complement(349516..351018),organism=Rhizobium etli bv. phaseoli str. IE4803,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein alpha chain NifD 1
msldyendsvlhekliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsrdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkkaapaeavaae
>Mesorhizobium_loti_MAFF303099  coded_by=4772736..4774241,organism=Mesorhizobium loti MAFF303099,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain; NifD
mgldyendgalhakliedvlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatskdeaggedkglsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideiedlfplsggisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkddvafesgpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqieaslrniakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyqprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlamvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtllyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyrapwkkmkdapptavaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW1  coded_by=complement(105389..106957),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msealkskiaavlnepgcatnatktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseldivmghgekklyrairevieaeapaavfvyatcvtaligddldavckaatvkwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetvtpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgsiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqerygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrrmcellvdqgapkdllnrcevliareeakawaalkpfrpkvagrkvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatandrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlrdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgiaapmgrapvlvpqqaaaaplapaaapglaamtnsatdfedc
>Clostridium_autoethanogenum_DSM_10061  coded_by=complement(451385..452761),organism=Clostridium autoethanogenum DSM 10061,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msitktenidvnesstktnsieqvrygcaigavhsafaiprvipiahcgpgcvdkqtstisfyngfqgggygggsvipssniyekevifggedklrkliessfkvldadlfvvmtgcipdtvgddvgavvsefqdkglpvvyaetggfkgnnfighelvteaiidqyvgdykgplkkglvnvwsllpyhntfwrgdlaeikrilegvglevnilfghesggvsewqnikkaqfnlvlspwlglktaehlkekygqpylhiptipigaketssflrkvvdfaginknkaeefiereerkyyeyledfsdfyaeywwglpakfavvgdsaynlavtkflinqlglipakqiitdnpperyrdlireqyrniaddvsidvefeedsyiihdkirktdfghkppiifgttwerdlakelkgfiveigfpasyevvisksyvgyrgaltllekiyttivsasa
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=complement(3661649..3663220),organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhefeaskciperkqhavikgpgedlshalpkgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkekhivfgaepllkkniheafdafpeikrmtiyqtcataligddidaiaqevmeerpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldffnrmgiqvlstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplsgslrkiglffgiedraeaiiaeetakwkpqldwykerlkgkrvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrcsegalaiddpnelegleaiemlkpdviftgkrpgevakkagvpylnahgyhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspmhqlsnldiskdeiptdkgfltrkmisdatlppevvndpilkqydgkldpipdlraktypvfpkkepapvaae
>Methyloglobulus_morosus_KoM1  coded_by=20431..21891,organism=Methyloglobulus morosus KoM1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msltvaetkernkalinevlevypektakrrakhlgsyeetkpdcgvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkktkeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdksedkhpefvttpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaelenspkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgptkiaeslrkiasyfddnikegaerviakyqalmdavvakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveaiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglartpwktaa
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_CB782  coded_by=59163..60683,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii CB782,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslayendgdfnagligkvlsqypdktakrrkkhlgvakgreavelgadtlcetevksnvksipgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyydgltgvdafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideveelfplnnglslqsecpigligddieavarkkamehnktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdthfepsvfdvnvigdyniggdawasrillegiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkatlnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrniaaffgpetqdraealiteyqpfvkavtekyrprldgksvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyertghyvkkgtliyddatgyelekfieairpalvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwslydapwkkpncskacgdcscgldde
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=1499..3085,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=alpha subunit of nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgvmthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivllthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkaipqkgdgnfiqycfstnlgesdivfggekklkaaikeiveifnpkaificatcpvgligddlpavaneskelygidvisspcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigtmdytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigyevisvmtgdasiddirkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpefterteaviaeeledikddmdyykskltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptiiedadlknievlevekiegkykpvktdeeleelkkeiinleyypgmmrdmkkgsivvddlnefeteefikklkldmffsgikdkyiiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgaanfgrdvtmslytpawkytvapwktesilegtfggev
>Phaeospirillum_fulvum_MGU-K5  coded_by=complement(23541..24923),organism=Phaeospirillum fulvum MGU-K5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlkrkiqelmtepgcavntaksagerkkgcgkklvpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdsrnawstgptlyrlgfttdmdnldiihggekklykairkaiarhsppavfvyqtcvgaligddveavckaatermgvpvipvnapgfvgsknlgnrlagealfehvigtvepddvgptdinilgeynvcgeldqfrpllarlgirlrasitgdarfadvaachtarvnmvlcsqalvtlarkmkekygipyfegsfygisdtsdalraiagllvergadptlidrtealiaeqealawariepykarlkgkrvllytggvkswsviqalqevgmevvgssvrkatasdrekalarlggdeekladaippremykmfaegradmmlsggrsqfialkartpwidinqerhhgyaaydgmvalvrqidlsinnpiwnqvrapapwdpq
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC395A00  coded_by=82294..83796,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC395A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaevviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_80  coded_by=296091..297539,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 80,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCI_18  coded_by=638446..639894,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCI 18,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola_CAG:634  coded_by=complement(1630..3078),organism=Klebsiella variicola CAG:634,definition=nitrogenase protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(10355..11803),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_sp._KTE92  coded_by=261476..262924,organism=Klebsiella sp. KTE92,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_342  coded_by=complement(1768058..1769506),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae 342,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola_At-22  coded_by=complement(1728069..1729517),organism=Klebsiella variicola At-22,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCICRE_10  coded_by=556525..557973,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCICRE 10,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=1326777..1328225,organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=5443241..5444689,organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_20  coded_by=667728..669176,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 20,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_40  coded_by=598633..600081,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 40,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(38181..39629),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(526881..528329),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=431094..432542,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(17585..19033),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(17947..19395),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=51844..53292,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(17787..19235),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(17720..19168),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=58553..60001,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(17585..19033),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(17572..19020),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=7613..9061,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(17831..19279),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(17464..18912),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_76  coded_by=11523..12971,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 76,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_68  coded_by=316559..318007,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 68,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=2756587..2758035,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae_KP5-1  coded_by=439418..440866,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae KP5-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_BIDMC_61  coded_by=489348..490796,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae BIDMC 61,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=complement(4078584..4079945),organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepirkeelddqacgsmapkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpvacagnswesrgslssgpslsqygfatdlgnndiifggekklrdsidyiagrftppaifvystcvtaligedmdavckeasdrlgipivpvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepeqetplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnqagitllsritgdarykeitwahrakanmvvcsrallglakqmeskygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmafllndremerrvdrltereenrlahdlrpyrkilkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgiqvvgvgtnkssdedvqriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfvdinqerhkayagyegllrlakelvdsmvnpiwklasspapwdkegsydr
>Methylobacter_luteus  coded_by=<1..>1091,organism=Methylobacter luteus,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
pikdrihisngrvgcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvntfgtmnftsdftekdivfggdkklakimneieelfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavakkankeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldnnegketayeispydvavigdyniggdawasrtlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaementprvklnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekysipwieynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffdetiqagaekviakyqaeydaviakykprltgkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtikemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkkvqpdligsgikekyifqkmg
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=376..1923,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=Rhizobium japonicum nifDK operon for dinitrogenase alpha and beta subunits
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfverlqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkdaerqdsrlqnnatrlalrespgipi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS22_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS22_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS2_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS2_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS1_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS1_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS21_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS21_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_13  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_13,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_12  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_12,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Frankia_sp._CeD  coded_by=25292..26662,organism=Frankia sp. CeD,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maatervalftepacnhnnakstkarkagcpkpkpggtsggcafdgamitlvpiadcahvvhgpigcagnswdgrgslssgpvlyrhgfttdmaendvvlggeqrlfdtilevverhsppavfvystcvtamigddldavcaaaaaesgvpvipihspgfvgsxnlgnrlagqaxldhvigtvepelttdrdvnligeyniagelwdvlpllsrlglrvqacisgdaryrdvaaahraratmvvcsrallglarglqerygipwfegsfygxxaxgdxlrgfarlleddelsrrteeliaveeaavavalepyrrrlagrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmikegxprellrvaeqtgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvelarrldlaiaspvweqvsrpapwdlvgar
>Paenibacillus_riograndensis_SBR5  coded_by=complement(6447464..6448921),organism=Paenibacillus riograndensis SBR5,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mglnieenkkiveevleaypkkakkdrekhfqinteeaqscgtcalksniksrpgvmtprgcsfagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkkleviireitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmakeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvlgkaelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvehmekaydipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaarfdatiqqncekmiakhkpamdaiinkykprlenkkvllmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyektfpmmkegtiimddptayeleelaqklnvdlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnspvwnlirkkekaqkegagv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A120  coded_by=<1..>748,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A120,definition=NifD
vheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyi
>Phaeospirillum_fulvum_MGU-K5  coded_by=complement(64370..65881),organism=Phaeospirillum fulvum MGU-K5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtlnlkhpeaetreqrlgtitqwegcasdlardsaftsgcgkagrgaggkrlceqdsplsqasmcaeciavtnatiiqdsvviqhspigcaasqsftcryyrdlaarrgwevknpqsictnlterdmvfggvgkleqairtawarhrpkvifvasscstgiigddidstaqaleaelgvtivtlhcegfkskhwssgwdviehgilrrlvrkdpparqadlinvihlggpdvfsplleplglrvnlvmggspldrlarmseatatatmcfvlsylatgleqeygvpevkaplpygqdatdewlrdiarmtgredrvealiarerarvapelarlrralagkrgfvaagaafahglladlrelgvtvdaaysfhhdpstdsgdprqdslshlvetwgdvahftvspdqhfqahaalqrakpdfvicrhtgsiaalagrlgipvlpifysndglgydglitigrailrilprrrfyqdvaahssfpyqrwwkdetnpyalsipav
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=349..1878,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=vanadium nitrogenase associated protein E
matnmdanvvfyghlselyqlakegkikttlqgshtrpckfgaatkilsgikdaivishgpsgcaygvkraykltnsrnsgspyepvvttnmsekavifggekelrgailevdqkyhpdaivvatscasgiigdcvdevvgkarseidaeimtihcegfageyrsgfdivfrqivdfmepptperqaqladsvnivgakmgpertevegdvkelkrlikgmgarvhsviagdctleelkqapsaavnctlcldlgytigkamsdrfgtplnstilpygisatekwlrgaakylkmeaqaealmereyaaiktefeaakkyiegklaiieghdaikclsiahmlerdfgmraviynfhpwstearetsvdylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedellefiggldadsvvyfgsslsfphipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakciktaleygfrprssltkqmvfpknsglasaqsltgklaqdlpdctvyagkkrgkcfne
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7822  coded_by=4080546..4081949,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7822,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkitkgkiaelldqpgcehnhkkesqknkackqqaqpgaaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpttykmgfttdvsendvifggekklykaivevvkrykpaavfvystcvtaligddidvvceavankykipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlggealleyvvgtkepeyttpydinligeynvagemwgvlplferlgirvlakitgdarfaevcqahraklnvmicskalinmaqkmkekynipyieesfygiadmnrclrnvaaslgdaqlqerverliadetakldivlapyrerlkgkkmvlytggvkswsiisaaqdlgmevvatstkksteediariktllgadgimlekgsaaeilkvvertgadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyvglvemareldealhspiweqvrkpapwdlahhnptlahyih
>Raoultella_ornithinolytica  coded_by=64577..66025,organism=Raoultella ornithinolytica,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqdvlevfpettrkerrkhmmvsdpeqesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyyngvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemdllfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskalnkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkvaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyqaqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyelesfvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawseltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_jicamae  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium jicamae,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhedgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktfvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_mazei_SarPi  coded_by=complement(688188..689711),organism=Methanosarcina mazei SarPi,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekthveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=231..1640,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=Azotobacter vinelandii ORFs 1,2, and 3 gene, partial cds
mnqteiqnlldepacthntagktgcsrsrpgatqggcafdgaqiailpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdlrgsnssgpqlyrlgmttelsdvdvimgrgekklfhairraveryqpqavfvygtcvpamqgddieavardasqrwgvpvipvdgagfygtkslgnriagetlyrhvigtrepaplpqgavghgitvhdvnligeyniagefwrvaplfdelglrilctlsgdarfrevqtmhraeanmvvcskamlnvarhlredygtpffegsfygiadtsqalrdfakaigdpslsvrtellilreenraraalepwrerlagkralifsggvkswsvvsalqdlgveviatgteksteedrarirelmgpnarmiddndqsaliatciesgadiliaggrylyaalkarlafldinherdfgyagyggfvelarqlalavhspvwqrvrqeprwvrastraalleea
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=complement(260573..261982),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=nitrogenase vanadium iron cofactor biosynthesis protein vnfE
mnqteiqnlldepacthntagktgcsrsrpgatqggcafdgaqiailpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdlrgsnssgpqlyrlgmttelsdvdvimgrgekklfhairraveryqpqavfvygtcvpamqgddieavardasqrwgvpvipvdgagfygtkslgnriagetlyrhvigtrepaplpqgavghgitvhdvnligeyniagefwrvaplfdelglrilctlsgdarfrevqtmhraeanmvvcskamlnvarhlredygtpffegsfygiadtsqalrdfakaigdpslsvrtellilreenraraalepwrerlagkralifsggvkswsvvsalqdlgveviatgteksteedrarirelmgpnarmiddndqsaliatciesgadiliaggrylyaalkarlafldinherdfgyagyggfvelarqlalavhspvwqrvrqeprwvrastraalleea
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=complement(260573..261982),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=nitrogenase vanadium iron cofactor biosynthesis protein vnfE
mnqteiqnlldepacthntagktgcsrsrpgatqggcafdgaqiailpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdlrgsnssgpqlyrlgmttelsdvdvimgrgekklfhairraveryqpqavfvygtcvpamqgddieavardasqrwgvpvipvdgagfygtkslgnriagetlyrhvigtrepaplpqgavghgitvhdvnligeyniagefwrvaplfdelglrilctlsgdarfrevqtmhraeanmvvcskamlnvarhlredygtpffegsfygiadtsqalrdfakaigdpslsvrtellilreenraraalepwrerlagkralifsggvkswsvvsalqdlgveviatgteksteedrarirelmgpnarmiddndqsaliatciesgadiliaggrylyaalkarlafldinherdfgyagyggfvelarqlalavhspvwqrvrqeprwvrastraalleea
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=complement(260573..261982),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=nitrogenase vanadium iron cofactor biosynthesis protein vnfE
mnqteiqnlldepacthntagktgcsrsrpgatqggcafdgaqiailpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdlrgsnssgpqlyrlgmttelsdvdvimgrgekklfhairraveryqpqavfvygtcvpamqgddieavardasqrwgvpvipvdgagfygtkslgnriagetlyrhvigtrepaplpqgavghgitvhdvnligeyniagefwrvaplfdelglrilctlsgdarfrevqtmhraeanmvvcskamlnvarhlredygtpffegsfygiadtsqalrdfakaigdpslsvrtellilreenraraalepwrerlagkralifsggvkswsvvsalqdlgveviatgteksteedrarirelmgpnarmiddndqsaliatciesgadiliaggrylyaalkarlafldinherdfgyagyggfvelarqlalavhspvwqrvrqeprwvrastraalleea
>Desulfotomaculum_reducens_MI-1  coded_by=complement(3056726..3058072),organism=Desulfotomaculum reducens MI-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mreavlqdtvfqeredsiitkgkqkkqlkcdtdsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgsdlyrnsfstdlkeqdvifggekklaraidelvekhpakvvfvyatcivgvigddleavckaaadkhqievipvqssgfagnksagyraacdallrliqrdnakvaqkkntlnylgdfnlagevwiiknylkeigvnvnvaftgdskyqalknathasvniiqcagsmiymaermkelykipyfnisflglqdttaslrkiavffgdedmmsqveklvqretvrvepelewyrqrlqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislvkqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyetindlvddgtiilddanptelekfmvdkgahllvggvkerplayklgvafidhnhdrkhplsgfvgavnlakevyttlcspvwkyv
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2801437..2802918),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtiniqneeaptrenrlgaitgyrgsikdlveqvgcgslknkercfsqtsncssgcaqgqlasikdaavvnhgpvgcsaeiigtnvqtqmsqtinglkltnirvlntnmtesstvfggaeelrqgvreayrrfspkaifvttscasgiigddvksilaeleeelaipvipvlcegfrskvwasgfdaayhavltrivkppekkrpelvnlitfrsnlggfaaitkiftrfglvpqfvladktieelsrlseaaatisvcgtlggylgngleqhygvpfvkalqphgiagmdswlrelgkivgkekeieayiaeekerikpeleeirkklkgkkavigmgpsfshsyvrvlqelgieilwaaawhfdqhydhgsipeatlelasrrddisisiadqqnfemlnllkklkpdiyisrhpglsvwstklgipslmvadvytalgyegtvefgyriidtlannslarnlseritlpysnwwfeqnsftfledeefag
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._16.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 16.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevssefeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._16.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 16.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevssefeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Paludibacter_propionicigenes_WB4  coded_by=1693014..1694648,organism=Paludibacter propionicigenes WB4,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgktlidelemskfteevvkaypkkvakkrsksivindpdsipqiqsnvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtradkpemdnfipytfstdmqdsnivfggeeklkvaireavelfnpkgiaifstcpvgligddvhrvarqmkeefpgvnifgfscegyrgvsqsaghhiannglykhligrndnptrkykyavnvlgeyniggdafviedlferigvdiiatmsgnstleqfetahtadfslvmchrsinyvaemletsfgipwakanfigaeataktlrkvgqyfgdqelidrieeviademkavnaaiekaraktegktammfvggsrahhyqelfselgmetlvagyefghrddyegrrviptiqidadsrnieeitvypdptrykprkteeelaqlreafdiefneykgmmndmkkgtlviddlshyemeklielykpdvfcagikekyvvqkmgipmkqlhnydnggpyaafegainfykdiemiacstifkqmkapwereevleaeyvfn
>Clostridium_lentocellum_DSM_5427  coded_by=554404..556014,organism=Clostridium lentocellum DSM 5427,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
masdlrekvlekysarvyknrkehviaigegnpdtitantraipgiitqrgccyagckgvvlgpikdaaiivhgpigcafyawgtrrhkafadekdgekadcyleycfstdmqepdivfggekklkqaitevidifhpaivlicstcpvgligddihavakwteaefgtkaiafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqliryiigtgdkepktqysvnllgeyniggdgweverllkrcgievvsvftgggsyrdlknshlahlnlvqchrsinyvaemmqdkygidwlkvnfvgiessakslrdigeyfgdeelkarieeviadeiaaitdeldyyksklkgksaalyvggsrshhyqlllkdfgvrtvlagyefahrddyegrevipdikpdadskniesievepdpkyykvlltqeqkekllekgvalnyyegmfkgmeegaiitddlnhfeteeflkvlkpdvffsgikdkfvtqkngmlsrqlhsydysgpyagfrgaitfghdlvmglytpawsyirapwqkvpsiqgtlggea
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS8_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS8_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklvdelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS20_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS20_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklvdelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Treponema_sp._JC4  coded_by=complement(184429..185886),organism=Treponema sp. JC4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mafdlsttevsireirlksvnsfngdlqtilsktrdgsikncercfsqnktclsmmvmdqissirnvtvvyhspigcgaliprwtafysvlaseigkkwntnyvctninesdtvfgaskklketvqeaynrypseaifictgcvtgiigedidsvadefskklpipvipvhcegikskvwatgfditdhivlkhivkapeqkrniinyrhfgfgeavkpfinrvfkrfdveplylypnstieelshiseslatvsccgvvstylgnaleelyhvpyvktvspngmkdfdtwirdiakilhkeeiaediireerekflpkieelkkqfegktaviaagpgftyevarvlgeigitvldaiswhhdskyddqklpdtltqfektqpdmkvsiidlqnheliniinkekpdiyicrhegtrpfvtklgipvvqlndefqmfgyeglynfarsiadlfnnkslvenlknhcklpytswwleqehnkfys
>Azotobacter_chroococcum_NCIMB_8003  coded_by=149024..150433,organism=Azotobacter chroococcum NCIMB 8003,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacehnkkeksgcskpkpgataggcafdgaqiallpivdvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpdlyrigmttdltendvimgraekrlfhsirqavetyappavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaaaerfdtpvvpvdcagfygsknlgnriageamlkhvigtrepdplpegserpgikvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelgirvlctlagdaryrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqetygtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarlikdpdltartealiareeakvraalepwrerlsgkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmkvvatgtrksteedkarirelmgddvrmldegspkillqtvedykadiliaggrnlytslkgrvpfldinqerefgyagydgmielvrqlcltiespvweatrspapwdsngypqpvktga
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._8.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 8.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._8.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 8.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._8.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 8.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._7.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 7.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._6.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 6.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._6.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 6.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._6.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 6.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._6.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 6.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._6.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 6.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5.6  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5.6,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._4.6  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 4.6,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._4.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 4.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._4.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 4.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._4.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 4.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._4.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 4.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._4.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 4.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._3.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 3.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._3.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 3.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._3.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 3.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._3.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 3.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._3.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 3.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._2.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 2.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._2.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 2.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._2.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 2.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._1.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 1.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._1.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 1.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._1.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 1.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._1.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 1.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>uncultured_Desulfobacterium_sp.  coded_by=complement(129200..130570),organism=uncultured Desulfobacterium sp.,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mettapvifeerenqihrkgetpfnidcnrdslagaisqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqekdvifggekklykalnelidlhgpnaafvystcivgiigddleavcrkvseekkipvipvqseglkgnkregynaackalfrlvgtgetdnispyslnilgdfnlageiwlirdyfkrmgvevvanitgdgriadikrahgaklnvvqcsgstmdlakmmeetygiphlrvsyfgvedmaqalydvanffgdkemiektkelvkdelkvlypelkkfkkalegkkaaiyvggsfkafslvkalrhlgmkvvmvgsqtgtkedyaeleqitdpgtiivddtnplelsqfikekgvdlfiggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkiglegfegmlnfakevfntvmspvwrfvprnttgdvknv
>Thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum_M0795  coded_by=complement(1536672..1538054),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum M0795,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mpesqifdkdgsafsniqessciqqvryacsigalysasaiprvvpithcgpgcadkqfmsiafyngfqgggygggavvpstnlteqevvfgginrlreliastlkildadlyvvltgcipdivgddvgsvvkefqekgipivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtnaiidqyvgdydgpkekglvnvwsllpyhntfwrgdlteikrilegiglkvnilfgpksqgvsewkkipkaqfnlvlspwlglktakhlkekydqpylhvpvipigaketgeflhkvmefagirsgdaerfikeeesdyyhyleefsdfyseywwglpakfavigdsaynlaltkfltnqlglipskqiitenppeeyrdkireqyrklaedvstdvefeqdsytihqkirqtdfgykppiifgttwerdlakelkgslievgfpssyevvlsrsyigyrgaltllekiystvisasa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._poc3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. poc3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiapdkapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pog5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pog5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiapdkapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pog17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pog17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiapdkapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Cp5.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Cp5.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiapdkapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mm18.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mm18.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiapdkapsfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Crj-1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Crj-1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklnpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Pelodictyon_phaeoclathratiforme_BU-1  coded_by=2041617..2042978,organism=Pelodictyon phaeoclathratiforme BU-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqisilegrqkqifekkkgvpqadiacdtsslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadaihlvhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfstdlqemdviyggekklyhslielieqykpkaafiystcivgligddidavckkvaketgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaachalmkligtgsteeiskysinilgefnlageawiirkyyekmgievvatltgdgridavrrahgatlnvvqcsgsmtwlakemeekygipyirvsyfgiedmskslydvakyfpdrpdimeaakqvvseevktlypslqkfkkaltgkkaaiyvggafktfslikalrsigmsvvlagsqtgdkndyarlkemcdegtvivddsnpvelskfilekeadlliggvkerpiafklgigfcdhnherkiplagfegmynfalevyqsvmspvwqfaprkggtl
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=298038..299507,organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=Nitrogenase
mpfnfknanvgvrenrlgsitgfsgdletlahrsqcgsvknrercfsqsssclsgcaldqlisirnvavvyhapagcvalaqgedvkfrqlaerinektnsvyvctdlnendtvfgaiealrkatqytyekfhpeaiflssscvsgvigedvdgladeladeydipiipihcegfksriwasgfdiadhavlqgivkppekknnkiifknffesarpqitelfkeigaepqfvycnstveelshlseaqamvcicgtlgtylgnaleetygvpyvrtinpngitgfetwfraigktigkeaeveryierqraiylpqieevkrelkglravigmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvhglawhydykydngqippalehllktspkglkltvadqqnyevmsvlnyhkpdiyfsrhpgstvwaikqgyaalfvadeymifgyegtlnfaksildtiknrsfekslaariklpytkwwyeqdtdkflkpegar
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=1333057..1334526,organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpfnfknanvgvrenrlgsitgfsgdletlahrsqcgsvknrercfsqsssclsgcaldqlisirnvavvyhapagcvalaqgedvkfrqlaerinektnsvyvctdlnendtvfgaiealrkatqytyekfhpeaiflssscvsgvigedvdgladeladeydipiipihcegfksriwasgfdiadhavlqgivkppekknnkiifknffesarpqitelfkeigaepqfvycnstveelshlseaqamvcicgtlgtylgnaleetygvpyvrtinpngitgfetwfraigktigkeaeveryierqraiylpqieevkrelkglravigmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvhglawhydykydngqippalehllktspkglkltvadqqnyevmsvlnyhkpdiyfsrhpgstvwaikqgyaalfvadeymifgyegtlnfaksildtiknrsfekslaariklpytkwwyeqdtdkflkpegar
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=1779774..1781243,organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=putative nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
mpfnfknanvgvrenrlgsitgfsgdletlahrsqcgsvknrercfsqsssclsgcaldqlisirnvavvyhapagcvalaqgedvkfrqlaerinektnsvyvctdlnendtvfgaiealrkatqytyekfhpeaiflssscvsgvigedvdgladeladeydipiipihcegfksriwasgfdiadhavlqgivkppekknnkiifknffesarpqitelfkeigaepqfvycnstveelshlseaqamvcicgtlgtylgnaleetygvpyvrtinpngitgfetwfraigktigkeaeveryierqraiylpqieevkrelkglravigmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvhglawhydykydngqippalehllktspkglkltvadqqnyevmsvlnyhkpdiyfsrhpgstvwaikqgyaalfvadeymifgyegtlnfaksildtiknrsfekslaariklpytkwwyeqdtdkflkpegar
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR491  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR491,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pekivkrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnqgisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitperepkfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Methylosinus_trichosporium_OB3b  coded_by=complement(19508..21037),organism=Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mprnpllpkpqkkpirwrigtlkgtigvpsmaaapplaaveesrephykkdprgrkpkspaktrptrdlrrdsgrvdtidawtppsypnagkidfcsdgllghtvaswasaldmvpldhgpvgcgaygqtmrltapgyvqgiesfsalhactdlraedigdagdrrlaraideiaelfplargivvaseepmpalgaditgiakakmaeqrklilplngyrswavetaaalrsaellhplttssgkrvvlpysreatalvwivskllmeiglepvhemtqssaidlarvsdcklvigfaskvgaleeqlrggyadllqrwfatpivwtcfespsttsaslraiakrfdrgvarrvdaaivkgealvahtidryrprlegklvlffrpmteaqlepyrllglrigdasgwtgktgkqrtprlkcdddhpderaidsyiseakpdlvlhfgngetrgeyewrkrgqvalpfspffdrkgnafwgydgfaclaaaldramnatwrdlvqppw
>Desulfotomaculum_gibsoniae_DSM_7213  coded_by=complement(99016..100656),organism=Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae DSM 7213,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maisekileeilnkypakvkrnrkkhivirdpqqdrqeieantrtipgivtnrgcafagckgvvlgplkdmvhivhgpvgcgyyswltrrnkaktdepnknflaycvstdmqesdivfggekklarmidevveifkpngitisatcpvgligddiqavaraarakhslnitayscegykgvsqsaghhiannglmenivgegqmeeppgrytinilgeyniggdswevervltdigydvqavmtgngsyaklknahvaqlnlvqchrsinyiadmlqikygtpwlkvnfigiratieslrnmaryfgdeslitrteevierelaeiepqlepyrkicsgkiafcfvggsrghhyqglyeelgvttvlagyefahrddyegrdvlphlktdadsknipelhvtpdenryrlkipadrlealkqelplnnykgmisdmtegsivvddlnhyeteefikifkpdifssgikdkyipqkmgiptkqlhnydysgpyagfrgavnfardvamgfatptwnyitppwkgkpllegtiepcsadpgvkevgav
>Desulfotomaculum_gibsoniae_DSM_7213  coded_by=complement(2457949..2459589),organism=Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae DSM 7213,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maisekileeilnkypakvkrnrkkhivirdpqqdrqeieantrtipgivtnrgcafagckgvvlgplkdmvhivhgpvgcgyyswltrrnkaktdepnknflaycvstdmqesdivfggekklarmidevveifkpngitisatcpvgligddiqavaraarakhslnitayscegykgvsqsaghhiannglmenivgegqmeeppgrytinilgeyniggdswevervltdigydvqavmtgngsyaklknahvaqlnlvqchrsinyiadmlqikygtpwlkvnfigiratieslrnmaryfgdeslitrteevierelaeiepqlepyrkicsgkiafcfvggsrghhyqglyeelgvttvlagyefahrddyegrdvlphlktdadsknipelhvtpdenryrlkipadrlealkqelplnnykgmisdmtegsivvddlnhyeteefikifkpdifssgikdkyipqkmgiptkqlhnydysgpyagfrgavnfardvamgfatptwnyitppwkgkpllegtiepcsadpgvkevgav
>Paenibacillus_abekawaensis  coded_by=2158..3615,organism=Paenibacillus abekawaensis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mgldieankklveelleiypkkarkdrekhyqinteesktcgtcglksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqvtsdfqetdivfggdkklevimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmakeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvlgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlnefqiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaalfdekiqencekmiakykpqmdaiinkyrprleskkvllmigglrsrhtigayedlgmeivasgyefahkddyertfpmmpegaiimddptayeleelaqkldvdlvasgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnnpvwnmiskknkvqaegasi
>Clostridium_sp._MSTE9  coded_by=6819..8156,organism=Clostridium sp. MSTE9,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
msgiieqerytcaigalqsvvaipravpilhsgpgcgnmiqgfferstgyaggstspctnftekevvfggtdrlreniantykildtdlqvvltgctagivgddiepvveefredgkpivsvetagfkcsnfeahslvvnavidqyvsrfeeenpfrsekntvnlfaslpyqdpfwkgnlreykrllegiglsvhvlfgpesggvrewqqipkanfnilvspwyglpiaehleevygqpftqypnipiganeterflrqvlafaneqgaeldldaaekfirqereayyeeidnlatfllefryglpnhvhivhdagyvlglskfllhevgivpkeqfavdntpkrfqeqiaaelqstsdkkvipltfepdagkvqdtirslhhggrgliigsgwdkelarekdydflsasvptpyrlvmttnyvgfsgglrviediygtvlatyr
>Clostridium_scatologenes  coded_by=297988..299316,organism=Clostridium scatologenes,definition=NifK4
makvieqprhyctlgaqqsviaikgaipilhsgpgcgvklfrglsddsgyqgtgysgggtipctnstekevvfggenrlrevidgtlkvlkgelfavltgctsdivgddvgqivrdykdrgipivyaetggfkgtnfkgheivikaiidqylgekipnvkkglvnvwtsvpyqdtfwsgnlsqikyllesiglkvnilfgpesggvkewstipdaefnlvvspwvgiktaellkkkygtpylhypvppigaretskflrrvaevldlnsdkvenfikkeeenfyyylersadfflefrysipgrffnitdsfyalgisqfllnelgiipgeqyitdaapekyqkdikdefdsisptrkfevifeedggkihdrlrkynhgthiplilgsswdrdivrelngfginialpvmhrlvlnggylgyngglrliediygniletyk
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=complement(2887882..2889279),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=V-nitrogenase VFe protein subunit VnfD precursor
mplklfccdeciperqnhvyikeegedttqylplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaikeafkefpeikrmfvyttcttaligddpkavcreveeelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeikseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqkyfdkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyvkvalrkigaffgledkaeeviaeevakyegklnwykerlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevldnihadiiftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmyngiyspmwslagkdprvvqel
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Wiesmoor  coded_by=3176458..3177855,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Wiesmoor,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
mplklfccdeciperqnhvyikeegedttqylplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaikeafkefpeikrmfvyttcttaligddpkavcreveeelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeikseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqkyfdkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyvkvalrkigaffgledkaeeviaeevakyegklnwykerlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevldnihadiiftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmyngiyspmwslagkdprvvqel
>Spirochaeta_thermophila_DSM_6192  coded_by=complement(424491..425444),organism=Spirochaeta thermophila DSM 6192,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpqggtrerntglsralggiqghqerwipgrlrcalqdrllggerptlpcsiniigefniagetwlirryyeemgirvvstitgdssieeiaqagsaalnvvqcsgsttllakkmeeryaipfirvsyfgvedtaealyqvarffepsapgmltrtrelvaskvsevyaeleryrrdlegsraaiyvggafkafslikalrllgistpvvgsqtgsredyetiagiceegtvilddsnpaelahflkekdvhlliggvkerplsyklgvafcdhnherklplagfegmvnfarevhaslmspvwrlfregvdhgsvl
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0402  coded_by=11544..12980,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0402,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
matveenkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegksdcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtinftsdfqekdivfggdkklakivdeieelfplnggisvqsecpvgligddiegvarqksketgkgiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpaaekeglefeetpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtftemkvtpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaeslraiaarfdetiqekaeevikkyqqqcddilakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmemigtgyefahgddykrtshyvndatliyddvtayefeefvktlkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwglvgtpwnk
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0003  coded_by=9865..11301,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0003,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
matveenkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegksdcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtinftsdfqekdivfggdkklakivdeieelfplnggisvqsecpvgligddiegvarqksketgkgiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpaaekeglefeetpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtftemkvtpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaeslraiaarfdetiqekaeevikkyqqqcddilakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmemigtgyefahgddykrtshyvndatliyddvtayefeefvktlkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwglvgtpwnk
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0401  coded_by=complement(15281..16717),organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0401,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
matveenkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegksdcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtinftsdfqekdivfggdkklakivdeieelfplnggisvqsecpvgligddiegvarqksketgkgiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpaaekeglefeetpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtftemkvtpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaeslraiaarfdetiqekaeevikkyqqqcddilakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmemigtgyefahgddykrtshyvndatliyddvtayefeefvktlkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwglvgtpwnk
>Sinorhizobium_americanum_CCGM7  coded_by=complement(46499..48022),organism=Sinorhizobium americanum CCGM7,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
melkagamspltvkindvfdepaceknrskdakarqkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfraireikeqyappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvntpgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepdnigpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldvasahraraammvcstalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvkkgadseilartealieieeaiawkkleayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqifkdenhmfesmsarelydmlsegnadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapweyqpveeeelpgtqsgpetlhdferaslqqptvsasvevsr
>Rhodobacter_sp._AKP1  coded_by=complement(36317..37900),organism=Rhodobacter sp. AKP1,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperkqhavmkapgedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdnenfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpeikrmtiyatcataligddidaiakevmaergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtiepeylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyfnrmgihvlstftgngtydglrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprldidgfgfqpladslrkvalffgiedraeaiiaeeyarwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvldeemgvkivsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgdgalaiddpnelesveaikmlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkqgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlalvdisqpdaaitsgfrtakmnadttlpdevkfdtrlqqytgkydsiaeirarnlayaadqkalraaeraaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cmw2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cmw2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdsapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC440B00  coded_by=84341..85831,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC440B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkvgcsrpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkgireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpaageelprtksenvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC440A00  coded_by=complement(15320..16810),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC440A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkvgcsrpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkgireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpaageelprtksenvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C085B000  coded_by=75689..77191,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C085B000,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrrkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvegviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC414A00  coded_by=complement(12732..14234),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC414A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrrkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvegviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=821854..823320,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifD1
mginikspeveiresrlgsitgfagtarelcnrskgkrlcdrrrsfsqclgcnsgyslcqlimiqdsvvinhapigccadlpdfnftnrvgqikrnlplrnarllntnltekdtiyggeeklrktikeaykrfkpnaifvttscasgiigddvevvtneaekelgipivfvacegfrskiwttgfdaayhailrkivkppvnkredlvnvinfwgtdiftelfgriglkpnyivpfstiaqlekiseaaatvqicptlgtylaagleqeygvpevkappayglkgtdlwfrelgrvtgkekeveeliksereriapklkelrsklkgkrvyitagaahghsliallkelhmevagaaifhhdpccdnkdprseslphvvknygdvknfnvcnkqpfelvnvlnrlkpdlfiarhggmaawgpklgiptflmgdeqfglgyqgllnygdkiigvlltkefvtniaahsklpytdwwlkqdpytflggdi
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=821829..823295,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mginikspeveiresrlgsitgfagtarelcnrskgkrlcdrrrsfsqclgcnsgyslcqlimiqdsvvinhapigccadlpdfnftnrvgqikrnlplrnarllntnltekdtiyggeeklrktikeaykrfkpnaifvttscasgiigddvevvtneaekelgipivfvacegfrskiwttgfdaayhailrkivkppvnkredlvnvinfwgtdiftelfgriglkpnyivpfstiaqlekiseaaatvqicptlgtylaagleqeygvpevkappayglkgtdlwfrelgrvtgkekeveeliksereriapklkelrsklkgkrvyitagaahghsliallkelhmevagaaifhhdpccdnkdprseslphvvknygdvknfnvcnkqpfelvnvlnrlkpdlfiarhggmaawgpklgiptflmgdeqfglgyqgllnygdkiigvlltkefvtniaahsklpytdwwlkqdpytflggdi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfs4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfs4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskceptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvr1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvr1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskceptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_tyrobutyricum_DIVETGP  coded_by=206198..207763,organism=Clostridium tyrobutyricum DIVETGP,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgrvkkinldlvdvenrekrlgtitawdgtasslvkesdyqvralrrekkcsgkngsgcrlcelkmpfnqqtmcsqsivacqvgnipdailiehssigcsaahprfnvgyriglmrrgkkiqniqvvstnllekdmvfgasqklkqsiqdawerfrpkaifisaacataligedivsvaknaedelgipviplacegfrskhwstgfdisqhgilrqivnknpkkqknlinivalwgtdyfsemlnpiglrvnymidmatvdelkqaseaaasatfcytlgsymaaaleqeygvpeikapqpygfigtdtwlreigkivhkenevekfiekehkrvhpkidelkekfkgikgfvatgsayshgiisvlkelgievdgsvvfhhdpvydsgddrqdtlkhlvdnygdvehftvsktqqfqfygllrrvkpdfiiirhnglaplaakvgipafalgdehlpfgyegiirlgeallevlahkkfgqnlsrhvklpytkwwldqqdpfilakhpeildekekqev
>Methanosarcina_thermophila_CHTI-55  coded_by=complement(791514..793058),organism=Methanosarcina thermophila CHTI-55,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
msgteltenklieeridlsratcpnreqrasginvwygkasdlvkearsgclrqrernfqqssgcvlnfylsvrigtirdavaiyhapvgcssaalgyrelyrhvpvelgrpanydlhwmttnlgekdvvygagdklaaaikeaerrynpkaifiltsctsgiigediegvvaqvqpeikativpihcegsrsklvqtgydafwhavlkyltkkpekkqndlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkiglrvnfvpefasveqfeqlseaavtaplcptytdylarglkqeygvpyflypspmgiantdewlreigrhtgkekevealieeehkkwlpklkaikhefenfkgngekvevlgalgqgrllaqvpyfdelglkssaamcqdfdnlilqdlerllsqvgdfdilvntfqaaeqthitnhrnpdiamtcpfqggafkrdkgvtrvhalrsdahpwsaqsgytgaiafgnfllqslkshsyqrtmkektqstykdwwykqpnplyylkaed
>Methanosarcina_thermophila_TM-1  coded_by=113837..115381,organism=Methanosarcina thermophila TM-1,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
msgteltenklieeridlsratcpnreqrasginvwygkasdlvkearsgclrqrernfqqssgcvlnfylsvrigtirdavaiyhapvgcssaalgyrelyrhvpvelgrpanydlhwmttnlgekdvvygagdklaaaikeaerrynpkaifiltsctsgiigediegvvaqvqpeikativpihcegsrsklvqtgydafwhavlkyltkkpekkqndlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkiglrvnfvpefasveqfeqlseaavtaplcptytdylarglkqeygvpyflypspmgiantdewlreigrhtgkekevealieeehkkwlpklkaikhefenfkgngekvevlgalgqgrllaqvpyfdelglkssaamcqdfdnlilqdlerllsqvgdfdilvntfqaaeqthitnhrnpdiamtcpfqggafkrdkgvtrvhalrsdahpwsaqsgytgaiafgnfllqslkshsyqrtmkektqstykdwwykqpnplyylkaed
>Clostridium_butyricum_DORA_1  coded_by=complement(140106..141695),organism=Clostridium butyricum DORA_1,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain
mskidrvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsdqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkdpekfkiyrteeeieelkkeiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktesvlegklggee
>Ruminococcus_albus_7_=_DSM_20455  coded_by=complement(2742022..2743491),organism=Ruminococcus albus 7 = DSM 20455,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskvnlnipeveireirlnsitgfqgtakelvdacaacggkmkdknrsfsqclgcgtsnaactltliqdaaiishgpvgcstclhefaftyrvnaylrqlehptqrkiystnleekdtiygggkkleaairevhkrakpsaifvittcaagiigddvesvtnaaqkelgipvvavfcegfrskmwtsgfdagyhgiarkiikparqkrniinvinfwgsdifrewfaefgyepnyitpfatvdslsysseaaltvqacstlgsylgaaleqgfgvpeirnsppygiaqtdrwfrelgqiigkekeveeflarkkaeympkiealreklkgktayvtagashghsllallkelgmepqgaaifhhdpqydnederadtlshtvadygdvpnynvcnkqefelvnvlnrikpdillarhggmtlwgaklgipsllvgdehfgmgyeglvnygeriletiendefvknlakhstnpytkwwleqepytflgk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DcE3.6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DcE3.6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drjj1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drjj1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drwr8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drwr8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dc15  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dc15,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dc11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dc11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dc4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dc4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dekt3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dekt3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dekt2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dekt2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dekt1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dekt1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcmp3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcmp3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcmp1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcmp1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpmp5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpmp5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpa8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpa8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpa3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpa3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpa1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpa1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklideveelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Paenibacillus_odorifer  coded_by=complement(5573707..5575170),organism=Paenibacillus odorifer,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglniednqkmleeilevypekarkdrqkhfeinneelincgkcaiksnmksrpgvmtqrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqvtsdfqetdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisiqsecpvgligddieavskkmsielglpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgkkelaecgpydiniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelaiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvttmekaygipwleynffgptktaeslraiaarfdeyiqencekviakytpqmeaiiskfkprlegkkvmllvgglrarhtlgayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddyektfpelpegtiiyddptayeleelaqrldidlmgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfkifakdmdmtinspvwslinsgktgslpkkeagv
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_H8-237  coded_by=complement(19305..20768),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL H8-237,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglniednqkmleeilevypekarkdrqkhfeinneelincgkcaiksnmksrpgvmtqrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqvtsdfqetdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisiqsecpvgligddieavskkmsielglpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgkkelaecgpydiniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelaiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvttmekaygipwleynffgptktaeslraiaarfdeyiqencekviakytpqmeaiiskfkprlegkkvmllvgglrarhtlgayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddyektfpelpegtiiyddptayeleelaqrldidlmgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfkifakdmdmtinspvwslinsgktgslpkkeagv
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis_str._HAMBI_540  coded_by=1085927..1087357,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis str. HAMBI 540,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsvnstpqdslsqplrkisggngakrpinlgaaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgsrlwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklfeaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivavcrsateefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgphdinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalinlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllvengadaelldraealisveenrawkrleiyraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialeakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmlqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapweqhrdanirehgerepdqiplqfgh
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=complement(25509..26939),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsvnstpqdslsqplrkisggngakrpinlgaaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgsrlwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklfeaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivavcrsateefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgphdinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalinlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllvengadaelldraealisveenrawkrleiyraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialeakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmlqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapweqhrdanirehgerepdqiplqfgh
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=complement(8136..9566),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsvnstpqdslsqplrkisggngakrpinlgaaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgsrlwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklfeaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivavcrsateefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgphdinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalinlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllvengadaelldraealisveenrawkrleiyraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialeakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmlqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapweqhrdanirehgerepdqiplqfgh
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=4783..6213,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsvnstpqdslsqplrkisggngakrpinlgaaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgsrlwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklfeaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivavcrsateefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgphdinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalinlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllvengadaelldraealisveenrawkrleiyraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialeakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmlqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapweqhrdanirehgerepdqiplqfgh
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=complement(8140..9570),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsvnstpqdslsqplrkisggngakrpinlgaaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgsrlwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklfeaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivavcrsateefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgphdinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalinlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllvengadaelldraealisveenrawkrleiyraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialeakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmlqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapweqhrdanirehgerepdqiplqfgh
>Scytonema_hofmanni_PCC_7110  coded_by=1..1491,organism=Scytonema hofmanni PCC 7110,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenknlieehkelikevlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprfdkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyinnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpslvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdialnsptwglidapwnkkeakakva
>Methanobacterium_formicicum_DSM_3637  coded_by=complement(512895..514709),organism=Methanobacterium formicicum DSM 3637,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mqknnkshhnpqkgdkevissldlqdikipkipkevistlksrkkhmcikregnestpacnqasvpgmvtqrscvyggarvvlmpitdaihlvhgplgcasctwdirgsrssgselyrngfstdlqekdivfggekklletivelnqlfkpaaifvyatcvvgligddiksvcreateitgsrvipvqsegfrsvnkslghqlacdamleyligteppqksiktsqksiktpqkkmdtleinipptntedppattdylinilgefnvagdfwamkpllekigvsiqavitgdsrvedianahlahlnlvqcqkssryladsmeerynipqvrvnffgveetskslrsiaeffndpvmmeateklieletsrirdaitpyrqrltgkkvavyvggnkawslirafeelgmevlmtgtqnglpedyqriketvrdgtlivddanamelarllekyqpdllvsgakekymslkmgvafcdfnhdrissfagfqgflnfarevdravsspvwkytaklkqgsvfnnptkypskssplintkatahskvsgckksnskvsdyketqfkvsnyketyceisackeksnsmkckksvkecssktkispevm
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_sp._BNL1100  coded_by=complement(2291354..2292709),organism=Clostridium sp. BNL1100,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msqignsyenqktnsisrprygcaigamytasaiprvvpithcgpgcadkqyvslafyngfqgggygggavppslnasenevvfggnerlkeliqastkvidadlfvvltgcipdlvgddvpsvvskfqekgvpivyaetggfkgnnytghelvtkaiidqyvgdykgqkkknvvnvwteipyqnpfwrgdlseikrslegiglkvnilfghsskgveewkeipkaqfnlvistwlgistakylegkygqpflhipvipigakatseflrkvsdfaglnlekteqfiqqeeklyykyledfsdfyaeywwgvpskfavvgessynlaitkflvnqlglipvkqivtenppeeyrdniikefvniaddvsvtplfledgylveqalinseekpsiilgttwdrdaakelggniveigfpasyevvlsranvgyrgalsliekiftvaisast
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lavp2b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lavp2b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gdr5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gdr5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gdr4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gdr4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12.1  coded_by=<1..>750,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
svheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Blastochloris_viridis  coded_by=complement(2642729..2644231),organism=Blastochloris viridis,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
msrdietdaaskekliedvlsaypdkfakrrrkhlavskspteaapdgesalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdlvhishgpvgcghysgsqrrnyyngttgvdafvtlhvtsdfqerdivfggdkklekiidelevmfplsrgitiqsecpvgligddieavakkknkeinktiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkkpiefegtpydvniigdyniggdawasrrlleeiglrvigmwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekhgvhwleynffgpsqiaaslrkiakefgpeieanaekviakyqpmvdallakfkprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvdaytdlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkagtliyddvtgyelekfvekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglftppwkksdekyleaae
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_892_str._F0426  coded_by=31098..32402,organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 892 str. F0426,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgievkrvgvrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvvfhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvhlspvplltsglgeneaifggedrlrecirfgaekyhpqavfianscvsgvigddtkaiaeemeeelgipvmavsahgfldgeyyagyldaaralvdrfmhpaerkpgtvallgdcggmhgeyvkelrrllalldlkvtaqfpsylaldemqavpeaeliillgrrmddekqaqlaalaehmherfdtpyladvyavgaeetktwlrrvgalchreeaaehaiaseeasfsavvekaradlagrrcglaigrdltwfqpeiilrllnkagvalsgivlldcfmparrevmeealrcltdvpiyyegdaaademlhaadfvltthelvdaklrqlflallpsvgwsmerrllddmrqilhrhesrggliyg
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC264A00  coded_by=7120..8622,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC264A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyylgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=complement(4036755..4038149),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
mndtlppkeklhrqgtrypplaagcppfdlppwnrglnrmqtgrqaighclyggqtatlwapvrdllhithgpvgcgvyaqanrpatpgpeglgrfsglnlctdflerdvvfggepklalaireaarlfplqrgmtllstcpvaligddigsvarrqqerlgtpvvavhcagfrrgegigdthatiadtwrdwarpsaapaaravtlfcremdgawrgivrllesigldvvarwpgggsrrsiarlgdsrlvvgidmeywvkllcrrtgqpwleadflgpgasaaslraiaahfddgvraaaealiasqageararldacrerlagrlylslapvrprdaqafaeagirvgsalqgwpeadgrwrlperplryqemspeqvdallararpdlldglgqdgplwrrrgyavlddqaraelnrtaigfagterlarllqrlfdsplrkcippwgesgsrpagpndp
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=complement(4036767..4038161),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
mndtlppkeklhrqgtrypplaagcppfdlppwnrglnrmqtgrqaighclyggqtatlwapvrdllhithgpvgcgvyaqanrpatpgpeglgrfsglnlctdflerdvvfggepklalaireaarlfplqrgmtllstcpvaligddigsvarrqqerlgtpvvavhcagfrrgegigdthatiadtwrdwarpsaapaaravtlfcremdgawrgivrllesigldvvarwpgggsrrsiarlgdsrlvvgidmeywvkllcrrtgqpwleadflgpgasaaslraiaahfddgvraaaealiasqageararldacrerlagrlylslapvrprdaqafaeagirvgsalqgwpeadgrwrlperplryqemspeqvdallararpdlldglgqdgplwrrrgyavlddqaraelnrtaigfagterlarllqrlfdsplrkcippwgesgsrpagpndp
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=complement(4036756..4038150),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
mndtlppkeklhrqgtrypplaagcppfdlppwnrglnrmqtgrqaighclyggqtatlwapvrdllhithgpvgcgvyaqanrpatpgpeglgrfsglnlctdflerdvvfggepklalaireaarlfplqrgmtllstcpvaligddigsvarrqqerlgtpvvavhcagfrrgegigdthatiadtwrdwarpsaapaaravtlfcremdgawrgivrllesigldvvarwpgggsrrsiarlgdsrlvvgidmeywvkllcrrtgqpwleadflgpgasaaslraiaahfddgvraaaealiasqageararldacrerlagrlylslapvrprdaqafaeagirvgsalqgwpeadgrwrlperplryqemspeqvdallararpdlldglgqdgplwrrrgyavlddqaraelnrtaigfagterlarllqrlfdsplrkcippwgesgsrpagpndp
>Candidatus_Azobacteroides_pseudotrichonymphae_genomovar._CFP2  coded_by=787623..788966,organism=Candidatus Azobacteroides pseudotrichonymphae genomovar. CFP2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msfflqerkeqiftkgvdsfdlvggkpslagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypivdalhvvhgpigcaaytwdirgsmssglelyrssfstdlrerhvifggekrlfqtlmglieryspeavfvystcivgligddirsicsqvervknvpvipvmsegfqgtkkdgykiacdalatlvgtnngkevspysinilgdfnlagelwiltdyyrkigvqvlasltgdgrvkdiqnahraalnvvqcsgsmihlarimkdrynipfikvsyfgiedmsdalyevakffrceklmenarslvkneltkmfpllesyqralcgtkaaiyvggafkaislvkalrligvktviagtqtgsvedyellkticddgcilvddsnpielsefvkqtganlfiggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherklalagyegmlnfakevyetisspvwqfvnsfesk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR481  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR481,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR479  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR479,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Moorella_glycerini  coded_by=complement(42108..43490),organism=Moorella glycerini,definition=Nitrogenase/oxidoreductase, component 1
mlietmperaghlepanlpacerrtlpgvisqracllygarwmlaairdavhlihgpvgcayysqtvrqkiykvfstdlgekeiifgggekleeaireavslfprssavlvyttcaagligedveaickqaaaalglpvvpvncpgfggvsqgdghdvaaaallehfigrgsagtplensvnilgefdvqgdlkeieqllqrlglniicavsgratmenmararrarlnivhcgrtgrwlarrmeerfgipwrkvsffgldataaalqaiaaffnrpeeaawvekeaeaarqralpylgrlagkrvalffgasrmgsmagafrelgmevvlcgsqfgcqedytdsrrclgrgtpliddahqreleefwhryrpdllvggtrerfvahkiglpflvfpqetspyagfngfvhlareaaalvgapvwrlsknellreegeekmaeyvrcvergkkengrssl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(24465..25922),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
menrkkefcyddsiideclelvdkkeekenidykpvvqkknlkvieqreesiyynkksedggcggdfkcdtasvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlrekdvifggekklsaaideivaekhpkvifvystcivgvigddtdavckaaeekygirvipvkspgfagskstgykaacdalmklmgdkttdekidginflgdfnlageiwivtnylkkfgidvvakltgdssydeimnapkaklnivqcagsmmylakmmekkfgipyikvsfygvedtknsllkiadilgneekvkkakqfvleeeskieneldyyrdrlkgkkaaifvggafkaislikqfrnlgmetvmvgtqtgkkddyeiiesittegtvilddanpyelekfileqgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalsgyvgslnfakeidltinspvwdyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1530254..1531711,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
menrkkefcyddsiideclelvdkkeekenidykpvvqkknlkvieqreesiyynkksedggcggdfkcdtasvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlrekdvifggekklsaaideivaekhpkvifvystcivgvigddtdavckaaeekygirvipvkspgfagskstgykaacdalmklmgdkttdekidginflgdfnlageiwivtnylkkfgidvvakltgdssydeimnapkaklnivqcagsmmylakmmekkfgipyikvsfygvedtknsllkiadilgneekvkkakqfvleeeskieneldyyrdrlkgkkaaifvggafkaislikqfrnlgmetvmvgtqtgkkddyeiiesittegtvilddanpyelekfileqgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalsgyvgslnfakeidltinspvwdyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(1893579..1895036),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
menrkkefcyddsiideclelvdkkeekenidykpvvqkknlkvieqreesiyynkksedggcggdfkcdtasvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlrekdvifggekklsaaideivaekhpkvifvystcivgvigddtdavckaaeekygirvipvkspgfagskstgykaacdalmklmgdkttdekidginflgdfnlageiwivtnylkkfgidvvakltgdssydeimnapkaklnivqcagsmmylakmmekkfgipyikvsfygvedtknsllkiadilgneekvkkakqfvleeeskieneldyyrdrlkgkkaaifvggafkaislikqfrnlgmetvmvgtqtgkkddyeiiesittegtvilddanpyelekfileqgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalsgyvgslnfakeidltinspvwdyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1530254..1531711,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
menrkkefcyddsiideclelvdkkeekenidykpvvqkknlkvieqreesiyynkksedggcggdfkcdtasvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlrekdvifggekklsaaideivaekhpkvifvystcivgvigddtdavckaaeekygirvipvkspgfagskstgykaacdalmklmgdkttdekidginflgdfnlageiwivtnylkkfgidvvakltgdssydeimnapkaklnivqcagsmmylakmmekkfgipyikvsfygvedtknsllkiadilgneekvkkakqfvleeeskieneldyyrdrlkgkkaaifvggafkaislikqfrnlgmetvmvgtqtgkkddyeiiesittegtvilddanpyelekfileqgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalsgyvgslnfakeidltinspvwdyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(28407..29864),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
menrkkefcyddsiideclelvdkkeekenidykpvvqkknlkvieqreesiyynkksedggcggdfkcdtasvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlrekdvifggekklsaaideivaekhpkvifvystcivgvigddtdavckaaeekygirvipvkspgfagskstgykaacdalmklmgdkttdekidginflgdfnlageiwivtnylkkfgidvvakltgdssydeimnapkaklnivqcagsmmylakmmekkfgipyikvsfygvedtknsllkiadilgneekvkkakqfvleeeskieneldyyrdrlkgkkaaifvggafkaislikqfrnlgmetvmvgtqtgkkddyeiiesittegtvilddanpyelekfileqgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalsgyvgslnfakeidltinspvwdyv
>Methanosarcina_sp._Kolksee  coded_by=complement(2872163..2873503),organism=Methanosarcina sp. Kolksee,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mydelkfdncnhskdpmvgcalegatgvlagikdisivihspqgcsstvsaaydvheidftkrkvactrlfetdvvmgassklkklieeadskfktraifvvgtcaadiigedieglcrniqpqinakliplmaggfrgnlydgielglnalfpfirrqeekipdsvnliapqanlnptwwadlkwvretlekigikvqavlphdtsleeldnaglasanillshdagykfglkmqevhgiplilsdiplpiglkntarwlravgnyfgveekveaiikdgedmaidvlrrrglmmipryrncrvaisadatmgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrspvsdsqlllenelidmgispkvvfsadgyqikqslsencvdavfgssweyylaeelgikfvfdvfnptnrqnylnrayfgyegmlnflenvandwemalrskhinweeyl
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=complement(1477747..1479084),organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msgyierpryqcalggalatissidravaivhsapgcsssadsaanvgsgywgatycggrstpstnilekeiifggenrlreqiestlsiidgdlfavitgcmtdiigddvvsvtetfrndgkniivaetggfkgnsstgydlileaifaqfterglekdpkvvnilglvpsqdvfwrgnltelkrilnelgieantfftpfdnvdslktaskaslnivlskvhgiraaeafeaihgtpyislplpigptateeflrelgksleickdkvdkvinkekawyynyihsltdlyndldlqryaivigdsnygyaitrfvcddlgwipsytaitdiltdeqketvkkqfdylpedlrpklifeestskiakliledlksipseynhainpafvlgstldrtlaaelkagffgisypivnrvitdqsyigyrgglrlatdlfsvilsnr
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_WS8N  coded_by=complement(1682180..1683661),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides WS8N,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdiadsaetnmklieevlaaypdkarkkrakhlnvaapvaeaepglqskcdnvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmlhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgttgvdsfvtmqvttdfqendivfggdkklektidelnmlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkakdigkrvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvleagegaragyepgpydvniigdyniggdawssrilleeiglnviaqwsgdatiaemerapaaklnlihcyrsmsyicrhmeenhgvpwmeynffgpsqiaaslraiaakfddriqanaeaviakyqplvdavnakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddykrtghyikegtlifddvsgyelekfveairpdlvgsgikekyntqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgyaifardmdlainnpvwgmfdapwkkta
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_2.4.1  coded_by=complement(2276803..2278284),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides 2.4.1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
makdiadsaetnmklieevlaaypdkarkkrakhlnvaapvaeaepglqskcdnvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmlhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgttgvdsfvtmqvttdfqendivfggdkklektidelnmlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkakdigkrvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvleagegaragyepgpydvniigdyniggdawssrilleeiglnviaqwsgdatiaemerapaaklnlihcyrsmsyicrhmeenhgvpwmeynffgpsqiaaslraiaakfddriqanaeaviakyqplvdavnakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddykrtghyikegtlifddvsgyelekfveairpdlvgsgikekyntqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgyaifardmdlainnpvwgmfdapwkkta
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB18  coded_by=complement(4964308..4965978),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB18,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssladkiqdvfnepgcstntgkaakerkkgcskplqpgaaaggcafdgakialqpvtdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgvkssgsklyrtsfttdmsendvvfggekrlfksireiiekydppavfvyqtcvpammgddiaavckvasekfgkpcipiispgfvgpknlgnklageamldyvigtqepdyttpydiniigeynvagelwqvkplldelgirilsclsgdaryheiarshraraammvcstaminvarkmeerygipyfegsfygitdtsdslrqiarlliargadaelmdrveaviareearawealkaftprlqgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeaglsivgssvkkstkedkerlkemspdvhqiddlrpremykmlkeakadimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhyayagyvgiiemvrqidkalsnpvwqqvrmappwdevswedradaanaadaaalaadperaeaerrativckckeisvgtiedairshdltviaqvtqltqagggcgscketiaamlareaatatgapsvqva
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._SK-02  coded_by=4194..5687,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-02,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mseltreetealiqevlevypekarkdrakhlavndqsieqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklakligeiemlfplhkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkagkemdkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvldkrdgqafeatpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvsqwsgdgtlaeiektpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslraiaaqfddhikagaerviaryqpmmeaviakykprlqgktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmqvigtgyefahnddydrtikemgnatllyddatgfeleefikrmkpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgiplrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisnpcwskqtppwkkqpeaieaaedgalkkva
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._SK-02  coded_by=4194..5687,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-02,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mseltreetealiqevlevypekarkdrakhlavndqsieqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklakligeiemlfplhkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkagkemdkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvldkrdgqafeatpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvsqwsgdgtlaeiektpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslraiaaqfddhikagaerviaryqpmmeaviakykprlqgktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmqvigtgyefahnddydrtikemgnatllyddatgfeleefikrmkpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgiplrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisnpcwskqtppwkkqpeaieaaedgalkkva
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpfc3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpfc3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegnskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpfc1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpfc1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegnskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_WSM1689  coded_by=complement(89454..90965),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii WSM1689,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgdfhamlidgilsqypdktakrrkkhlgvskgreaaeqgsdalcetgvksniksipgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgveafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideveqlfplnngvslqsecpigligddieavarkkakehnktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdtyfepsffdvnvigdyniggdawasrilledmglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkatlnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqievslrniaaffgpeteeraealitryqplvqavtekyrprldgktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyertghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelenfieairpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpiwglydapwnethcshacscsgqae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC374B00  coded_by=complement(23591..25090),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC374B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrrkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC372A00  coded_by=64803..66302,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC372A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrrkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-94  coded_by=1106..2608,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-94,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mseltreetealiqevlevypdkarkdrakhlavndqsieqakkcitsnrkslpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklakligeietlfplhkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkaakemdkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvldkrdgqpfeatpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilieemglrvvsqwagdgtlaeiektpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslraiaahfdehikegaerviaryqpmmdaviakyrprlqgktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmqvigtgyefahnddydrtikemgnatllyddatgfeleefikrmkpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgiplrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisnpcwskqtppwkkqpesgdstapvaegelkkva
>Clostridium_aceticum  coded_by=176403..178010,organism=Clostridium aceticum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
maiskkkmdsilekyppkvkknrakhillkdskeeqeiqantrtvpgiitnrgccfagckgvvlgplrdvvhivhgpigcsyytwgtrrhkgrsekgednflsycfstdmqesdivfggekrlkqavkeayeifkpeaitisstcpvgligddihavareaqeefgiqvlafdcegykgvsqsaghhiannvlmkdvigtgdaetkpyainimgeyniggdgweisrilgkigyhivsvmtgdgtykelksahkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemietkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtidslrnmakyfgdetlikkteevikeelealqkpleiykkmcegktallfvggsrahhyqgllkelgietvmagyefghrddyegrdvipyikmdadsrnipeihvekdessyklylspekleklkkemplnrydgmikemkdgsfviddlnhfeteellksikpslfcsgikdkyvaqkmgifskqlhsydysgpyagfrgavifakdvsmgmntptwgfitppwkkepllegkvveevatc
>Clostridium_aceticum  coded_by=1507244..1508851,organism=Clostridium aceticum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain NifD
maiskkkmdsilekyppkvkknrakhillkdskeeqeiqantrtvpgiitnrgccfagckgvvlgplrdvvhivhgpigcsyytwgtrrhkgrsekgednflsycfstdmqesdivfggekrlkqavkeayeifkpeaitisstcpvgligddihavareaqeefgiqvlafdcegykgvsqsaghhiannvlmkdvigtgdaetkpyainimgeyniggdgweisrilgkigyhivsvmtgdgtykelksahkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemietkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtidslrnmakyfgdetlikkteevikeelealqkpleiykkmcegktallfvggsrahhyqgllkelgietvmagyefghrddyegrdvipyikmdadsrnipeihvekdessyklylspekleklkkemplnrydgmikemkdgsfviddlnhfeteellksikpslfcsgikdkyvaqkmgifskqlhsydysgpyagfrgavifakdvsmgmntptwgfitppwkkepllegkvveevatc
>Mesorhizobium_loti_MAFF303099  coded_by=4775974..4777464,organism=Mesorhizobium loti MAFF303099,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein; NifE
mtslsakiqdvfdepacdtnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgasaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldivmgqgerklfkaireiketyappavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpinapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryidvasahraraammvcssalinlarkmeerwdipyfegsfygitdtsealrniaellvrkgadaeildrtetliaeqeaiawkkleayrrrlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigmeivgtsvkkstvedkerikrilkdenhmfeqmaardlyamlskhkadimlsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwgqvrepapwdcqpareddlasakngtatvnafnefagamahrfgdr
>Kosakonia_radicincitans_UMEnt01/12  coded_by=424237..425610,organism=Kosakonia radicincitans UMEnt01/12,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllplsdvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsfssgptinrlgfttdlseqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivnryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaetatgvpviavdvagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkkviggrepapwpedtpfapahrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfseiqtlhraqvnmlvcsralinvarsleqrygtpwfegsfygvratsdalrqlaaltgdrdlmqrteqliareeqrteqalaplrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmevvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgadalmldegnarslldvvyryqadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrgivtlaeqlcltmespvwpqthsrapwq
>cyanobacterium_endosymbiont_of_Epithemia_turgida_isolate_EtSB_Lake_Yunoko  coded_by=complement(2113038..2114480),organism=cyanobacterium endosymbiont of Epithemia turgida isolate EtSB Lake Yunoko,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
matveenkklikdvlstypektakkrekhlnvyeegkddcgvksnkqslpgvmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklskivdeieelfplnggisvqsecpvgligddiesvarakskeigksvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpaadkenaesgfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtftemkatpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslrtiaerfddtirakaeevikkyqkqcddvlakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahgddykrtteyvddatliyddatayefeefvkklkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwglvgtpwnk
>Desulfotomaculum_kuznetsovii_DSM_6115  coded_by=complement(2187688..2189037),organism=Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii DSM 6115,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mrmlpeklsllrkylrlseitedtvlspaahaqypgshcaffgvagtvplitnsyalllgpaiclynakltinlraltsdprpdnllllpfsqediifgahekvkqavievdrkyrpevlfvvttctqeiigedfdaaieeirpevraqllvihtdnftcedaapgiertflaladlmqpqaveeksvnllglrapggrktepvclleskgikiknvipsystpaeiarapearlnivlehyalplahkmkemfgteyiycerpyaldsvelwyrqiaevlhidltqeiaalkkqteetilqfegrladktfalgvqqgrafdlarflvtlgmkpvllylnrilpgdhkdiqdllsagvdplvvksgnalqsekllaelkpdyyighgdrrvlarlgikarnllfayhtlgfagtqqvlrllnrepfgseilhykeqiiknaeemsiwi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dnr7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dnr7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpt8.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpt8.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpti4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpti4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygiprleynffgpskvieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Methanosarcina_sp._Kolksee  coded_by=complement(2877541..2878983),organism=Methanosarcina sp. Kolksee,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
mplklfccdeciperqnhvyikeegedttqflplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyiwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaikeafkefpeikrmfvyttcttaligdnpkavcreieeelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkvgtlepeitsqytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqkyldkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyikvalrkigsffgledkaeeviaeevakyegklnwykerlkgkqiciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevlesihadliltgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiyspmwglagkdprvvdspmwslaekdpsvvqes
>Methanosarcina_vacuolata_Z-761  coded_by=complement(2849879..2851321),organism=Methanosarcina vacuolata Z-761,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
mplklfccdeciperqnhvyikeegedttqflplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyiwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaikeafkefpeikrmfvyttcttaligdnpkavcreieeelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkvgtlepeitsqytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqkyldkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyikvalrkigsffgledkaeeviaeevakyegklnwykerlkgkqiciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevlesihadliltgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiyspmwglagkdprvvdspmwslaekdpsvvqes
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L103C131B0  coded_by=complement(26338..27828),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L103C131B0,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdaahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygspaifvyptcvtaligddieavckrtaakfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryadiagahraraammvcstalinlarkmeqrwgipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstledkerikqilkddnhmfeqmaarelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagyhgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdcqpavrqelprtksetatldvvqefagttagnfger
>Chlorobaculum_parvum_NCIB_8327  coded_by=1771817..1773445,organism=Chlorobaculum parvum NCIB 8327,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpakvnlpdpasiteelinkypakvakkrrksivandpdtipevqanvrtvpgiitqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnivhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpetpehenyitycfstdmqeehvvfggekklkvaiqeaydlfhpkaiaifstcpvgligddvhavsremkeklgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvgnnneikpgkfkinllgeyniggdafeierlleksgitliasfsgnstvgamenahtadlnivqchrsinymgdmmetkygipwmkvnfvgvestakslrkiaeyfgdaelkakveeviaeempavkeiieeirprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfnelgmttlsagyefahrddyegrevlpnikidadsknieelkvtadpelynprkspeeieelkakglemngytgmmkqmvhkslviddvshyeseklieiykpdifcagikkkyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpytgfkgavnfykdidrmvnnpvwkmikapwekaesesleasyva
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=complement(<1..>757),organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgqestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiveslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=complement(<1..>757),organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgqestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiveslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=complement(<1..>757),organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgqestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiveslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Acaryochloris_sp._HICR111A  coded_by=complement(17792..19237),organism=Acaryochloris sp. HICR111A,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matveerkeligevleaypakakklrskhldvkadaaadcgvksnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmvhlshgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkkldkvineleelfplsqgttiesecpvgligddieavarrkaketgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrklpngfepspydvnivgdyniggdawpsrklledaglrvisqfsgdgsfnevvmaplaklnlihcyrsmnyicrfmeekygigwleynffgpteiakslrkiaeqfdetiqakaeaviaenearmesiiakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvipafkdlgmkvigtgyefghaddykrtanyveegtliyddvsgyefeafakelnpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfevfardmdlainnptwglinapwka
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rhr28  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rhr28,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkletddkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rhr14  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rhr14,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkletddkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._day12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. day12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkletddkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._day16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. day16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkletddkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=<1..>1133,organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
rsagcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqvlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskakskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkqegkparfeqtdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptkieeslrkiashfddkikdgaerviakyraltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvsq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS20_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS20_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS18_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS18_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=225625..226998,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryrpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=52499..53872,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryrpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=7912..9285,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryrpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Clostridium_bornimense  coded_by=330988..332313,organism=Clostridium bornimense,definition=nitrogenase
mvkaveqprhfctlgaqqtvvaikksipilhsgpgcgvklfrglstdsgyqgigygggstipctntterevvfggekrlkevidgafqvlnadlfvvltgctadivgddigqvvseyqyegkpivyaetggfkgtnlkgheivikaivdqyvgdvkpnvekglvnlwsvvpyqdpfwtgdlgeikkllegiglkvniffgpdseglsewksipnaqfnlvlhpwvgidtakhlekkygipflhyptlpvggkettkflrevgkfagideeivekfirkeeeryyyyidraadffvefrydlassfynineaayslgiskflinelgispgvqyitddtpekyqelirnefknispyksaevnfevdggkiseeirkdignnkpiilgsswdrdlineldgfglnialpvqhrlvmnkhyvgysggltltediytaildtyk
>Phascolarctobacterium_succinatutens_CAG:287  coded_by=1027..2328,organism=Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens CAG:287,definition=oxidoreductase nitrogenase component 1
mgqqllrrfkgygcsmigacrvvayaedvvvilnsplgcahilrdrelernyqatnamrgmfnsigrrivytnltnddciygsgkklaatigmvaelynpayilvvnscmvgiigddieavaaeaegtykvpvisinsfgfmngaysngfklavsimlnrfctlqekrddtiviiapfegkhsaafrtieqylyflglkkvilfpgaasleeikllctcrygviidhnnmlvadyesaanllneklgiqildyadpagfketltwlerihialqspeysykmlceqlkqqysqfindflaiagkgnkvsivirdakvilnftwlnellddlqlevegiymdqdnsmangnvldtllhdvprlskidrfyltieeislrldgknvlsvrvprdllpfavslpymnmgfgleglqmviedikrmivqkkhrgyye
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=46610..48223,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mavtekelevlfakmpskvqknrrkhilikngevenpeieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhithgpigcayytwgtrrnkaktgehvknfvnysfstdmqekdivfggekklaamidevveilkpnaitisatcpvgligddinavareaqkrhgiqvlafscegykgvsqsaghhiannsfvesvigqgdmeeppskfsinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigynvisvmtgdgswekmrnahvaelnlvqchrsinyiaekietkygipwlkvnfigieatikslrdmalyfddpeltrkteeviarevarvqpvidqyakicqnktafcfvggsrghhfqglfrelgietilagyefahrddyegravipsikpdadsknipdlhvepdlkrfhlrmspekleelkkkipindypgmnidmkeghiivddlnhfetdefikllkpdifssgikdkyvvqkmgipakqlhsydysgpyagfngavnfardvsmgfasptwnfitppwqntpvltgemneggdk
>Enterobacter_sacchari_SP1  coded_by=772293..773666,organism=Enterobacter sacchari SP1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgndilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllplsdvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgslssgprinrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaatatgvpviavdvagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkkviggrepapwpgntpfapahrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgtlsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqvnmlvcsralinvarsleqrygtpwfegsfygvratsdalrqlailtgdsdlmarteqlitreehaaeqalaplrerlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnaralldvvyrckadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrgiimlaeqlcqtlespvwpqtharapwq
>Methanobacterium_lacus  coded_by=complement(2458205..2459695),organism=Methanobacterium lacus,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpykllevdkkipqrknhvyvkhcsdpddeipdcntktvpgsmsergcafagvkgvitgaikdvihvvhspigctsygygtkrypttpdmpngekfpienfnlkyilgtdlqesdvvfggmkklkksiieahkefpeataiytystcttgligddldavakeaseelgiqvvafnapgfcgpsqskghhvgnltlfenlvgtkeplettpydvnligeynidgdlwiikeyleemginllskftgdcshdeicwmhraklslvrcqrsatyiadlieekygvpyikvdffstkycaenlrtigkyfgleeeaekviesrmekvapeiefyksklqgkrvfifsggpksyhlskpleeelgmetvavasqfehkdgyekmksrvkegtlivddpnslefeeiiqvykpdlilagvkekylahklgvpcllihsyengpymgfegfvnlakdmyrniyspvwnmlefeeepavgentevqedssekqenkpentgela
>Sulfurospirillum_barnesii_SES-3  coded_by=968919..970262,organism=Sulfurospirillum barnesii SES-3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
minkklikdllnesacshnkdkksscdkpkpgatsggcafegaqislfpyadaahlvhgpdtclgaswetratltsyegenntplgyctnvttndiifggdkklaeaiayiverkkpkavfvyetcvtgmigdnidftckeaqerfgipivpvhspgfvggknlgsrlageavldalvgtrepesihpyginligdynvtgdmwqyvpilerigikvvstlsgdgriediccahraklnvivcakslitlcrkmqeryaipyvsvsfygkrdtsnairsivnafgneamiqkaeviiaeeeaklearllpyrellkdkkailntggnkswsiasalqdigievvatsirkateediaiareyvpilmkvpaneqaklidehnidillaggrslytalkkrvafvdvnqekkvsygaygglenlaidvcaalanpvfklaggaapwen
>uncultured_Desulfofustis_sp._PB-SRB1  coded_by=10355..>11662,organism=uncultured Desulfofustis sp. PB-SRB1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnsstilaerapqirrtgadegamecnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelnrlsfstdlqemdvifggekkleralfelierhrpaaafvystcivgiigddldavckkvaaqtkipvlpvksegfkgnkragyeaachamgclvgtgdtsgispysinilgdfnlageiwqirdyferigievvanitgdgrvadiarahgaalnvvqcsgatmgladimherygtpslrvsyfgvedmaealysvarhfgdpvllerarnlvreeistllpqlvpyqealrgkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrmlnmdvvmvgsqtgtkedyeelaeitdpgtiivddantlelasfirekdvdifvggvkerpiayklgvafcdhnherkemlagfagmlnftkevyqsvm
>Azotobacter_chroococcum  coded_by=3655..5079,organism=Azotobacter chroococcum,definition=Azotobacter chroococcum vnfH, D, G, and K genes, region encoding the structural genes for vanadium nitrogenase
mpmvllecdkdiperqkhiylkapnedtreflpianaatipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleqrmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkerpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfsymaegirkicaffgieekgerliaeeyakwkpkldwykerlqgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgiqvvamsskfgheedfekviargkegtyyiddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyvnghgyhngpymgfegfvnlardtynavhnplrhlaavdirdssqttpvivrgaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR922  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR922,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvkssiksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Selenomonas_sp._F0473  coded_by=complement(871296..872594),organism=Selenomonas sp. F0473,definition=hypothetical protein
mateakrlifrrtncscampgvwralayvrgaavvfhspracahiartletgahyrgmargaaweeqaiplyvsgiaedeavfggeellrrclahvvrdarpeaifivsscvagvigddaeriaeeaaeeygmpvialkshgfldgeyfggyletmrllavhfmqpaaekvkgravllgdcggasgeyvrevrrllaalgmhdilqfpsylslaelsdvpaaefsvllgregdaahekevrdfaelltarfgivcagdiypvgmeatlrwiarigqltgrtaeaeeligeecaafdtaiaagrdalagkravlavgravryfrpepvcrllaelgvvlagvvildaylpedraemerrareaspapviaerdaepayraadfvltthelanphlrqiflpmlpvagrrgeellidcmrrcaarrreggvlya
>Bradyrhizobium_pachyrhizi  coded_by=8626..10272,organism=Bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msslaarvqsifnepgcakngskseaerkkgctkqlqpgsaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsslwrtafttdmsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkhdppavfvyqtcipamigddidavckaasqrfgkpvipinspgfvgsknlgnklagealldyvigtqepdyttpydvnligeynlsgelwqvkplldelgvrilscisgdakyrevasshraraamlvcskamlnvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdsseslrriarllvergapmdllgrteaviareearawaaigpykprfkgkkallitggvkswsvvaalqqaglelvgtsvkkstredkkrikqlmgqdahmiedmtpremykmlkeakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqerchaymgyvgmvklveeidkslfnpmweqlrrpapwqalakamvqmqppvaavagdpavteearrarkicfcntvdlgtiedaiyahglssvdavrdhtnavggcckqriedvlsssppaglqaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC395A00  coded_by=85521..87011,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC395A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkvgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikegygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraqaammvcstalinlarkmeqrwgipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprldgkrvllntggvkswsvvralmeigidivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaprelyamlserkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwgqvrepapwdcqravreelprtksetvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Azotobacter_chroococcum_NCIMB_8003  coded_by=4307416..4308825,organism=Azotobacter chroococcum NCIMB 8003,definition=Vanadium nitrogenase iron cofactor biosynthesis protein vnfE
mnqteihnlldepacthntagktgcarsrpgatqggcafdgaqiailpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdlrgssssgpqlyrlgmttelsdidvimgrgekklfhairraveryrpqavfvygtcvpamqgddieavardasqrwgvpvipvdgagfygtkslgnriagetlyrhvigsrepaplppgavgrgikvhdvnligeyniagefwrvaplfdelglrilctlsgdarfrevqtmhrakanmvvcskamlnvarhlredygtpffegsfygiadtsqalrdfakaiddpslsvrtellilreenkaraalapwrerlagkralifsggvkswsvvsalqdlgveviatgteksteedrarirelmganarmiddndqgaliatciesgadiliaggrylyaalkarlafldinherdfgyagyagfvelarqlalavhspvwqrvrqeprwvrastttalreea
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(2996206..2997687),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskinlnasevqtresrlgsitgfagtagelvgcaragtlkesdrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmiqdaivvnhapvgcagdfftfnfvyrvgqmernlppvigryfntnieeqdtifgatqklantirtayerihpnaifittscasgiigddvegvandlteelgipviscfcegfkskiwttgfdaayhsiirklvkppekksnkvnivnfwgsrifdeilnplgyeadyiipfsttaqlehiseavatiqicptlgtyigaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdqwmrelgrvldrqeqiealivkeherilpklqeyreqlqgkkayltagaahghaliallrelglevqgaaifhhdpiydndtttsdalahavntygdipnynvcnkqayelvnvlnkikpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptllvgdeqlsfgyqgilnygeriletldnkefvinlakhstmpytkwwldqdpfsflrsdlnvkty
>Burkholderia_sp._mpud5.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Burkholderia sp. mpud5.2,definition=nitrogenase alpha-subunit
pekmakrrakhlgsfeqgkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqelfplnrgisiqtecpigligddieavskkkstqygrhtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdcvfdhadpnrrpslestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelestpksklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekyeip
>Azospirillum_lipoferum_4B  coded_by=complement(637777..639216),organism=Azospirillum lipoferum 4B,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
mslsenttvdvknlvnevleaypeksrkrrakhlnvleaeakdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigdtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavaraksaeigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfektepkagfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtmaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekynipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddkikenaekviaryqpmvdaviakykprldgkkvmiyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeiigtgyefahnddyqrtphyvkegtliyddvtafelekfveamrpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgvmkapf
>Clostridium_papyrosolvens_DSM_2782  coded_by=87445..88791,organism=Clostridium papyrosolvens DSM 2782,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mteslileerkdsikfgfektgktaikcesnsvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhivhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgsdlyrnsfstdlteqdivfggekklsaaidevvqkhnpkvifvyatcivgvigddveavcrhaekkhgtrvipvkspgfsgnksygykmacnailellkphndipktngvnilgdfnlagemwiiknylneigipvvstitgdagydnlikapsarlnlvqcagsmtylakkmeekmdipfikvsffgvedtsqsliriaeaigteeniqkakqftqseterlrpmlekyrsrlegkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfnqmgietvvvgtqtgkpeeyeiitnlvgqnavilddanpaeletfmkekeadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalagyegvvnftkeinlsmnspvweyikqet
>Mesorhizobium_chacoense  coded_by=724..2226,organism=Mesorhizobium chacoense,definition=NifD
mslefendgvfnekliekvlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsggeageegkvlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgmtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnkgitvqsecpvgligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdknevefeaghydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkarlnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwmeynffgpsqievslrkiakhfgpeieakaekviaryrplvdaviaryrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifasdmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkkavpptaiaae
>Nodularia_spumigena_CCY9414  coded_by=complement(101977..103419),organism=Nodularia spumigena CCY9414,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppennkiveerkelikevlsaypdkakkrrekhlnvfeegksdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqeleilfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarkaakeidkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfprsdkakadgslkfdstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdekiqanaekviakyqptmdaivnkyrprldgktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysepshsasksmiigfldsqiknnlclv
>Nodularia_spumigena_CCY9414  coded_by=4109027..4110469,organism=Nodularia spumigena CCY9414,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mtppennkiveerkelikevlsaypdkakkrrekhlnvfeegksdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqeleilfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarkaakeidkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfprsdkakadgslkfdstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdekiqanaekviakyqptmdaivnkyrprldgktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysepshsasksmiigfldsqiknnlclv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(128465..129970),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
mkinlevpevairekrlgsitgfcgtaeglvktarcgklkeenrsfsqwagcsvgkalcqlsmiqdavviqhgpigcsgefsmfgfvnkvgqkqrnltvkninavssnleekdtiygggaklrktikevfqefnpkaifittscasgiigddveaiadkaekeigipivyiscegfksrvwttgfdaafhgilrkivkppvekkknviniisfwgsdefsyllrkiglepnyiapfstveqlsklseaaataqicstlgtylaaglqqeygipevkasqpygitgtdawfreigkiigkeqeveeliksekeriapkleelrnrlkgktgyvtagaayghiistllnelnvkvigacvyhhdpvydngdidadtlnfvvenygdipnydvsnkqsfefvnamnkirpdicvtrhpgmaiwgirlgiptllwanenlsfgyqglinfgervvdllendefvkniaehselpytdwwmnqnpysflgtkgkkteelqrekvae
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2307258..2308763),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mkinlevpevairekrlgsitgfcgtaeglvktarcgklkeenrsfsqwagcsvgkalcqlsmiqdavviqhgpigcsgefsmfgfvnkvgqkqrnltvkninavssnleekdtiygggaklrktikevfqefnpkaifittscasgiigddveaiadkaekeigipivyiscegfksrvwttgfdaafhgilrkivkppvekkknviniisfwgsdefsyllrkiglepnyiapfstveqlsklseaaataqicstlgtylaaglqqeygipevkasqpygitgtdawfreigkiigkeqeveeliksekeriapkleelrnrlkgktgyvtagaayghiistllnelnvkvigacvyhhdpvydngdidadtlnfvvenygdipnydvsnkqsfefvnamnkirpdicvtrhpgmaiwgirlgiptllwanenlsfgyqglinfgervvdllendefvkniaehselpytdwwmnqnpysflgtkgkkteelqrekvae
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1116527..1118032,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkinlevpevairekrlgsitgfcgtaeglvktarcgklkeenrsfsqwagcsvgkalcqlsmiqdavviqhgpigcsgefsmfgfvnkvgqkqrnltvkninavssnleekdtiygggaklrktikevfqefnpkaifittscasgiigddveaiadkaekeigipivyiscegfksrvwttgfdaafhgilrkivkppvekkknviniisfwgsdefsyllrkiglepnyiapfstveqlsklseaaataqicstlgtylaaglqqeygipevkasqpygitgtdawfreigkiigkeqeveeliksekeriapkleelrnrlkgktgyvtagaayghiistllnelnvkvigacvyhhdpvydngdidadtlnfvvenygdipnydvsnkqsfefvnamnkirpdicvtrhpgmaiwgirlgiptllwanenlsfgyqglinfgervvdllendefvkniaehselpytdwwmnqnpysflgtkgkkteelqrekvae
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1116527..1118032,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkinlevpevairekrlgsitgfcgtaeglvktarcgklkeenrsfsqwagcsvgkalcqlsmiqdavviqhgpigcsgefsmfgfvnkvgqkqrnltvkninavssnleekdtiygggaklrktikevfqefnpkaifittscasgiigddveaiadkaekeigipivyiscegfksrvwttgfdaafhgilrkivkppvekkknviniisfwgsdefsyllrkiglepnyiapfstveqlsklseaaataqicstlgtylaaglqqeygipevkasqpygitgtdawfreigkiigkeqeveeliksekeriapkleelrnrlkgktgyvtagaayghiistllnelnvkvigacvyhhdpvydngdidadtlnfvvenygdipnydvsnkqsfefvnamnkirpdicvtrhpgmaiwgirlgiptllwanenlsfgyqglinfgervvdllendefvkniaehselpytdwwmnqnpysflgtkgkkteelqrekvae
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(442086..443591),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mkinlevpevairekrlgsitgfcgtaeglvktarcgklkeenrsfsqwagcsvgkalcqlsmiqdavviqhgpigcsgefsmfgfvnkvgqkqrnltvkninavssnleekdtiygggaklrktikevfqefnpkaifittscasgiigddveaiadkaekeigipivyiscegfksrvwttgfdaafhgilrkivkppvekkknviniisfwgsdefsyllrkiglepnyiapfstveqlsklseaaataqicstlgtylaaglqqeygipevkasqpygitgtdawfreigkiigkeqeveeliksekeriapkleelrnrlkgktgyvtagaayghiistllnelnvkvigacvyhhdpvydngdidadtlnfvvenygdipnydvsnkqsfefvnamnkirpdicvtrhpgmaiwgirlgiptllwanenlsfgyqglinfgervvdllendefvkniaehselpytdwwmnqnpysflgtkgkkteelqrekvae
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7524  coded_by=complement(1386721..1388163),organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7524,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppekknlveenkelvqevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskqigkpviplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifphfdkakkenkidfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysepsdgvqmsdevrffgsgrkislfla
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC229A00  coded_by=7216..8706,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC229A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakirdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtaepddvgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamivcstalinlarkmeqrwgipffegsfygisatsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhglmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhmfeqmaarelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavreelprtksetaalhvvqefagttagdfgec
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pe4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pe4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyndktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(2694611..2695969),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mgnvieqprytcaigsqhtvlairgavpvlhcgpgcsnkvslalttsagyqgesdfggthipctnssekdivfggekkldetidgalkvlkgnlfvvltgctadivgddvisiaskyqregkpvinaetagfkgsnyvghelviksiieqyigdakpkvrkglvnvfsvvpnqdpfwrgdlkeikriltaiglevnilfgyeskgveewkdipnaefnlvlnpwvglkaakllerkfgtkflhyqelpvgaaatskflrtvgefanldkdkveqvikeeefsfykyfldigdfiaegraglpfelytiadsayaigasnflinelgyvpkgaflidnvpekykdnvtnifegiheeykgkvffendggsiekiirndvniprktlilgstwedklsedlnapvvyisnpildklivnktyigytgglnlieeiyssilsnknfnqrvnaisi
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis_bv._officinalis_str._HAMBI_1141  coded_by=76038..77468,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis bv. officinalis str. HAMBI 1141,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsinstpqgsvreplckiirgngakkpfnlraaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgpglwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklvdaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivaicrsataefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgpndinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalvnlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllikngadselldraealisveenrawkrleifraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialkakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmvqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapwerhrdanirkhgerepyriplqfgh
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis  coded_by=21211..22641,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsinstpqgsvreplckiirgngakkpfnlraaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgpglwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklvdaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivaicrsataefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgpndinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalvnlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllikngadselldraealisveenrawkrleifraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialkakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmvqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapwerhrdanirkhgerepyriplqfgh
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis  coded_by=complement(56611..58041),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsinstpqgsvreplckiirgngakkpfnlraaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgpglwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklvdaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivaicrsataefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgpndinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalvnlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllikngadselldraealisveenrawkrleifraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialkakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmvqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapwerhrdanirkhgerepyriplqfgh
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis  coded_by=complement(32751..34181),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsinstpqgsvreplckiirgngakkpfnlraaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgpglwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklvdaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivaicrsataefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgpndinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalvnlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllikngadselldraealisveenrawkrleifraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialkakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmvqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapwerhrdanirkhgerepyriplqfgh
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis  coded_by=complement(2299..3729),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlsinstpqgsvreplckiirgngakkpfnlraaagcafdgakvvlqpisdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgpglwrtsfttdlteleilmghserklvdaiceikkdhapaaifvyatcvpamigddivaicrsataefaipvvpvnapgflgakklgnrlagqalfdhvigtvepedcgpndinilgefnisgefwlvkplldtlgirvracipgdarylqvasahraratmvvcssalvnlaqkmeerwdipffegsfygisgtsnalrriagllikngadselldraealisveenrawkrleifraglkgkrvllntggvkswslvhalleigmeivatsvkkstdddrgrikqvlkeechlhdsiapsrlystltggkadimlsggrtqfialkakvpwldinqerrhayagyegmvqlvrqtylaihnpiwtelrepapwerhrdanirkhgerepyriplqfgh
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=1066480..1067991,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifD4
mkvdlntsvvktreqrlgtiigwktgktsdlsrdsaytcggckgnggkrlceaigpftqgsscsermvecqagevrdailiqhspigcgtsqvacnsiyrnglknrklpienmkvintniketdmvfgalekleqsirdawerhhpkaifiatscvtgiigedidsvasklheefkipvvpmycegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilkyivrksskkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpilaelglrvnyvvdmatvedleqlseaaatvsfchtlssylaagleeqfgvpevkapqpygiagtdawirelarvthrekeaeayiekehkriapkikelkkllsgkkgyaatgsayshgliavlgelgvqvdgslvfhhdpvydnndptkdslkflvdnygdvpnfsvsnrqqyqfygllknvnpdfiiirhaglaslasrmgipavplgdehhavgyqgilnlgetildilarkkfhkdlsshvklpytkwwleqrdpyilekqhyvvy
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_USDA_257  coded_by=complement(118773..120356),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii USDA 257,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mircdippmvpllgghakkgagpmsldyendsalhqelitqvlsqyphkaakrrqkhlsvasdreavgeegetlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkaddktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraerviakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkmtvptaavaae
>Rhizobium_sp._IRBG74  coded_by=complement(224632..226134),organism=Rhizobium sp. IRBG74,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msldyendsalheelitqvlsqyphkaakrrqkhlsvatdreevgeegltisecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnkgltiqsecpigligddieavsrkkakeyektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfgkaevesetgaydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapeaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpaieeraerviakyqplvddvvdkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddatsyeldkfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkvrapaaavaae
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_T4/M  coded_by=3719434..3720774,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae T4/M,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mydelkfencnhskdpmvgcalegaagilagmkdisivihspqgcsstvavaydtheidftkrkvactrlfetdivmgasdklkelirevdskfktraifvigtcaadiigedleglcrnlqpqinaklvplmaggfrgdsyagidlglnalfpfikkqkekipntvnlivpqanlnptwwadlkwvrevldkvgikvqavlphetsleelenagmasanillshdagykfglkmqevhdiplilsdiplpvglkntaiwlravgkyfgveeqvetiirdgeymtidalrrrglmmiqryrncrvavsadatlgiglirmlfeelemipelllfrssmpdsqlllenelkdmgisprvvfsadgyqvkqslmdsnvdavfgssweyymaeelgikfafdvfnptnrvnylnkayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskqinweeyl
>Dehalogenimonas_sp._WBC-2  coded_by=complement(560744..562375),organism=Dehalogenimonas sp. WBC-2,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mdnvssknnnfnptavkdellkiypvkvlrkrsksivindneatpeiqanvrtipgiisqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnlthgpigcgfyswltrrnqtrpptdssenympycfstdmqeneivfggekklrmaiqeaydlfhpkaigifstcpvgligddvhavaremsatlginifgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqlfkhvigkndqkhegkfkinllgeyniggdafvieellkrcgitlvttfsgnstydqfanshmadlnavmchrsinyvadmiekkfgipwikvnfigaaatakalrkiaayfgdaelinrvehviadeleavrlaqedvrtrcagkramlfvggsrahhyqelfkeigmevvaagyefghrddyegravlptikvdadsrnieeldveadplryeprrtveqietltnsgmefkdydglmndmaegslviddishsemeqlidiykpsvfcagikekyavqkmgvpckqlhsydyggpyagfegainyyreidrivnsrvwalikapwqkypelqacytta
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_NGR234  coded_by=complement(138603..140117),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii NGR234,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain NifD1
msldyendsalhqelitqvlsqyphkaakrrqkhlsvasdreavgeegetlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraerviakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkmtvptaavaae
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_NGR234  coded_by=complement(106725..108239),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii NGR234,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain NifD2
msldyendsalhqelitqvlsqyphkaakrrqkhlsvasdreavgeegetlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraerviakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkmtvptaavaae
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_WSM1325  coded_by=309442..310953,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii WSM1325,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgdfnsrlidavlsqypdktakrrkkhlgvakgreaaeqssdalcetgvksniksipgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgveafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideveqlfplnngvslqsecpigligddieavarkkakehnktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdthyeasffdvnvigdyniggdawasrilledmglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkatlnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqievslrniaaffgpetqdraealitryqplvqavtekyrprldgktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyertshyvkkgtliyddvtgyelenfveairpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpiwglydapwkeahcshacscggqde
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._USDA_3517  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. USDA 3517,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeieelfplnngmtiqsecpigligddieavsrnkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksgskgepkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_tyrobutyricum_DIVETGP  coded_by=18763..20232,organism=Clostridium tyrobutyricum DIVETGP,definition=Possible nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msiniksieaanresrlnsitgytgtvkdlvkkaqcgtlknrercfsqasncssgcaqgylssivdaaivnhgaigcsadvigettglkwgqnirdwektnvklintnmtenstvfggknklregireayrrfnpkaifittscasaiigddvkaiadeleeeikipvvpvlcegfrskiwasgfdsafhalltrivksprkkcpelinmiqfsgsgrkyiteilsnlglvpqfgipystieqisrmseaaatisvcgtlgsyfgngleqkygvpyvktiqphgikamdswlrelgkvvgkekevedyivkakkeikpeledirkklkgkkavvgmgpsfshnyirvlkelgievvwgiswhfdqhydhgsvpessialsnrdkdipisvcdgqnfevlnllnkikpdlyisrhpgttvwptkmgipsvmvadeytafgyrgiinfgyriidalennslaeelskrikfpynpwwfkqdafkfledevk
>Methanobacterium_formicicum  coded_by=complement(1510126..1511574),organism=Methanobacterium formicicum,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepvietfesrkkhmcvkgeglsipvcdkasmpgtvtqrtcvyggarivlmpitdsihlvhgpigcaactwdirgskssredlykkgcstdlqekdiifggekklfetvlelnrlyhpgaifvyatcvagvigddikavckksqeitgcrvipvqsegfqdhnktkghwiggdalldyvigtsepeentpfdinivgefnvagdlwgikplleemgvniistmsgdshveeiaqahraklnivqcqkssnyvakkmkkkygipfikvnffgleqtiislreiadffgdeemiqrtekiiqrgleevqdeirdykerltgktvalyvggnkawslvrafeelgmdvmmsgtkngikedyeriketvrdgtiivddanstelarllkkyrpnllisgakekyislklgvpfcdfnhdrisafagfrgfvsfakevdasvsspvfnltstslydisnnlnpekklknenspetilsppsggdthg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=75086..76555,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mtinikrieavtregrlgsitgytgtikdlvkkaktgclknkercfsqatncssgcaqgylarimdsaivnhgakgcsadvigentnflwgqnirdlekrnvnvintnmteettvfgglkklrdaiweayrrfspkaifittscasaiigddvksvadeieaqinipvvpvfcegfrskiwasgfdaafhalltrivkppkekhpeiinmltfngsgrdyvaeilsnfglvpkfgipfstiediskmsesaatmsicgtlgsyfgngleqkygvpyirslqphgiagmdnwlrelgkvvgkveeieeyikqekekiapeleeikeklkgktavvgmgpsfshnyirvlgelgikviwgaswhfdqeydhgsipestielsekeydtpisvcdqqnfeilnllnklkpdlylsrhpgttvwptkmgipsvmvadefsafgyrgiidlgyriidalannnlalslskrvklpytswwfqqdtfkfledevk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=4144985..4146454,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtinikrieavtregrlgsitgytgtikdlvkkaktgclknkercfsqatncssgcaqgylarimdsaivnhgakgcsadvigentnflwgqnirdlekrnvnvintnmteettvfgglkklrdaiweayrrfspkaifittscasaiigddvksvadeieaqinipvvpvfcegfrskiwasgfdaafhalltrivkppkekhpeiinmltfngsgrdyvaeilsnfglvpkfgipfstiediskmsesaatmsicgtlgsyfgngleqkygvpyirslqphgiagmdnwlrelgkvvgkveeieeyikqekekiapeleeikeklkgktavvgmgpsfshnyirvlgelgikviwgaswhfdqeydhgsipestielsekeydtpisvcdqqnfeilnllnklkpdlylsrhpgttvwptkmgipsvmvadefsafgyrgiidlgyriidalannnlalslskrvklpytswwfqqdtfkfledevk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3630924..3632393),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtinikrieavtregrlgsitgytgtikdlvkkaktgclknkercfsqatncssgcaqgylarimdsaivnhgakgcsadvigentnflwgqnirdlekrnvnvintnmteettvfgglkklrdaiweayrrfspkaifittscasaiigddvksvadeieaqinipvvpvfcegfrskiwasgfdaafhalltrivkppkekhpeiinmltfngsgrdyvaeilsnfglvpkfgipfstiediskmsesaatmsicgtlgsyfgngleqkygvpyirslqphgiagmdnwlrelgkvvgkveeieeyikqekekiapeleeikeklkgktavvgmgpsfshnyirvlgelgikviwgaswhfdqeydhgsipestielsekeydtpisvcdqqnfeilnllnklkpdlylsrhpgttvwptkmgipsvmvadefsafgyrgiidlgyriidalannnlalslskrvklpytswwfqqdtfkfledevk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3630716..3632185),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtinikrieavtregrlgsitgytgtikdlvkkaktgclknkercfsqatncssgcaqgylarimdsaivnhgakgcsadvigentnflwgqnirdlekrnvnvintnmteettvfgglkklrdaiweayrrfspkaifittscasaiigddvksvadeieaqinipvvpvfcegfrskiwasgfdaafhalltrivkppkekhpeiinmltfngsgrdyvaeilsnfglvpkfgipfstiediskmsesaatmsicgtlgsyfgngleqkygvpyirslqphgiagmdnwlrelgkvvgkveeieeyikqekekiapeleeikeklkgktavvgmgpsfshnyirvlgelgikviwgaswhfdqeydhgsipestielsekeydtpisvcdqqnfeilnllnklkpdlylsrhpgttvwptkmgipsvmvadefsafgyrgiidlgyriidalannnlalslskrvklpytswwfqqdtfkfledevk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=342470..343939,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtinikrieavtregrlgsitgytgtikdlvkkaktgclknkercfsqatncssgcaqgylarimdsaivnhgakgcsadvigentnflwgqnirdlekrnvnvintnmteettvfgglkklrdaiweayrrfspkaifittscasaiigddvksvadeieaqinipvvpvfcegfrskiwasgfdaafhalltrivkppkekhpeiinmltfngsgrdyvaeilsnfglvpkfgipfstiediskmsesaatmsicgtlgsyfgngleqkygvpyirslqphgiagmdnwlrelgkvvgkveeieeyikqekekiapeleeikeklkgktavvgmgpsfshnyirvlgelgikviwgaswhfdqeydhgsipestielsekeydtpisvcdqqnfeilnllnklkpdlylsrhpgttvwptkmgipsvmvadefsafgyrgiidlgyriidalannnlalslskrvklpytswwfqqdtfkfledevk
>Caldicellulosiruptor_lactoaceticus_6A  coded_by=complement(1247005..1248294),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor lactoaceticus 6A,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maikafleqrqghivqsgipqcsrptipgvmsqractyygarwvlapvrnsthivhapadcayygqnvrkknylilstdmnekdvifgaheklercieeaakifpehsmifvystctssqigeeikwvvekvkekvqkpiipvevpgfggfsqsdghhiaqkaiisylseyckkestqpfsvniigeynvagetkvikkllkkigievicsytgdcdadlmqkstsaalnllvckssglllaqfmkerysipfvdvsfyglsntvnslkkiskffgiehkvemviseeyekirdklekykkkifgkkaiillggsrigfmagafkeagleicvcgsqfgcnidyeaarfelpsalfiddfncaeieeillriepdvfiggtrewylahkfgvpflvfpqetkpyacfegflnmcedlfkeihapvwrli
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_1021  coded_by=457737..459167,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 1021,definition=NifE nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mpslsaknqaffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmlerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleivgtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsrmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvreaapwemapargeemseeeall
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_2011  coded_by=457397..458827,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 2011,definition=NifE nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mpslsaknqaffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmlerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleivgtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsrmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvreaapwemapargeemseeeall
>cyanobacterium_endosymbiont_of_Rhopalodia_gibba  coded_by=12617..14029,organism=cyanobacterium endosymbiont of Rhopalodia gibba,definition=nitrogen fixation protein E
mkltkgkiselltqpgcehnhnkegqeknksckqqakpgaaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgsiacsgnswnsrgslssgpitykmgfttdisendvifggekklykaitrlvkrynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatakyktpvipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggeallqyvvgtrepeyttdydinligeynvagemwgvlplfekvgirvlakitgdaryeevcyshraklnvmicskalinmatameerysipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaaklgdlalqqrveelikteteqldkalapyrnrlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgievvatstkksteedkakikkllgkdgimlekgnatellqvieqtkadllvaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareldeavhspiwqqvrkpapweiwqqehedllnleae
>Frankia_symbiont_of_Datisca_glomerata  coded_by=complement(3326805..3328253),organism=Frankia symbiont of Datisca glomerata,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppvtsaetqamiddvlsayppkvekdrqkhvkpndpggakecevksnvksrpgimtlrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdlisishgpvgcgqytwgtrrnyangqlgvdnftvmqitsdfqekdivfggdkklaaildelvelfplakgvsiqsecpigligddidavataatkrldlpvvpvkcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhmlgtreiaeqtpyditllgdyniggdawasrkiledmglrviaqwsgdgtvnematahlaklnvlhcyrsmnyiattmeerygtpwtefnffgptkivesmrkiaeffddtikekteaaiaryqpffdkvretyrhrlegktvmlavgglrprhtvgayedlgmqiigtgyefahkddytrsypelkqgivvyddptayemeeftrrlkpdlvgagikekyvshkmrtpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvegfaifardmdsavnnpswdlfdapwvnskks
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_Y262  coded_by=19087..20670,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus Y262,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmeergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepdylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffgiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtakmnadltvsdevkfsevlheytgkydsiaeirarnqayaaeqkalrdavqpaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_R121  coded_by=19087..20670,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus R121,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmeergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepdylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffgiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtakmnadltvsdevkfsevlheytgkydsiaeirarnqayaaeqkalrdavqpaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_DE442  coded_by=19087..20670,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus DE442,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmeergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepdylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffgiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtakmnadltvsdevkfsevlheytgkydsiaeirarnqayaaeqkalrdavqpaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=626957..628540,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha subunit
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmeergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepdylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrarygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffgiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtakmnadltvsdevkfsevlheytgkydsiaeirarnqayaaeqkalrdavqpaae
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=2420007..2421572,organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mphhlfdcstciperekhavlkgpgegltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkntfatdvkekhivfgaegllkkniieafkafpdikrmtiyqtcataligddigavaqevmdempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawvnnkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvkygiprldidgfgfeplsaslrkigiffgiedraqaiideetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwanviheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelegleameklkpdviftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsgldiskdeiptgngfatqkmvsdaglsdeirnsetmreytggfdsvsklrnktypyleqqksaagv
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_H7-0357  coded_by=complement(6199551..6200906),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL H7-0357,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrkdefdseacgslspkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgalssgpslsqygfatdlndsdiifggekklkesidyiagrfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavckeagerlhipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepepgtplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnsagiavtsritgdarykeitwahrakvnmvvcsrallglakemesrygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaylmndremerrvdrltereesrlamdlrpyrkllkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasrilktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklasspapwdkeappydr
>Desulfovibrio_gigas_DSM_1382_=_ATCC_19364  coded_by=complement(1382772..1384439),organism=Desulfovibrio gigas DSM 1382 = ATCC 19364,definition=putative nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
matkskkpaeitteslasfkedvlkkyppkvarkrskqfllnefqgedaplieanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvilgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtrpdtetsenfipyafstdmnendivfggekklkaaireayalfkpkamaifatcpvgligddvnavardmkqelndqgidinifafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifthvvgtsdtvvegkyrinmlgeyniggdafviedlmhrcgitinatfsgnstyddfarahtadlncimchrsinyvaemmeikygipwikvnfigvestiksmrkiaeyfgdqelkdkveqviaeempavdaalkdikprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfremgmttlaagyefahrddyegrkvipsikvdadsrnieeldvhpdpelfkprksaeelkaldecgfefkdyhgmmpdmkpeslviddlnqyeadelvkkfrpdvfcagikekfsiqkmgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfagainfyqeidrlvntkvwgymkapwqkkpelvasyawnda
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(130473..131861),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit beta
msiseanygkrdlgeceklkktnsieqirygcalgaihsvfaiprvipithcgpgcaqkqvtaisfnngfqgggygggavipssninekevvfggenrlkeliegtfkvlkadlfvvmtgcipdtvgddvgavvgefqkkglpivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtkaiidqyvgdydgpkemglvnvwsllpyhntfwkgdlteikrilegvglkvnilfgnksdgvsewknikkaqfnlvlspwlglqtaehlkekygqpylhipvipigaketssflrkvvdfagidkekaerfieqerkeyynylegfsdfyaeyfwglpakfavigdsnynlaitkflvnqlgviparqiitdnppekyrrliveeykniaedvsvdvefeedsyiihekirktdfgnkppiifgttwerdlvkelrghiveigfpasyevvisksyvgyrgaltllekiytttvsasa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2309266..2310654),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msiseanygkrdlgeceklkktnsieqirygcalgaihsvfaiprvipithcgpgcaqkqvtaisfnngfqgggygggavipssninekevvfggenrlkeliegtfkvlkadlfvvmtgcipdtvgddvgavvgefqkkglpivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtkaiidqyvgdydgpkemglvnvwsllpyhntfwkgdlteikrilegvglkvnilfgnksdgvsewknikkaqfnlvlspwlglqtaehlkekygqpylhipvipigaketssflrkvvdfagidkekaerfieqerkeyynylegfsdfyaeyfwglpakfavigdsnynlaitkflvnqlgviparqiitdnppekyrrliveeykniaedvsvdvefeedsyiihekirktdfgnkppiifgttwerdlvkelrghiveigfpasyevvisksyvgyrgaltllekiytttvsasa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1114636..1116024,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit beta
msiseanygkrdlgeceklkktnsieqirygcalgaihsvfaiprvipithcgpgcaqkqvtaisfnngfqgggygggavipssninekevvfggenrlkeliegtfkvlkadlfvvmtgcipdtvgddvgavvgefqkkglpivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtkaiidqyvgdydgpkemglvnvwsllpyhntfwkgdlteikrilegvglkvnilfgnksdgvsewknikkaqfnlvlspwlglqtaehlkekygqpylhipvipigaketssflrkvvdfagidkekaerfieqerkeyynylegfsdfyaeyfwglpakfavigdsnynlaitkflvnqlgviparqiitdnppekyrrliveeykniaedvsvdvefeedsyiihekirktdfgnkppiifgttwerdlvkelrghiveigfpasyevvisksyvgyrgaltllekiytttvsasa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1114636..1116024,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit beta
msiseanygkrdlgeceklkktnsieqirygcalgaihsvfaiprvipithcgpgcaqkqvtaisfnngfqgggygggavipssninekevvfggenrlkeliegtfkvlkadlfvvmtgcipdtvgddvgavvgefqkkglpivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtkaiidqyvgdydgpkemglvnvwsllpyhntfwkgdlteikrilegvglkvnilfgnksdgvsewknikkaqfnlvlspwlglqtaehlkekygqpylhipvipigaketssflrkvvdfagidkekaerfieqerkeyynylegfsdfyaeyfwglpakfavigdsnynlaitkflvnqlgviparqiitdnppekyrrliveeykniaedvsvdvefeedsyiihekirktdfgnkppiifgttwerdlvkelrghiveigfpasyevvisksyvgyrgaltllekiytttvsasa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(444094..445482),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msiseanygkrdlgeceklkktnsieqirygcalgaihsvfaiprvipithcgpgcaqkqvtaisfnngfqgggygggavipssninekevvfggenrlkeliegtfkvlkadlfvvmtgcipdtvgddvgavvgefqkkglpivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtkaiidqyvgdydgpkemglvnvwsllpyhntfwkgdlteikrilegvglkvnilfgnksdgvsewknikkaqfnlvlspwlglqtaehlkekygqpylhipvipigaketssflrkvvdfagidkekaerfieqerkeyynylegfsdfyaeyfwglpakfavigdsnynlaitkflvnqlgviparqiitdnppekyrrliveeykniaedvsvdvefeedsyiihekirktdfgnkppiifgttwerdlvkelrghiveigfpasyevvisksyvgyrgaltllekiytttvsasa
>Azoarcus_sp._BH72  coded_by=complement(590023..591525),organism=Azoarcus sp. BH72,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkasevaalldepacthnkkeksgcarpkpgasaggcafdgaqiallpiadvahvvhgpiacagnswdnrgtkssgptlykigmttdlseqdiimgkaekrlfhgikqaverynppavfvyntcvpaligddieavckaaaerwgvpvvpidsagfygtknlgnriageamvkyvigtrepeplppeaippgikvhninligeyniagelwyltplfdelgirilctlsgdarfhevqtmhraevnmlvcakaminvarkmeerygipwfegsfygitdtsaalreiariigdedliarteaviareenrvrgeldvwrprlegkrvllftggvkswsvvsalqdlgmnvvasgtkksteedkarilelmgdktimlnsegardllnavyelkadiliaggrnlytalkarlpfldinqerefgyagyegmkelvrqlaltlespvwdavrkpapwtskamviagpelgdspdaddgndahghdhdhdhdhhhapagaaa
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=2393636..2395222,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgvmthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivllthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkavpqkgdgnfiqycfstnlgesdivfggekklkaaikeivdifnpkaificatcpvgligddlpavaneskelygidvisfpcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigtmdytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigyevisvmtgdasiddirkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpefterteaviaeeledikddmdyyrtkltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptiiedadlknievlevekiegkykpvktdeeleelkkeiinleyypgmmrdmkkgsivvddlnefeteefikklkldmffsgikdkyiiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgaanfgrdvtmslytpawkytvapwktesilegtfggev
>Chrysosporum_ovalisporum  coded_by=30484..31863,organism=Chrysosporum ovalisporum,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein Ni fE
mkstqgkinellsesgcehnqqkqgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykmgfttdlsendvifggekklykailelqerykpaaifvyatcvtaligddmeavckaaaeiiatpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggealleyvvgtaepetttpydinligeyniagemwgvtplleklgirvlskitgdarynevryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerynipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaqlgdadlqertekliaeetavldlalapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkarikkligqegimmekgnakellklvkdtgadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagylgmvemarelyealyspiweqirrpapwedtev
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae_SmR1  coded_by=1614..3068,organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae SmR1,definition=nitrogenase Mo-Fe protein alpha chain
msltveettarntelinevlkaypdktakrrakhlttqeegksdcnvksniksipgvmtippcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigktgidsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekivdeiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkskqyeghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhvandaikewvldkmdpdknqfvatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaementpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwveynffgpsqieaslrqiashfddkikegaerviakykaltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvidaygdlgmkvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvedgtliyddvtsyefekfvekiepdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydrfaifardmdmainspvwgmakapwka
>Methylacidiphilum_infernorum_V4  coded_by=complement(1747847..1749322),organism=Methylacidiphilum infernorum V4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor protein, alpha chain
msltidsgqasnlkeknkalikevlkaypektakkrekhlntfesgktdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqfttdfqerdivfggdkklakaleelqqlfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavakaksrdfggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvlektsgrkedfqgspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgslkelertprvklnilhcyrsmnyisrymeekfgipwveynffgptkiaeslrkiagffddkikegaekviekykpmvdsviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgfpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwkmtaapwktks
>Chloroherpeton_thalassium_ATCC_35110  coded_by=complement(1220920..1222554),organism=Chloroherpeton thalassium ATCC 35110,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvarqypapsevkeellkkyptkvakkrsksivlndpdqpkeiqanirtvpgiitqrgccyagckgvvlgptrdilnivhgpigcsyyawltrrnqtkpetaeeanyvpycfstdmqedhvvfggekkltkaieeayeifkpkaiaihstcpvgligddvhavaramtakledcnvfgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannglfkhvvgkdntvregkfrinllgeyniggdsfelerlfeecgitlvstysgnstyldlmnshmvdlnlvmchrsinyigemmetkygvpwlkvnfigaestakslrkmaeyfgdeelkakveevcerelakttaalaaskpktegklamlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmktiaagyefahrddyegreiipnikidadsknieelkikpdeelykprktaeeiealkakgvelgeykgmmpdmaehtfviddisqyeseklieiykpdvfcagvkekyviqkmgiplkqlhsydyggpyagfegainfykdiermvssriwklidapwekakkeqpeltatyva
>Desulfosporosinus_acididurans  coded_by=complement(162140..163495),organism=Desulfosporosinus acididurans,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mftnltkldlkdkpslaeagspklcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlyrrglttdllendviyggelklkeaileiaakhqpkaifvyatcvsaligddmskicaeaeaelpipvipvnapgflgdknignriagevlfervigsgdvsaekiplsinligeyniagdlwgilpdlknlgitlqtaitgdakfddlrsahraclnvlicsksltnlvrkmeirygipfiegsfygihdtsatliaiakalqdpdllvrtqayvqkreretraiiahhkkrlenkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpedfqrmkelmdptaqiiedtssagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyegmvtfaesltrtvfspvwgylraefppvgg
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_NF13  coded_by=complement(40957..42438),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri NF13,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndptleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideietlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkkaaehettvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfqttpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaeslraiaehfddsikakceqviakyqpeweaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwqkaeesaeqvaasa
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=4405163..4406638,organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mskinlslpevqireirinsitgyqgdakelvearefglkdkersfsqclgcatskaacmtvliqdgavishgpvgcasclhefaftyrvnyplrgierptprrifstnlkekdtvyggnikladtirevyertkanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkprkrrndminvinfwgsdvfsewfapfgakpnyitpfstvnglkyaseavatvqacstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkvlgkeeiaekiiaekrkeylpkiealreklagktayvtagaahghalldvlgelgmkavgaaifhhdpiydsgrqendqlaqrvadygnvfnynvcnkqefelvnalnrirpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyeglvnygerileviendefvknlekhainpytkwwleqppyyfleggagk
>Sinorhizobium_medicae_WSM419  coded_by=complement(1144475..1145977),organism=Sinorhizobium medicae WSM419,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysaltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkaamlaasgaae
>Methylococcus_capsulatus_str._Bath  coded_by=227222..228682,organism=Methylococcus capsulatus str. Bath,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msltveqvkqrnkdlikevlevypdktakrrakhlgtfeegkpdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkagdkhpefqstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhleekygvpwveynffgptkiaeslrkiasffddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveaiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwgmtkapwksaa
>Geofilum_rubicundum_JCM_15548  coded_by=complement(134312..135940),organism=Geofilum rubicundum JCM 15548,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgtkkkadlekfrdevvekypkkvgrkrakaiinndpdtipqiqanirtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgptrdiinithgpigcgyyswltrrnqtkpeteaeanfisycfstdmqdsnivfggedklkqaireavelfnpkaigvfstcpvgligddvhnvakqmmaeydnkinifgfscegyrgvsqsaghhiannqlykhlignddtvngaakyrinllgeyniggdsfvleeifkkcgielvatfsgnstishfeqahtadlsmvmchrsinyvaemletsfgipwikvnfigadatakalrkvaayfedeelkakveeviaeemaavdmareavlpktngktsmlfvggsrahhyqelfselgiktiaagyefghrddyegrrvlpsiqvdadtrnieeitvtkdekrfkeritkekieelekaidleyneygglmadmekgaliiddlshyemdklielyhpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhnydsggpyagfkgainfyndiammvstsiwkelkapwereevieaayvy
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rbc1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rbc1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvapeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._uim17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. uim17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvapeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC372A00  coded_by=68027..69517,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC372A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddidavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtaephdagphdinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvqkgadpeilgrtelliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigivivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddyhifeqmaardlyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlairnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavgeerpctksetvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Mesorhizobium_huakuii  coded_by=939..2441,organism=Mesorhizobium huakuii,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageegevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkksprrersmaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11217  coded_by=940..2442,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11217,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageegevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkksprrersmaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11214  coded_by=940..2442,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11214,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageegevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkksprrersmaae
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=2135026..2136576,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
makvkkinldfvdvenrekrlgtitawdgsasdlvkesnyqiralkkgkscggergtgcklcelkmpfnqqtmcsqsivacqvgnipdailiehssigcsaahprfnvgykiglirrgkkveniqivstnllekdmvfgatqklrqsiqdawvrfkpkaifisaacataiigediasvareaenelgipviplscegfrskhwstgfdisqhgilrqivnkhpkkqkdliniialwgtdyfsemlnpiglrvnyvidmatvdelaqsseaaasatfcftlgsymaaaleqeygvpeikapqpyglkgtdtwlreigklvnkenqveefikkehervkpkidelkeklkgvrgfvatgsayahgiitvlkelgievngsvvfhhdpvydggneeqdtlkflvdnygdvehftvsktqqfqfygilrrvspdfiiirhnglaplaakvgipafplgdehlpfgyqgiirmgeallevlahkkfgenlkrhvklpytkwwldqedpfilakhpeildee
>Bradyrhizobium_cytisi  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium cytisi,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._phaseoli_str._IE4803  coded_by=complement(346302..347792),organism=Rhizobium etli bv. phaseoli str. IE4803,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpllnakvqdvfdepaceknrskdskarkngcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihgplgcegnswdnrgsassgptlwrtsfttdltetevvmghgerklfkaireikdvyappaifvystcmtaltgddieavckraaeifglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepndasaydinivgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmearwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqickllvtkgadpeilertealieeeeaiawkrlatyrprlegkrvllntggvkswsivhalmevgmeivgtsvkkstpedkerikqllkdenhvfesmaprelynmladhkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwievrepapwecqhavegelantksenetgyafqhsvgsvpgsfgkr
>Vibrio_natriegens_NBRC_15636_=_ATCC_14048_=_DSM_759  coded_by=112335..113753,organism=Vibrio natriegens NBRC 15636 = ATCC 14048 = DSM 759,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkrseikllqdepacehnsgeksgcsrpkpgataggccfdgaqisllpiadvghivhgpigcagnswnnrgtralgsnlfrygfttdlneqdvimgraekrllhaikqlikqhqppavfvymtcvpalegndieaicslaterwnipvipvdaagfygnknlgnriagnvmvehvvgsaeppakpkmlhdstrlvhdivligeyniagefwhvsplferlglrvlccmagdtqfhqiqtmhradaamvvcaraqvnvarkleekwgipwfegsfygvedtsnslrefarllgdpklseevealiaeeesrirsalvpyaeklrgkrallytggvkswsvvsalqelgiecvatgtrkstqsdknkileimgkdalmldeggarllldtyhqhhadvmiaggrnmytalkaklpfldinqerehayagyegmltlakelcrtieapiwqtvqsqapwivedttftsaiiekga
>Pantoea_sp._At-9b  coded_by=complement(16887..18335),organism=Pantoea sp. At-9b,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msnatadrnleiiqevleiypektrkerrkhmmvtdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyftgisgvdsfvtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemeelfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddisavakasstainkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregqpftttpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkvaeslrkiadqfddqiranaeaviaryqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhligayedlgmeiiaagyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawgqltapwlksa
>Pantoea_sp._At-9b  coded_by=complement(318443..319891),organism=Pantoea sp. At-9b,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msnatadrnleiiqevleiypektrkerrkhmmvtdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyftgisgvdsfvtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemeelfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddisavakasstainkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregqpftttpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkvaeslrkiadqfddqiranaeaviaryqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhligayedlgmeiiaagyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawgqltapwlksa
>Desulfocapsa_sulfexigens_DSM_10523  coded_by=397736..399376,organism=Desulfocapsa sulfexigens DSM 10523,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mvtatkkkmvqwdpadvkaelikkyppkvarkrakqiminealenetpeitanvrttpgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtdagpdgdnfinycfstdmqeqdiifggekklaaavqeiydlmhpksiaifatcpvgligddihtvaknmkdklgdcnvyafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfrhivgendtptegefkinllgeyniggdgfeidrifkkcgitniatfsgnstydqfatahqadlnavmchrsinyvadmletkfgipwikvnfiganatakslrkiaayfedqalidrveavikeempevetavadirsrtegktamlfvggsrahhyqelfkevgmkiisagyefahrddyegrqvlpnlkvdadsrnieeieveadatrfkprktpvqlvaledagvkfkhydglapdmeegtliiddlnqyeaeklveimkpdifcagikekfsimklgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfqgainfyheidrltsskvwtylkapwqespeltaayvwe
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(16325..17650),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mseiiqgprhgcalgaqqtvvaieraipilhagpgcgsklhrglslaggyqgagyagadaipctnmiekdvvfggtdklrdviegtlkimdgdffvvltgctadiigddvgsivsefreqgvpivhaetagfkgdaykghelvleaiikqhlkpaaqiekglvnvfasvprhdpfwegdlneikkllagiglkanilfgynsggikaleeipaaqfnlvvspyiglkiaelleekfqtpylhypvlpvggietskflrtvaefagtlseqtekfvvqqeeefyhyivraadvlteyrlnqpkrfynindasyalgfskflvnelgyfpihqfinedvpeeykdaiegyfkelspeissgitftqdggviedkirsikaltaplvlasswefdiakeisglhlsvglpiidrlilhhtyvgyigglnlvediytrllsknre
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(119037..120362),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mseiiqgprhgcalgaqqtvvaieraipilhagpgcgsklhrglslaggyqgagyagadaipctnmiekdvvfggtdklrdviegtlkimdgdffvvltgctadiigddvgsivsefreqgvpivhaetagfkgdaykghelvleaiikqhlkpaaqiekglvnvfasvprhdpfwegdlneikkllagiglkanilfgynsggikaleeipaaqfnlvvspyiglkiaelleekfqtpylhypvlpvggietskflrtvaefagtlseqtekfvvqqeeefyhyivraadvlteyrlnqpkrfynindasyalgfskflvnelgyfpihqfinedvpeeykdaiegyfkelspeissgitftqdggviedkirsikaltaplvlasswefdiakeisglhlsvglpiidrlilhhtyvgyigglnlvediytrllsknre
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(16121..17446),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mseiiqgprhgcalgaqqtvvaieraipilhagpgcgsklhrglslaggyqgagyagadaipctnmiekdvvfggtdklrdviegtlkimdgdffvvltgctadiigddvgsivsefreqgvpivhaetagfkgdaykghelvleaiikqhlkpaaqiekglvnvfasvprhdpfwegdlneikkllagiglkanilfgynsggikaleeipaaqfnlvvspyiglkiaelleekfqtpylhypvlpvggietskflrtvaefagtlseqtekfvvqqeeefyhyivraadvlteyrlnqpkrfynindasyalgfskflvnelgyfpihqfinedvpeeykdaiegyfkelspeissgitftqdggviedkirsikaltaplvlasswefdiakeisglhlsvglpiidrlilhhtyvgyigglnlvediytrllsknre
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=35797..37122,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mseiiqgprhgcalgaqqtvvaieraipilhagpgcgsklhrglslaggyqgagyagadaipctnmiekdvvfggtdklrdviegtlkimdgdffvvltgctadiigddvgsivsefreqgvpivhaetagfkgdaykghelvleaiikqhlkpaaqiekglvnvfasvprhdpfwegdlneikkllagiglkanilfgynsggikaleeipaaqfnlvvspyiglkiaelleekfqtpylhypvlpvggietskflrtvaefagtlseqtekfvvqqeeefyhyivraadvlteyrlnqpkrfynindasyalgfskflvnelgyfpihqfinedvpeeykdaiegyfkelspeissgitftqdggviedkirsikaltaplvlasswefdiakeisglhlsvglpiidrlilhhtyvgyigglnlvediytrllsknre
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=126495..127820,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mseiiqgprhgcalgaqqtvvaieraipilhagpgcgsklhrglslaggyqgagyagadaipctnmiekdvvfggtdklrdviegtlkimdgdffvvltgctadiigddvgsivsefreqgvpivhaetagfkgdaykghelvleaiikqhlkpaaqiekglvnvfasvprhdpfwegdlneikkllagiglkanilfgynsggikaleeipaaqfnlvvspyiglkiaelleekfqtpylhypvlpvggietskflrtvaefagtlseqtekfvvqqeeefyhyivraadvlteyrlnqpkrfynindasyalgfskflvnelgyfpihqfinedvpeeykdaiegyfkelspeissgitftqdggviedkirsikaltaplvlasswefdiakeisglhlsvglpiidrlilhhtyvgyigglnlvediytrllsknre
>Cedecea_neteri  coded_by=3410678..3412126,organism=Cedecea neteri,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatsernqaiiqevlevfpekarkerkkhmmvtdpamdgvgkcivsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvnsfgtlnftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklieeleqlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanasrkaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnrdgkpfeatpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementphvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpelkegtlmfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswseltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR614  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR614,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeygsktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR419  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR419,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeygsktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=complement(5622691..5624364),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
msslsatiqnvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakvalqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsqiwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlykaikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddinavckaasakfgkpcipvnspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigtvepevttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirisacisgdgrykdvasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapadlldrteaviareeakawaaiepfkkrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagmelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiddmapremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqershafmgyigmvklvaeidkaiynpmweqlrkrapwetasnnwqakaiaqanaeaaalaadpvaaeaarrakkichcksvdlgtiedaikahgltdvagvrthtnasggcgacagrvedilaaqkapaellqaae
>Chlorobium_chlorochromatii_CaD3  coded_by=1712231..1713592,organism=Chlorobium chlorochromatii CaD3,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdsigilearqkqviekkagesqpeiacdttslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadaihlvhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfstdlhemeviyggekklysslkeliaqyqpkaafiystcivgligddidavckkveketgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaacfslmkligtgstegiskysinilgefnlageawmirqyyenmgvevvatltgdgridairrahgaslnvvqcsgsmtwlakemeakygipfirvsyfgiedmskslydvarhfedrpeimeatkkivsdevtklypslqkfkkalqgkkaaiyvggafktfslikalrsigmsvvlagsqtgnkddynrlkemcdegtiivddsnpvelskfilekeadlliggvkerpiafklgvafcdhnherkiplagfegmynfalevyqsvmspvwqfaprkggal
>Leptolyngbya_boryana  coded_by=complement(24265..25650),organism=Leptolyngbya boryana,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifNE alpha subunit
mrmtqgkinellsetgcehnhkkdqkknksctqvaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpiadvahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgetlykmgfttditendvifggekrlykaiaevqqryqpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqkaaekfgvpvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnriggeslldyvvgtgepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlakitgdarykeityahraklnvmicskalinmgrkmeerygipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaakigdanlqervelliadetakldealapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmevmatstkksteedkskikellgkdgimlekgnaqellrviaqtkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareidealhspvwqqvrqpapwetqrlevl
>Leptolyngbya_boryana  coded_by=2490705..2492090,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrmtqgkinellsetgcehnhkkdqkknksctqvaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpiadvahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgetlykmgfttditendvifggekrlykaiaevqqryqpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqkaaekfgvpvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnriggeslldyvvgtgepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlakitgdarykeityahraklnvmicskalinmgrkmeerygipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaakigdanlqervelliadetakldealapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmevmatstkksteedkskikellgkdgimlekgnaqellrviaqtkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareidealhspvwqqvrqpapwetqrlevl
>Leptolyngbya_boryana_IAM_M-101  coded_by=2490705..2492090,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana IAM M-101,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrmtqgkinellsetgcehnhkkdqkknksctqvaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpiadvahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgetlykmgfttditendvifggekrlykaiaevqqryqpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqkaaekfgvpvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnriggeslldyvvgtgepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlakitgdarykeityahraklnvmicskalinmgrkmeerygipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaakigdanlqervelliadetakldealapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmevmatstkksteedkskikellgkdgimlekgnaqellrviaqtkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareidealhspvwqqvrqpapwetqrlevl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Leb-16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Leb-16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepeakskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Brenneria_goodwinii  coded_by=4362229..4363578,organism=Brenneria goodwinii,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mdqpacdhngghksgcsapqpgtaaggcafdgaqitllpitdvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgshssgpqinrlgfttdmseqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhiveryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraaaevnhvpviaidaagfygsknlgnriagdivakkvigqrepapwpedfaipesqghsigligeyniagefwhvlplldrlgirvlgslsgdarfaeiqtlhrtevnmlvcsralinvarhlemhygtpwfegsfygvremssslrtlagllddehlqarterliaqeeqaanlalapyrqrlkgkrallytggvkswsvvsalqdlglevvatgtkksteedkarirelmgdravmledgnarllldtayrynadimiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyqgivalarqlcstlespiwpqvnrrapwhi
>Desulfomonile_tiedjei_DSM_6799  coded_by=6318959..6320350,organism=Desulfomonile tiedjei DSM 6799,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mgstifserqnqivrkgrepfqiacnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpalhrlsfstdlqerdvifggeeklerallelierhdpkaafvystcivgiigddldavcnrvaaktgipvlpvqsegfkgnkragynaackamfrligtgdtsdvsplsinilgdfnlageiwiireyfrkmglqvvanitgdgrvadiqrahgaalnvvqcsgatmdlalmmkeeygtpflrvsyfgiedmaeslykiadffldqdpdmldrtsalvkeevdviypellkyrndltgkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrllgmdvvlvgsqtgteedykelseitddgtiivddsnplelssflqekdvdvfvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkealegfvgmlnfareihssvlspvwrfvprktgkktlqlmrkaepas
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB18  coded_by=complement(4967641..4969152),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB18,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mavgaqisgpakrgmtmssaiaattedtkarnkeligevlkaypekfakrrakhlgtyeseksecgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgklideievlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskakskqydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdksadkparfeqtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsvaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgpskissslreiashfddkikegaerviakytprmeaviaqykprlqgkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdstliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdiainapvwklnkapws
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_138_str._F0429  coded_by=complement(34822..36075),organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 138 str. F0429,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mpavwwalsyargalvifhsprscahvvrekdvgsfhrlvgagtyappspvplltsgigegdavfgaaerlracvryavekyhphavfiggscvsgiigddtravaeemeeeldlpvvavptsgfldnesfdgylsvarvltdrfmhpparvrqgtvaflgdyggfyssyvqelkrllagiglqltvqfptytpldeiqavseaellvvlgsamsdekqemliafaeelhtrfgtpyfaeafaggaeetahwlrcigarcgraseaeevirceeeaferilvraremldgrrtvlvvgrelhwlqpeillrliekagvrlagiillalfteeqrtaveeglrqctdvpilaveepasedllrsvdfvftthelvdvelrqillgklptvgwamerqliedmehvlyrhtdrggliyg
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC412B00  coded_by=95900..97402,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC412B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlnvaksggevgeeseilsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaiiakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msleyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkrhlsvsrnkretaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehkttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkkevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleqiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapaaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqigaslrqiakhfgpeieeraeriiarysgltdavldkystrlrgkramlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkdgtliyddvsgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwslydapwkkvtmpaaagaae
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=25870..27435,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavvkgpgeditsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhiifgaekllkqniieafkafpsikrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiaaevmeempevdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgnvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkkmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelkvrygtprldidgfgfepmsaslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetakwkpelewykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihdemglevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceegtlaiddpnelegleamemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpwkgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlslvdiskeeiptetkfltqkmisdmnlseevtsskdlreytgkydiiselrgktypdfpaqkklsav
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=1241614..1243179,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavvkgpgeditsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhiifgaekllkqniieafkafpsikrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiaaevmeempevdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgnvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkkmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelkvrygtprldidgfgfepmsaslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetakwkpelewykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihdemglevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceegtlaiddpnelegleamemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpwkgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlslvdiskeeiptetkfltqkmisdmnlseevtsskdlreytgkydiiselrgktypdfpaqkklsav
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R5-0912  coded_by=complement(6327636..6329093),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R5-0912,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglniednkklieevleaypkkakkdrekhfqvatdnaidcgtcavksniksrpgvmtprgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslraiaalfdttiqencekmiakykpvmdaiinkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmleegtiimddptayeleeltrkmnidlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkvfakdmdmtvnspvwdlvtrkekmepeeasi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ce1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ce1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcghyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._tri9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. tri9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeterrvestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfocapsa_sulfexigens_DSM_10523  coded_by=406055..407398,organism=Desulfocapsa sulfexigens DSM 10523,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mellkereeqihrtgeqpftltcnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqeidvifggekkltnalfelierhspkaafvystcivgiigddleavcrnvqkevnipvipvksegfkgnkragytaacnamarligtgdttgispysinilgdfnlageiwmireyferigvevvanitgdgriadiqrahgaalnvvqcsgstmdlakvmedeygipsmrvsyfgvedmaqalydvaghfnnpeimaktqalvkeelqellpklefykkaltgkkaaiyvggsfkafslvkafrllgmdvvmvgsqtgteqeyrelaeitdpgtiivddtnpleltsfleektvdifvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkealagfvgmlnfaeevyssvmspvwrftyqkaekk
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(110205..111536),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
msniveqpryvcalgaqqtvlaiknaipithagpgcsskmfqalcthsgyqgqgyaggsaipstnssekevvfggegklkdtidgtlkvmkgdffvvltgctadivgddvdqvvseyrkrgipvanaatggfsgsnykghelviraivdqligdvepkvkkglvnvfsvlpyqdtywrgdleaikallekigfevnilfgnsskgieewkevpnaefnlvlspwagldtakylekkygtpylhyptlpigavetsnflrtvgafgkiekqkvddvikqeeerfydylqstvdfltenrstlpnkfytiadstyslgitkflvnelgltpkvqyvveepsqrhleliekefkntsedlevkvlfendggkihkdildkyhkpkeililgssweknlvdeikgvllyvslpinhkivvnktyvgydgglnltediyskvierntr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC220B00  coded_by=45171..46661,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC220B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikegygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekyglpvvpvnapgflgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepdgagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdiagahraraammvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvqkgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsikkstvedkerikqilkddnhmfeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavreelprmknetatlhvvqefagttaddfgac
>Heliobacterium_gestii  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=Heliobacterium gestii,definition=dinitrogenase 3 alpha subunit
sergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhivfgaekllkkniieafqafpdikrmtiyqtcasaligddinaiaqevmdelpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawidqkvgtvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplstslrkiglffgiedraqaiieeetarwkpeldwyke
>Bradyrhizobium_iriomotense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium iriomotense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhelgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpeterrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrp
>Blastochloris_viridis  coded_by=complement(2639208..2640782),organism=Blastochloris viridis,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mlkdkikaafdepacatnrakaaaarakgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakislqpitdaahivhgplacegnswdnrgsgssgsdlwrrsfttdlteldivtgngekklykaireistrfkpaavfvystcvtaligddidavckhasikyglpvipvhspgfagsknlgnklagnalldhvigthqpddvgptdvvilgefnlagefwlvkplldqlgirvrtcvpgdaryldvaaahtanvtmvvcstaliglarrmeerwgipyfegsfygitdtseslrrlarmlvergapadltvrtealiaaeearawarletyrarlagkrvllntggvkswsivaalmelgmeivgtsvkkstvedkmrvqilmreeahafegmaprdlyaqlkgggadimlsggrtqfialkarmpwldinqerihpyagydgtielvrqidisinnpvwdevrtpapwdndgrltdqhlrqvapadddadatdptftarhrkkfansrvdntdsdylahhrkkfagrdaddigdd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aai25  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aai25,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApB16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApB16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApCV2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApCV2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApT12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApT12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcdr4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcdr4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methylosinus_trichosporium_OB3b  coded_by=108789..110459,organism=Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msavsakiqdvfnepgcdknkgksekerkkgctkqlapgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaktsgsslyrtgfttdisetdvvfggekrlyksikeiidkynppavfvyqtcvpamigddidavckaaskkfdkpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageaildhvigteepeyttpydiniigeynlagelwqvkplldelgirilacisgdakykevayshrakasmmvcskaminvarkmeerydipffegsfygigdmsdslreiarlliergapaelmdrtnaviereearaweriapyrdrllgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtpremfkmlrdaqadimlsggrsqfialkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmvelvqeidkalynpvweqvrrpppwqektweeraneaiaaeaaalaadpvmaeaarrekrvckchnvnvgaledairdgkltsveavgaathagtgcggcqgtietmldaanasgavpaslaa
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(<1..1009),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msvinlkasevqtrearlgsitgfagtagelvgcaragtlkesersfsqcmgcssgnafcqfsmiqdaivvnhapvgcagdfftfnfvyrvgqmerdlspvigryfstnieeqdtifgatqkladtirkayervrpnaifittscasgiigddvegvandlseelgipviacfcegfkskiwttgfdaayhsivrklvkppekksnkvnvinfwgskifdellnplgyevdyivpfstvaqlehiseaaatiqicstlgtyigaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdrwmreigrvldsqgeieeviakehervlpkleeyrnklqgktayltagg
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(<1..1008),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msvinlkasevqtrearlgsitgfagtagelvgcaragtlkesersfsqcmgcssgnafcqfsmiqdaivvnhapvgcagdfftfnfvyrvgqmerdlspvigryfstnieeqdtifgatqkladtirkayervrpnaifittscasgiigddvegvandlseelgipviacfcegfkskiwttgfdaayhsivrklvkppekksnkvnvinfwgskifdellnplgyevdyivpfstvaqlehiseaaatiqicstlgtyigaaleqvygvpeiksppaygiagtdrwmreigrvldsqgeieeviakehervlpkleeyrnklqgktayltagg
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._AAP120  coded_by=complement(3717..5180),organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. AAP120,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msrladkiqdvfnepgcaanqaksdkqrkkgcskplqpggaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgtkssgsklyrtgfttdmgendvifggekrlfrsikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpammgddivavckvaaekfgkpcipiispgfvgpknlgnklageamldyvigtqepevttpydiniigeynvagelwqvkplldelgirilsclsgdaryhevaqshraraammvcstaminvarkmeerygipyfegsfygisdtseslrqiarlliargadaelmdrvealiareeakawaaikaytprlegkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagltivgtsvkkstkedkerlkemspdvhqiddlrpremykmlkeaqadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqersyaycgyvgivemvrqidkslsnpiwaqvrsappwdevtwetradaanaidarqraifgpraqva
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=complement(5923..7257),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
maifierprtscalggalatmsalprvvpiihsalgcggnlsgaaafgagycgssyasgqsaptsavteteivfggsdrlheeiqstldlidadlfvvatgcmtemigddvqgvvsefaggrkpviaistpsfkgdayagysitlegifnkylprsnpkkpklvnlfglvpsydpffrgdlseikrlleklgleantfftpdqtfanlasapsaslnilfshvwgvefvenfeqrhgtpywitdlpigpeatdhflkevaekleieaqrveeviaqenkeyygyfqravdiftdadykfyaaiitnsnyaipyaeflerelgwvpkdifitdllhdgqkellreafqaknllgeliferdtsrigvtlrqrhpqdqgqryfdaytplyllgsslekelavgrglnylsvsfpvynriivdrgysgyrgglhlfedlidvlvapk
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(4580519..4581853),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=putative nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein beta chain
maifierprtscalggalatmsalprvvpiihsalgcggnlsgaaafgagycgssyasgqsaptsavteteivfggsdrlheeiqstldlidadlfvvatgcmtemigddvqgvvsefaggrkpviaistpsfkgdayagysitlegifnkylprsnpkkpklvnlfglvpsydpffrgdlseikrlleklgleantfftpdqtfanlasapsaslnilfshvwgvefvenfeqrhgtpywitdlpigpeatdhflkevaekleieaqrveeviaqenkeyygyfqravdiftdadykfyaaiitnsnyaipyaeflerelgwvpkdifitdllhdgqkellreafqaknllgeliferdtsrigvtlrqrhpqdqgqryfdaytplyllgsslekelavgrglnylsvsfpvynriivdrgysgyrgglhlfedlidvlvapk
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense  coded_by=complement(4564581..4565915),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense,definition=Oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maifierprtscalggalatmsalprvvpiihsalgcggnlsgaaafgagycgssyasgqsaptsavteteivfggsdrlheeiqstldlidadlfvvatgcmtemigddvqgvvsefaggrkpviaistpsfkgdayagysitlegifnkylprsnpkkpklvnlfglvpsydpffrgdlseikrlleklgleantfftpdqtfanlasapsaslnilfshvwgvefvenfeqrhgtpywitdlpigpeatdhflkevaekleieaqrveeviaqenkeyygyfqravdiftdadykfyaaiitnsnyaipyaeflerelgwvpkdifitdllhdgqkellreafqaknllgeliferdtsrigvtlrqrhpqdqgqryfdaytplyllgsslekelavgrglnylsvsfpvynriivdrgysgyrgglhlfedlidvlvapk
>Thermodesulfatator_indicus_DSM_15286  coded_by=1114699..1115973,organism=Thermodesulfatator indicus DSM 15286,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlstlktevlppkscglktepgsmsqrscvyfgaryvlgpikeavhlvhgavgcsyygkmvrgtpapvwttnmdeenvifggreklkkalfqalqidssakgafvyltcvsgligedvtsvaqevsekvgkpvkvvscpgfsgfsqskghelsyklifelikpveqakepvvnligeynvggetkvikelleklgikvhvsltgeatwskietmakaslnlmfcgataenfcremkrtfgipfmkvsfygfkstsaslrkiaaffdipeekvekviaegekwalskifpwrkyfygkkalivlgtyrlgpqgkmlkelglevvaaasifgrlddhveaysvtsrvtddpgdceveealkllrpdivltnardqwrpvkfgipvlsfpqpkergpyagykgmvnfahdlyrclrapvwqllrael
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR330  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR330,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgvtgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpenkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR286  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR286,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgvtgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpenkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR217  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR217,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgvtgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpenkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR67  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR67,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgvtgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpenkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR65  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR65,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgvtgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpenkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._UU22sfb  coded_by=<1..>777,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. UU22sfb,definition=NifD
rakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfdptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=1461..2837,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllnsdkaiperekhtyikapsesilplsnvqttpgdftergcayagclgvvcgpikdvihlvhgpigcaywtwgggtrqnlsdnpgfhrkycfstdmqedniifggedklyesvleaheefpeakgvfvyatctigligddlkgvckraedeigirvvpfncegfrgcsqslghhiandtlfervvgtkepeymtdydmniigdyniqgdlweimplfermgiripstftgnasiddiaqahraklnlmhcqrstpyickrmeekygipvlkaslfgveqtskalrdvaaffgledkaeeiieeevskvspkiaayrtkfegkrvfiyqgaprawhwvnmfrelgvetiaaattfgheddyakicervndgvlvidnpnsleleeiltdwkpdlfisglkekylsyklgvpfinghayekgpyavysgflnfardvekalfapvwglirrgnda
>Methanoculleus_sp._CAG:1088  coded_by=complement(26150..28303),organism=Methanoculleus sp. CAG:1088,definition=nifH/frxC-family protein
mgrkiaiygkggigkstvssnltaalgdmgvkvmqvgcdpkhdstrgliggrsqntvleylktvkpedrrlkdvmatgyrgclcveaggpepgvgcagrgiisafdllndlgaesvdtditlfdvlgdvvcggfavplrngyadtvyivtsgefmsiyaannilrgtanydpdrigglifnsrgdpaedgrvmafseavgvpviavfgrspifmeaekqgktvvemrpdspeassfrglaqkvlegrryrarflsedelertilgrtsvpekaapasvqsstgsrrprpyssriaeydeplngcafsgassvctsieglttvlhspkscahftiqldsnsvngamrrgyrvvkafedpdvictdmkehdmifgggkalehalgkciaagkkdiavitacppgiigddvpgivgkvemnnpgtricilkedgnatgdfmqgvidagiglverfsspgetipfsvnligsktmssnmqselahvssilsslgitvncilpgitdmkglegasratvnlklnpdvfsdkicrfledrygmktleepvrggiegtsrwvrcvarffgceeradmiidgirerfdrmmdgprrilsgktccivainndvswiveavegagleikgayilsrsdhtddltdermpdgftaiyendvpdvmrninsshpdillvpaiadvdpsiyqsrlpcapstdtfaargltddwirgmlapreegwrkdva
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11231  coded_by=951..2453,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11231,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeaseegealsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekvitkyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkkspsrgramaae
>Rhizobium_grahamii_CCGE_502  coded_by=complement(11341..12840),organism=Rhizobium grahamii CCGE 502,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpsltakiqdvfnepaceknrskdakarksgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassgpmlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgkgerklfkaireineayappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnklagetlldhvigtvepddvgsydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvacahrakasmlvcstalinlaremkerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvakganpeiltrtealieeeeaiawkklaayrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkdenhmfesmaprelytmladhqvdimlsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapweyqpgveeelpstqggpetvhakkesapqllasasaeesl
>Methanococcus_aeolicus_Nankai-3  coded_by=complement(1481814..1483223),organism=Methanococcus aeolicus Nankai-3,definition=Nitrogenase
mektqnagdtniisdinanstnknvkgridrighcitndnntlpacaeftqpgdfsersctfhgskiiinshiknvihlihspascayyswdyrpdtysfcfttdikeedvvfggekklydailkiceefnpdaifvyetcqtaligddisavvkevkkklkntnhknkdtpilafecagfkgktqnkghmiankklfeliatkeveevleqpptpydvniigdfstgssnsieqifnkmgvrvlcsftgnatidririmdsaklnivhcmkssiqfanmmekvyevpyivsnffgiqnccdalenigkildidkkvvdntidyylnknekeleyykkelkgkkvfichgaqralnymgptmeelemevvgvatyfankenyekivkqlpkgaviidnpntyelenaiidckpdifisdsktkelvhklgipyingrapstvyigfdgfvnfakdvygainsniwklvk
>Beggiatoa_leptomitiformis  coded_by=883816..885297,organism=Beggiatoa leptomitiformis,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtvmtreetealiqevlevypedakkdrakhlavndtsleksnkcitsnkkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvntfvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkldklideievlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkgklynkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlhrrdednsfqstpydvavigdyniggdawasrtlleemglrvvaqwsgdgslaemeltpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptkiaeslrkiasffddkikqgaerviaryegmmkeviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgagyefahnddydrtikemgdatllyddvtgfefeefvkkikpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwnklhapwanaveaeqkvavng
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvc8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvc8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgniepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvc20  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvc20,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgniepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvc13  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvc13,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgniepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvc12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvc12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgniepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aic10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aic10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpegnptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mitsuokella_sp._oral_taxon_131_str._W9106  coded_by=24297..25598,organism=Mitsuokella sp. oral taxon 131 str. W9106,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgteakrvmmrrmncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvifhsprpcahiahgmdvgsfhrlraagakvrlspvplltsslsdaeaifggedrlrecirfaaekyrpqaifianscvsgvigddtcavaeemeqelglpvcavsahgfldgayyagyldaarvlvdrfmkpaercagsvvllgdcggfhgayveelcrllgllplrvagqfpsylalsemdvvpaaellivlgqrsdekqallvdlarhiqerfgtpyladvyavgseetkewlravgrlcgreweaeeairaeesafqravdevrptlaerrvtfaigrdldwfqpkiimrllkkagvelagvvlldsflpgrrevmeeevvrltdapisyegsreaeelfktadfvlttheltdarlrqiflalmpsvgwsmekkllrdmvhivcrhesrggliyg
>Desulfotomaculum_hydrothermale_Lam5_=_DSM_18033  coded_by=complement(469688..471307),organism=Desulfotomaculum hydrothermale Lam5 = DSM 18033,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mainqkvleemlnqypskvkrnrkkhiiikdsalarqeieantrtipgiitnrgcafagckgvvlgplkdvihivhgpigcafytwgarrnkaksedptknfinycvstdmqesdivfggekklarmidevmeifkpnaitisatcpvgligddlqavakaaqekhgipilafncegykgvsqsaghhiannglmegvigqgdweeapgkypinilgeyniggdsweverilkeigytviavmtgdgsyeelknahvaelnlvqchrsinyiadmletkygtpwlkvnfigvqdtidslrnmalyfgdpaliqkteeviarelarvepilgqykkicqgktafcfvggsrghhyqglyaelgietvlagyefahrddyegrdvipeikldadtknipdlhvtpderrfrlkispermeelkkkiplsnykgmniemkdgsiivddlnhfeteefirllkpdifssgikdkyvvqkmgipskqlhsydysgpyagfngavnfardiamaftsptwnfitppwknepllegiiaeggcskc
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R7-0331  coded_by=complement(5655417..5656874),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-0331,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgldieankklveevleaypkkakkdrekhyqinteeaqtcgtcalksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswatrrnyasgtlgidnftamqvtsdfqetdivfggdkklevimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmsrelempivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvlgkadlaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvehmekaygipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaalfdetiqancekliakykpqmdiiidkfkprlenkkvllmigglrsrhtigayedlgmeivasgyefahkddyekmfpmlkegavimddptayeleelaqkmnidlvgsgikekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnspvwnlmkkkekvqkeeasi
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=complement(2062812..2064170),organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=Nitrogenase
maetgienessgddihdiqeapryscslagayastlgvygavpvlhsgggcgvaqlfgqfytsgesapgvqggtgtpctslveqhvifggedrlrklirsttelmdgslfvvitgcvpsligddvesvvrefkeetknripiiyvnapgfsgntykgyelflnavidqylvpikkkkrtinilgvvpfqhvfwkgdleilkntfakigvevntiftefdgpeklkripaaelnlvlnpwlghsiaerleekfgtpyvtfpsvpvgpqqttallgivaeklgipekkvkevvaaeerrayrnveyfgdaliigmphsytavvgdsataigitkyianevgylpditiitdnppeekrpeilrelyehidcvvkpeiffesdthkirqllkgrsflvllasslekyitdefndalhlsvsfpindrmiidhsyagyrggivlmediitkftgpl
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrivorans  coded_by=complement(47910..49301),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlqnkiqdvfnepgcsknqsksdkerkkgctkalqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekhlfksikeiidkydppavfvyqtcvpamigddieavckaasqkfakpiipvnspgfvgaknlgnklagealldyvigteepehstpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldhlgirvtccisgdakyhdvaqshraranmmvcsksminiarkmeeryqipffegsfygisdtteslreitrlliqqgapeelrdrtealivreearawqriaeythrlrgkrvllftggvkswsvvsalqeggmevvgtsvkkstkedkekikelmgqdahmiddmtpremykmfqearadvllsggrsqfaalknkmpwvdinqerhhayngyegmvnlvkqidlalynpmwtllrkpapwdmreara
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrivorans  coded_by=complement(47910..49301),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlqnkiqdvfnepgcsknqsksdkerkkgctkalqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekhlfksikeiidkydppavfvyqtcvpamigddieavckaasqkfakpiipvnspgfvgaknlgnklagealldyvigteepehstpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldhlgirvtccisgdakyhdvaqshraranmmvcsksminiarkmeeryqipffegsfygisdtteslreitrlliqqgapeelrdrtealivreearawqriaeythrlrgkrvllftggvkswsvvsalqeggmevvgtsvkkstkedkekikelmgqdahmiddmtpremykmfqearadvllsggrsqfaalknkmpwvdinqerhhayngyegmvnlvkqidlalynpmwtllrkpapwdmreara
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ram2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ram2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dbr4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dbr4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dbr2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dbr2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens_SEMIA_5080  coded_by=complement(73601..75103),organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens SEMIA 5080,definition=putative Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, NifD
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddeikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens_SEMIA_5080  coded_by=complement(28073..29575),organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens SEMIA 5080,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddeikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=694..2196,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddeikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmsvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Oscillatoriales_cyanobacterium_JSC-12  coded_by=670443..671918,organism=Oscillatoriales cyanobacterium JSC-12,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtppelaaleenpvatkkelikevleaypdkakkkrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksvpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteleelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakkatkeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsvrdwvfpqydkakkegkvpegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemvntpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptqiakslraiaakfdetiqakaeaviakyeaqtqaviakyrprlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafhdlgmrlvgtgyefghnddykrtthyiengtliyddvsayefeefikelkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwne
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR517  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR517,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkvapereakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR469  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR469,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkvapereakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Desulfovibrio_sp._X2  coded_by=complement(7706..9361),organism=Desulfovibrio sp. X2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matktkkrkelspdevrqelikkyppkvarkrakqiqvntgaeestpeilsnvrtipgiitmrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtlppteqhedymkycfstdmnendivfggmnklrqaireaydlfhpraiaifstcpvgligddvhavaremketlnkenpdgfvnvfgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifthvigltderkpgkysinvlgeyniggdafvienllercgitlnstfsgnssiydferahtadlnvimchrsinyvaemmekkfgipwfkvnfigaketakslrkiaqyfgdkeliertekviaeempaveaaladitprttgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfaemgmktlaagyefahrddyegrrvistiqvdadsrnieelsvekdearykeplesrkkeleaegcefsdyhgmmpempegtlaiddlnqfesdklielykpdifcagikekfsvqkcgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfykeidrlvnskvwsfmkapwnknpelqatynwe
>Cyanobacterium_sp._NBRC_102756  coded_by=1018..2544,organism=Cyanobacterium sp. NBRC 102756,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
mraknfgqsaknlpliintintwekimttveekkdlikevleaypekaakrrakhlnvqeesksdcgvqsnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmvhlshgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklidelevlfplskgttiesecpigligddieavarkkaketgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrqlpegfesspydvniigdyniggdawpsrrlleaiglrvicqfsgdgtfnevvmtplaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekyeipwleynffgptqiakslrkiaaqfdetiqekaeqviaeheaemkaitdkyrprlegkkvmmmvgglrprhvipafddlgmdvigtgyefghgddykrtadytkdgtiiyddisgyefeefakqlkpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfavfardmdlainnptwslinnpwetk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS24R3_28  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS24R3_28,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS6_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS6_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS42_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS42_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>[Clostridium]_cellulosi  coded_by=907600..909075,organism=[Clostridium] cellulosi,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mpninlslpevqireirinsitgyqgdakelaemsycglkdkgrsfsqclgcatskaacmtiliqdgavishgpvgcasclhdfaftyrvnsplrgvehptprhifstnlkekdtvyggniklantirevydrtranaifvlttcaagiigddvesicneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkprerrhdmvnvinfwgsdvftewfapfgvkpnyitpystvnrlryaseaaatvqvcstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkvlgkeevaekiiaekkkkylpkiealreklsgktayvtagaahghallnvleelglkavgaaifhhdpvydsgrrendqlsqhvtdygnvpnfnvcskqefelvnalnrirpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyeglvnygerlletiendefvknlekhavnpytewwleqppyyflkggagk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR773  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR773,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkaideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkatpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4926286..4927794),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msyfdnkvapkrehrlnfvgsafggstcellgcakegclknkkrsfsqatacqlglvlgmaltmpdtifiihgpvgcgsqihssdfqvrsgtkarggvpkpliwlstnlnekdvinggeaklretileadkrykpiaiivmntcspsmigddidevvrstqetvnakimpmhcegiksqvvanaydtyyhgvgrnldlspnlldntkgnsgkfqleeinykkskivnlfnfgsltypdevetirlletlglkvrvfpnfahpndfrklseaalnislcnvhddyfltflkerfgtpyfihnmpvgikntsewfievakqlnleekakeviaaeeqevfsaiepfrkvlkgkrvlitggiirvvsdamlldelgceviavrahhydslstelytkfnekfpsvdvsvapnqafeliniinrdkpdiclthagagvwvsklgvpslplfggsfnyfgykgafevarrmtrllknssfqhrlsentslpykkewydknpfayikd
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7424  coded_by=complement(2367189..2368592),organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7424,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltkgkiaellnqpgcdhnhkkdhqknksckqqaqpgaaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagsswgtrgslssgsklykmgfttdvsendiifggekklyqairdvvkgyepaavfvystcvtaligddldavcaaaakkfkvpvipvnapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldyvvgtaepefisdydinligeynvagemwgvlplferlgirvlskitgdarykevcyahraklnvmicskalinmaqrmkdvygipyieesfygvgdmnqclrnvagffgdaelierterlisdetrkldvvlkpyrerlkgkkmvlytggvkswsiisaaqdlgmevvatstkksteediariktllgsygimlekgnaaellsviektgadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyvglvemareleaalyspiweqvrkpapwdlahhnpslahyih
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_478  coded_by=1901910..1903217,organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 478,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mgievkragvrraqcscsmpavwwalsyargalvifhsprscahvvrekdvgtfhrmvgaetyappspvplltsgigendavfgaverlracvryaaekyhpravfiggscvsgiigddtraaaegmeaelglpiiaiptggflddvsfdgylsvgrvlverfmqppketrrgtvvffgdygglysayvqelkrllegiglhlagqfptympldemqavpeaellvvlgsamsdekqemlisfaqeiharfgtpyfadafaggaeetahwlraiaaccgrtaaaekvierekkafdrvlvraremlngrrtvlvvgrelhwlqpeillrliekagvrlagiilldlftaeqrtgvedglrqctdapildaddpsgeellhavdfaftthelvdvqlrqillgklptvgwamerqliedmehvlyrhierggliyg
>Paenibacillus_borealis  coded_by=3297562..3299121,organism=Paenibacillus borealis,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mphhtfkcsecipertqhavikgpgedltsalpegylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqikntfatdvkekhivfgaegllkkniieafkqfpeikrmtiystcataligddigavaqevmdempdvdifvcnspgfqgpsqsgghhiiniawikqkvgtvepvitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfksmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhgahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsaslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpeldwykerlqgkrvclwpggsklwhwanviheemglevvsmytkfghqgdmekgiarcdtgalaiddpnelegleamemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsaldiskdeipvsrgfatqrmlsdvnlseeirtsaslrqytggydsvsklrertypylqnqlagv
>Methanocaldococcus_sp._FS406-22  coded_by=28032..29507,organism=Methanocaldococcus sp. FS406-22,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvllncdkpipermkhtyiydpeeeiipacniktvpgdmtergctfaggrgvvggpikdvihmvhgpvgcayytwgtrrnlsdcelhrrycfttdmqeadvvyggekklekacleaaaefpqakgiiiyatcttgligdnleavarkveekigkpvfacncpgyagcsqskghhifntefyrwlkkarerfpekclkeeektpydiaivgeynmdwdvavikplfekigcrvvtvftgnasfddlfklpdvklcvvhcqrsanyiaemirdgfnipriwvslfgieqtaealrktaealgipmerveevikeeveaikpqlefyksklegktclvyvggprtwhwvramkelgikyvvacctfaheddyeklnrnfkkaglkgvlvidapneleleeavekykpdfmltglkerylfrkfgiptinshsyeqgpyacfkgfvnfardiykaiyhpiwnilkegekkfeefkkkdippgiehavkenpns
>Microvirga_vignae  coded_by=complement(4678..6168),organism=Microvirga vignae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslsakiqdvfnepaceknhgkdakarkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdiahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlseldmvmgqserklfraireikeayappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpinapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddaspydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdvasahraraammvcstalislarkmeerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisdllvrkgadpeildrtealiaeeeaiawkkleayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkdenhmfesmaprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkakipwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwcqvrepapwdclpaveekmlgeeraratvdafkkfagttagdfgec
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=1924..3324,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=vanadium nitrogenase associated protein N
mlsaitsensqklnvipshtepltfdncdhskdpivgcalegianmvagikdvsivihspqgcastvaagydnhevdftkrkvgctrlfesdivmgaseklkglikeadqsfkakvmfvvgtcaadiigediqglcnsiqpeitaklvpllaggfrgnaydglemgleallpfihkrqkrrggkkprivniiapqanvnptwwadlqwvtqmlkslrikvqtvishgtsfeelekagnatanillshdvgykfarkmqethniplilddiplpigvqnttrwlkalaahfkidekrveplinegenrvvetlrkralmiipryrncriavsadgtmgiglvrmlfeelemipevllfrsgmresrsilerelqsmgisprvvfsadgyqikqaladvdtdavigsawekymaeelgikiafdvfsptnretyldrpyfgyegminmmevvandwerafrsthihwt
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C21-2420  coded_by=<1..>792,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C21-2420,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakplivhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelkqrrkqsstfsmlpfhe
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=2136612..2137967,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mlgklnsneqtnsivhpryacaigaaytvaaiprgiplvhcgpgcvdkqyfilsynngyqgggysgasvipsvnagenevvfggakklddlikssfkimdgdlfvvlsgcigelvgddvgsivkkyqkkgypivfaetggfkgnnligheivteaiidqfvgeyhgekekglinlwtevpyfntywrgdfieikrvlegagfkvnilfgseskgveewknipkaqfnlvlspwvgvktakhleekynqpylhipiipigaeettkfirqvvdfagidkekaeefiqkeedryyyfldhfsdffsefwfglpskyavigdsaynialnkflvnqlglipvkqiitdnppekyrqaiqeeykrladdvstevefvedgyiiekklkesdfgsstpiifssawerdvikelkgliveiscpssfevvinrsyigytgaltllekiyttsisngv
>Thermocrinis_albus_DSM_14484  coded_by=415776..417224,organism=Thermocrinis albus DSM 14484,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgvlvdketalkiieevlsaypkkakkdrekhiavvepqddkctpksniksrpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyysragrrnyyigttgvdtfvtphfttdfqerdivfggdkklmkaieelntlfplakgitiqsecpigligddieavarmaskkigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsmrdwiyekglkgqeiestpydvaiwgdyniggdawatrkiledmglrvitqfsgdgtfsevanavkaryilvhcyrssnylaryfeekfgipwieynffgptqifasmrkiaalfddkiverteeliekvykprldrviekyrprlegktvllyvgglrprhmitafedlgmnviatgyefahqddyqrtlhyidknttiiiddatayeieeltrklnpdlvasgikekyqaqkmgkpfrqmhswdysgpyhgiegfeifardidmavngnvwkyieapwkk
>Clostridium_papyrosolvens_C7  coded_by=450754..452277,organism=Clostridium papyrosolvens C7,definition=nitrogenase
mgkinlaattvvsreqrlgtiigwdgeasklveesgysipgcsgkkgngcklceikgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrgavliqhspigcavsqtiynsiyrnglamrglpvenikivstnliegdmvfggigkleqttrdvwerykpnaifigtacatgiigddvdsvaseyseklgipviplhcegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrdivrkspkkqedlvnvinlwgsdvfkpmlkelnlrvnyvvdlatvedlaqmseaavtvgfcntlssylaqgleqnfgvpelkapqpygfagtdawlrgiakithreelceayikkerervtpkieelkkklkgvkgyvatgsayshglisvlrelgvevngslvfhhdpiydsedpiqdslaflvnnygnvenfsvsnrqqhqlyallkkakpdfllirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehiavgyegivnlgeailailkrkkfhedlaqhiklpytewwlsqddpyilaknpeiiyqd
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_138_str._F0429  coded_by=complement(47311..48615),organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 138 str. F0429,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgievkrvgirrtncscgmpgvwralsfvrgavvifhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvrlspvplltsglgeseaifggeerlrecirfavdkycpqavfianscvsgvigddtkaiaeemeaelglpvtavsahgfldgeyyagyldtaralvdrfmqpteqregtvvllgdcggihgeharelrrllslldlrvtaqfpsylsldemqavpeaaliillgrrmddekqaqlielaahmkarfgtayladvyavgaeetklwlrrvgalchreaeaeraiaeeeesfaaavekartdlagrscalaigrdlswfqpeiilrllgkagvllngvvlldcflperravmeeevrrltdapvfyegtdgadellhaadfvltthelvdaklrqlflallpsvgwsmerrllddmrqilhrhesrggliyg
>Methanosarcina_mazei_Go1  coded_by=5009..6616,organism=Methanosarcina mazei Go1,definition=NifE
msektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacnalkqlikrpekktvekkpeirseskkpdikhskiekmeikkpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkkaekileaetnrimpeisrvresikgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlnpeplepkktmvesgqekatikeevsekpyskkckglapkpeflhsgqdavvesev
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C7  coded_by=119381..120823,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C7,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvlnldtenrktqngnncddfdievkipksifeklksiealkaresqmcisgkddsiptcdknstpgiitqrscvyggarvvlmpitdavhlvhgpvgcaactwdirgskstgdklykngfttdlqesdivfggekklyesilevhklyspgaifvystcvvgligddikavckqaeeatgcrvipvqsegfksfnksaghklacdamldyligteepeeehpysiniigefnvagdlwgiiplyekmgvkvhtaitgdstvkkvasahrsklnivqcqkssnylaaqmqkkygipnlkvnffgidettkslravaeffgdeemikkteeliksevknlrdeiseykkdlagstvaiysgahkswalvsafgeldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqkirehvnegtlivddassmelvqllkeykpdilisgakekylslksgvphcdfnhdritafsgfqgfinfarvvhtavmtpvwklsrk
>Acetobacterium_woodii_DSM_1030  coded_by=complement(798108..799673),organism=Acetobacterium woodii DSM 1030,definition=iron-iron nitrogenase alpha chain
mpyhlfkcsesiperekhavikgegedltsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkeqhivfgaekqlkknileafaafpemkrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiadevmeempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdffkqmgiqilstftgngsydelrgmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgheamaaslrkvgmffgiedraeaiieresarwkpeldwykarltnkkvclwpggsklwhwanviheemgidvvsvytkfghqqdmekgvsrceigalaiddpnelegmeaietlepdiiftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpwkgwegwvrfardiyngiyspihklslldiskdeiptnvgfetqrmlsdvnlsdeiknsptlreysgkydclkglrektypeyltkkvseav
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pter29  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pter29,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrsapeasrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=4515558..4516979,organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein
msallnqkiqavfdepgcdknqgksekerkkgctkqlapgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhalssgpltyrtgfttdvnemdviyggekrlykaikeiidkvdppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckaatakfgkpvipvnspgfagvknlgnklgaealldyvigteepefttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldamgvrvlscisgdarykevayshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerydipffegsfygigdisdslreiarlliqkgapdelmartealiaaeearawarlepykqrlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqevrieivgtsvkkstkedkekikeimglsdhdrahmiddmspremyamlkearadimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmvklveeidktlynpvweqvrkeapwdapvaevahg
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(4576..>5856),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
ggaslaqagvnkgfqklrdsnargliwvntnmgenevvqggesrlrdailhaekefrpsaiiivnscvpaiigddidgvveqaqkevkakivpvhcegfktkimasaydavyhgilrnliphekiiqdektelealqekyrasrtvnvlnvssmsrideyelvrllkaidlelnilpcyahpddfqkateaalnvsicathddyfvehlkekygipfilrtipigvqytnrwildiakffgaeeaaqrfidqevkqleeaiapfrdifkgkrvligggeirvvanaellhylgfeiiglrayhydqfademlgeqdiikqipfnvatgqpfeqanlnhnlkpdlyvghvntnvwaakqgipviplfhqsqlflgytgiyefarrlarilrnpsfnrnfkdnvhlpyfeewyekdafsyideselqa
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(4578..>5858),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
ggaslaqagvnkgfqklrdsnargliwvntnmgenevvqggesrlrdailhaekefrpsaiiivnscvpaiigddidgvveqaqkevkakivpvhcegfktkimasaydavyhgilrnliphekiiqdektelealqekyrasrtvnvlnvssmsrideyelvrllkaidlelnilpcyahpddfqkateaalnvsicathddyfvehlkekygipfilrtipigvqytnrwildiakffgaeeaaqrfidqevkqleeaiapfrdifkgkrvligggeirvvanaellhylgfeiiglrayhydqfademlgeqdiikqipfnvatgqpfeqanlnhnlkpdlyvghvntnvwaakqgipviplfhqsqlflgytgiyefarrlarilrnpsfnrnfkdnvhlpyfeewyekdafsyideselqa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._isg8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. isg8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cnp7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cnp7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanobacterium_lacus  coded_by=complement(1186852..1188378),organism=Methanobacterium lacus,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mspgkkidkidlskntcpnreqrakgtnvyfgkaselldeakegtlqcsdrkfqqsggcvlnfylavrvstirdaavifnapvgcsssalgyrelyravpvelgrpaeydlhwlttnlqqndvvygasnklkdaikeaqtrynpkaifiltscttgiigediegtvteiqpeidativpihcegvrsrlvqtgydafwhavlkylvkkpekkqkdlvnvasmlsytwqdrleierllekvglrvnfipefatveqfeklseaavtapicptytdyisrgleqefdvpyflypspmgikntdewlrqigkytdkeeeieelikeehakwvpkleeireqllnikedgtrlnvlgslgqgrlvsqlpyfdeiglnspaamaqdfddllieeledvldtvgdfdimvntfqaseqahvtnkvnpdvaltcpfqggawkrdseitrihalrgdadpwsaqsgytgavafgnfllqslknksyqktmkektaigykdwyleqpdplyflekgk
>Lyngbya_majuscula_CCAP_1446/4  coded_by=1762..3216,organism=Lyngbya majuscula CCAP 1446/4,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
mstvednkqliqdvleaypekakkqrakhlnvheegkadcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiiteieelfplnggisiqsecpvgligddiesvaregsketgktiapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadkenlefeatdydvaiigdyniggdvwasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslraiaanfddnikegaerviakyqkqaedviakyrpklegqkvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefefahnddykrtahyvkdatviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwkktvks
>Pseudanabaena_sp._PCC_7409  coded_by=1..1509,organism=Pseudanabaena sp. PCC 7409,definition=NifD
mtppesatltpltattpvndipetkalikevieaypdkakkkrekhlnvfeegksdcgvksniksvpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliteldelfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaakeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfpqfdknkkegnvpegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlnemintpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptqiaaslreiaskfdetiqakaeeviakyqaqtdaviakyaprltgktvalmvgglrprhvvpafhdlgmklvgtgyefghnddykrtthyiengtliyddvsayefeafvkelkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligtpwqtteva
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=200157..201515,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
mgnvieqprytcaigaqhtvlaikgavpvlhcgpgcsnkvslylttsagyqgesdfggthipctnssekdivfggekkldetidgalkvikgnlfvvltgctadivgddvisiaskyqregkpvinaetagfkgsnyvghelviksiieqyigddkpkvrkglvnvfsvvpnqdpfwrgdlkeikriltaiglevnilfgyeskgveewkdipnaefnlvlnpwvglkaakllerkfgtkflhyqelpvgasatskflrtvgefanldrdkveqvikeeefsfykyfldigdfiaesraglpfelytiadsayaigtsnflinelgyvpkgaflidnvpqkykdnvtnifegiheeykgkvffetdggsiekiirndvniprktlilgstwedklsedlnapvvyisnpildrlivnktyigytgglnlieeiyssilsnknfnqrvnaisi
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3106212..3107570),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mgnvieqprytcaigaqhtvlaikgavpvlhcgpgcsnkvslylttsagyqgesdfggthipctnssekdivfggekkldetidgalkvikgnlfvvltgctadivgddvisiaskyqregkpvinaetagfkgsnyvghelviksiieqyigddkpkvrkglvnvfsvvpnqdpfwrgdlkeikriltaiglevnilfgyeskgveewkdipnaefnlvlnpwvglkaakllerkfgtkflhyqelpvgasatskflrtvgefanldrdkveqvikeeefsfykyfldigdfiaesraglpfelytiadsayaigtsnflinelgyvpkgaflidnvpqkykdnvtnifegiheeykgkvffetdggsiekiirndvniprktlilgstwedklsedlnapvvyisnpildrlivnktyigytgglnlieeiyssilsnknfnqrvnaisi
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=317715..319073,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein beta chain
mgnvieqprytcaigaqhtvlaikgavpvlhcgpgcsnkvslylttsagyqgesdfggthipctnssekdivfggekkldetidgalkvikgnlfvvltgctadivgddvisiaskyqregkpvinaetagfkgsnyvghelviksiieqyigddkpkvrkglvnvfsvvpnqdpfwrgdlkeikriltaiglevnilfgyeskgveewkdipnaefnlvlnpwvglkaakllerkfgtkflhyqelpvgasatskflrtvgefanldrdkveqvikeeefsfykyfldigdfiaesraglpfelytiadsayaigtsnflinelgyvpkgaflidnvpqkykdnvtnifegiheeykgkvffetdggsiekiirndvniprktlilgstwedklsedlnapvvyisnpildrlivnktyigytgglnlieeiyssilsnknfnqrvnaisi
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=317715..319073,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein beta chain
mgnvieqprytcaigaqhtvlaikgavpvlhcgpgcsnkvslylttsagyqgesdfggthipctnssekdivfggekkldetidgalkvikgnlfvvltgctadivgddvisiaskyqregkpvinaetagfkgsnyvghelviksiieqyigddkpkvrkglvnvfsvvpnqdpfwrgdlkeikriltaiglevnilfgyeskgveewkdipnaefnlvlnpwvglkaakllerkfgtkflhyqelpvgasatskflrtvgefanldrdkveqvikeeefsfykyfldigdfiaesraglpfelytiadsayaigtsnflinelgyvpkgaflidnvpqkykdnvtnifegiheeykgkvffetdggsiekiirndvniprktlilgstwedklsedlnapvvyisnpildrlivnktyigytgglnlieeiyssilsnknfnqrvnaisi
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(382829..384187),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mgnvieqprytcaigaqhtvlaikgavpvlhcgpgcsnkvslylttsagyqgesdfggthipctnssekdivfggekkldetidgalkvikgnlfvvltgctadivgddvisiaskyqregkpvinaetagfkgsnyvghelviksiieqyigddkpkvrkglvnvfsvvpnqdpfwrgdlkeikriltaiglevnilfgyeskgveewkdipnaefnlvlnpwvglkaakllerkfgtkflhyqelpvgasatskflrtvgefanldrdkveqvikeeefsfykyfldigdfiaesraglpfelytiadsayaigtsnflinelgyvpkgaflidnvpqkykdnvtnifegiheeykgkvffetdggsiekiirndvniprktlilgstwedklsedlnapvvyisnpildrlivnktyigytgglnlieeiyssilsnknfnqrvnaisi
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_CB782  coded_by=63531..64973,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii CB782,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtsivtgarhvsgersaeihrrteiqacqnagsatgggcsfdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgpvfwrtsfttdlteleivtgdserklfeaireikegyapaaifvyatcvteligddiaavckqaaqkfaipvvpvkspgfagsknlgnrlagealidhvigtvevddpgphdiniigefnlsgefwsvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryaqvasahcsraammvcstalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygisstseslrriaqllvtkgarfallhqteallaeeeerawtnlkvyrrrlegkrvylntggvkswsivhalieigmnvvstsakkstagdkerikqmlkdesqlhqtmaaselysmlreqkpdimlsggrtqfvaleakipwldvnqerqhafagydgivelarqidlaihnpiwaqlrkpapwgqfvparpaeriapasesadratssfh
>Clostridium_butyricum_DKU-01  coded_by=75959..77296,organism=Clostridium butyricum DKU-01,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqikeyddllkereefickkgkengnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeqdfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Clostridium_butyricum_60E.3  coded_by=complement(141196..142533),organism=Clostridium butyricum 60E.3,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqikeyddllkereefickkgkengnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeqdfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Clostridium_butyricum  coded_by=complement(21279..22616),organism=Clostridium butyricum,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
meqikeyddllkereefickkgkengnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeqdfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Clostridium_sp._IBUN13A  coded_by=complement(5282..6619),organism=Clostridium sp. IBUN13A,definition=hypothetical protein
meqikeyddllkereefickkgkengnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeqdfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Clostridium_sp._IBUN125C  coded_by=192292..193629,organism=Clostridium sp. IBUN125C,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
meqikeyddllkereefickkgkengnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeqdfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=1053264..1054763,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mkklnldnslvqtreerlgtiiawktgkaseilrdseytcggckdnggkrlceargpfsqgskcseemvscqhsnvrdavfiqhspvgcgagqvlsnslyrnglairglpvenvkiistnmdesdvvfgglkkleqsirdafnrhnpkvifvgtscaagiigediesvtnklqeefkipviptycegfrskhwttgfdaayhgiirqvarknpkrqedlvnvidlwgediftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlasvedleqmseaaasvsfcytlssymsaalekqfgvidvkapqpygilatdawirelgrvthreekaeayiekehkriekrlqelrkllkgkvgyvatgssyahgiiavlrdlrveidgsltfhhepifdgedadkkdslkflvenygdvsqfsvsngqqyqfygllkninpdfiiirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdghhavgyqgiinlgetileilarkkfhkdlsenvelpytdwwlsqkdpyvlsk
>Dechlorosoma_suillum_PS  coded_by=981731..983173,organism=Dechlorosoma suillum PS,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msavlddktrnqaliqevleaypekaakkrakhlnvyeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyasgtvgvdnftvlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkkldkvideiteifplargisiqsecpigligddieavakkktkeisktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmvrdwvldkadnkgfestpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaemektpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiaaslreiashfddtikenaekviakyqamvdgiiakykprltgkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevvgagyefahgddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgfefekfaekirpdlvgsgvkekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwsmtkapwkk
>Methanosphaerula_palustris_E1-9c  coded_by=104203..105555,organism=Methanosphaerula palustris E1-9c,definition=Nitrogenase
mtlsesdeqqtstettsssimeapryscalagayatatgiygvvpilhsgagcgiaqlfgqfyaagqnaggpiggtntpcsglveehvifggekklrqliqsttelmngtfyaviagcvpsligddmasvvgefrkqvpivfvntsgfkgtsydgyelfftsvidqfltelpvekgtvnvfgivpdqhifwkgesrviketlaeigvkanviltepdglerlkaipaaeynlvlspwnghaiaellkekfntpyltfpgvpigpkqtsvflrtiaetlgipsdrveavikkeekrvyrvmehlgdmhllvrphpyfavvadagtavsitnyltnemgylpeivqitdsppdevrdaivdaiaghletpvrpevifeadsykirqnlkgrsfmflyassleaptameefsalslsvafptlnrlilernyagfsggltlmedsmspfagpl
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>793,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsm
>Leptolyngbya_sp._PCC_7004  coded_by=1..1446,organism=Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 7004,definition=NifD
mttvedrkalvqevleaypekakksrskhlnvteegasdcgvksnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmihlshgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkkldklideveelfplsqgttiesecpvgligddieavakkkakeygkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrklpegfepgpydvniigdyniggdawpsrllleeiglrvicqfsgdgtfnevvmtplaklnlihcyrsmnyicrfmeekygigwieynffgptqiakslrkiaaqfdetiqenaerviakyqarmdavvekygprlegkevmmmvgglrprhvipafedlgmkvigtgyefghgddykrtadyvdegtviyddvsgyefeelakqlkpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfevfardmdlainnptwdlinapwne
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=complement(1479085..1480650),organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mgllhdksvpgreerlkasmayggsacnlaradkvclrnqersfsqaglcqllptlgmlstlpdtaiivygaigcastgfganissrlrhvqmgrtaikdtvwistnltesevvhggeqrleetiyktyeelkpksivvlqtcapsvigddlysvidrarknldipilastcegfktkiwatgydvafhaivhgfiendkegrpprkegrkegekpivniinlasvgltdeneirrmlnsigievnigpnfasreeirrmtqadltvsicpthddyfidylhkeygipyvlrdmpiglentknwlldiaekvglkkeaekfieeetkktlkavekflpylkgkkvflsagefralvtgmlvqelgmeviglrayhhdhfgdefygklveaqggkdfvvdianfqpfelmnilkkvkpdlfighvsdnlsaaklglpaatifrvfdyyvgyrgfyefakkmtrvlknpafnkklsenvvhpyknnwyeenpfkfikavknedtddvqevynyyefsarkgvi
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=1451326..1452894,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase associated protein E
mivincikgmrfnmvgianesvvffgnlselyqlakdgkidtklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgiknavviahgpsgcafgvkqtykltncrnsgspyeavittnidekavvyggerelkgaiqevdskykpdiifvatscatgiigdyvdavvsrvrpeinakimavhcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesrvalassvnivggkmgperteidtdvkelrrliedmgasvnaiiagncsleeiqrapsvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfdtplnstilpygisaterwlreaakhlhmeaeaealikreyeairvefeeakkhlagklaiveghdaikalsiahmlerdfdmrvviynfhpwstearetsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamlqtenelleylgdmspertvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvtkrmvfpeksglssaqsltpklaqelpdctiyagkgrgkcmms
>Magnetococcus_marinus_MC-1  coded_by=complement(1489993..1491378),organism=Magnetococcus marinus MC-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkqaeiaellnepacehndksksgcakpkpgataggcsfdgsmialfpiadvahivhgsiacagsswdgrgsrttgpalfrlgmttdlteqdiimgrgekrllhgikqaitrynpaavfvyqtcipaligddleaicaaaqnkygvpvvpvdsagfygtknlgnriageallkyvigtaeptpipvqaqragmtvhnvnligefniagefwhvhplldelglrvlstvsgdtrfrevqvmhrgeanmlvcskalinmarkleeryqipwfegsfygvrdmshalrsfaqlindddlsqrtealiareearidialkpwreklkgkrallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmqvvatgtrksteqdkarikelmgeeaimldegkprllldtmaqqkadvliaggrnmytalkgrvpfldinqereyayagyegmielarqltitmespiwshvkssapwevthg
>Lyngbya_sp._PCC_8106  coded_by=complement(62085..63527),organism=Lyngbya sp. PCC 8106,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstvednkqliqdvleaypekakkkrekhlnvqeegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvaraatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsdfestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtaeyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._im5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. im5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitsetkrrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=2397581..2398945,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekrisnslleeredfvcfkeghnkksmkcdgdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgenlyrnsfstdlseqdvifggekkliaaiegimenhnpklifvyatcivgvigddvkavckmaeerynvpvipvmspgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfsrnilpkrkginmlgdfnlageiwivkeylkkigvdvistitgdssyaklvkassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemdipfvkisfvgledtknsllriaslfedeemlakakafvkeeeekimpildkykenlkgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtvmvgtqtgkkddyevinslvkdgtvvlddanpselekfmieqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfvgavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvkeseenegi
>Methanoregula_formicica_SMSP  coded_by=759978..761021,organism=Methanoregula formicica SMSP,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mtsnplpanssrlggctltgaisvtshlrdtvtvvhgpkgcshhnvsllhaswldndhavlpsllstglsekevifggedalrkaigsaagqvgvravvvlstcvvgtigddvgavcseeyrvpvisipsagflggtfqdgmnnalialagtagpcqkdrgvniigemnlefeveenyreierllsllhlpvnlrfvhnlswdqiarlgraelnilrspalvpvgeylknrfgtpyiasfphglsatlsfirevavlcgvdgqealreeclrqeemlgqfsdlrqvpvsfdrvhsgedellaaeelaaaldlvmgtpgtcarlpvsaavgtagtrrmlhrwrraaha
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csnc4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csnc4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapearskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csds18  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csds18,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapearskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csr6.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csr6.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapearskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_HI350  coded_by=4026161..4027747,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae HI350,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeieekqlivdnilkvlpekaarnrrkhlvvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdivhlvhgpigcayftwgtrrnlakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaideivkifnpgaisicatcpvgligddiesvareaeeehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnslmehligtedikdptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyriissltgdgsfhkisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeltrkteetiaeekakyadeiegyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiipsmkekalgsiledvhyereenvkpsisaeriaelkekiglmdyeglfpemkdgtivvddlnhheteflvkalkpdvfcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmaihsptwrfinppwkgeeae
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_T4/M  coded_by=4093964..4095550,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae T4/M,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeieekqlivdnilkvlpekaarnrrkhlvvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdivhlvhgpigcayftwgtrrnlakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaideivkifnpgaisicatcpvgligddiesvareaeeehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnslmehligtedikdptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyriissltgdgsfhkisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeltrkteetiaeekakyadeiegyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiipsmkekalgsiledvhyereenvkpsisaeriaelkekiglmdyeglfpemkdgtivvddlnhheteflvkalkpdvfcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmaihsptwrfinppwkgeeae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._wall47  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. wall47,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhdagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltkvideiqelfplshgitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkinpeterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkarlnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Nostoc_punctiforme_PCC_73102  coded_by=7298414..7299808,organism=Nostoc punctiforme PCC 73102,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnptpgktndslsdsnsedacqqqiqkkkksstqlpqpgttqgscafdsammtlvpitdaahvvhgpsgcaasiwgsysslssgsmlykirfssdidendiifggakklykgilelqrrykpaavfvystcitaligddiegvckdatektgiptipvhcpgfignqnlgnrvageamlshvigtaepdtttpydinligeyniagaiwnvlplleklgirvlakitgdavykevcyahraklnvilsskalinmakrmekqygipyieesmygieqinqclrniavklgnsslqertekliaeetaaideklalyitqlqgkrvllsigsfkswliifaakklgmeviaistnnnteedrirvktllgqdgiileqnspqeilqiinanqadmliadkhhqdtsltaripfldvnqernhayagymgilevarelyaafytpvweqvsqpapwetgnspeeni
>Paenibacillus_borealis  coded_by=3292640..3294007,organism=Paenibacillus borealis,definition=hypothetical protein
mprgvpnlfvepdcehngqakkgcakplpgelarscafqgsqavllpvsdaahlvhgtpgclqnswamlenglqggplsksgfsmgltemdiilggrkklleainyiiehyhppcifvyatcitfltaedlasicdkaekqwnvpviplhypgftgngnmgsrqagealfdkvigtsdadpgrltpfdinligdyrfasegqdieamlskigirvisriagectfaelrsahqaklnmlvcsrsmvtlarkmrdsfdipyfegsfcgsreirfslrqlsfhfqderfdkqlhrymrkeeerlhkdilhtykslkgrkvvlftdgseswsyisvlselglriaaigtnqnaqedisrikerlqeetilvvqsdeakmlqlyrdrkaelmivsgrnafvplkeripflnldeqqhggyagyegvrrlardlldtleqpvwnlifrcspwevdsygqa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=87428..88894,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinfkisavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalgqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctamapntdvtnrqlaakrgitnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkanvinfknfyesareeitnifsnfgvkplflyqnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaevesyiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmtkeak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=4157327..4158793,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinfkisavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalgqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctamapntdvtnrqlaakrgitnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkanvinfknfyesareeitnifsnfgvkplflyqnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaevesyiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmtkeak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3618585..3620051),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msinfkisavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalgqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctamapntdvtnrqlaakrgitnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkanvinfknfyesareeitnifsnfgvkplflyqnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaevesyiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmtkeak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3618377..3619843),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msinfkisavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalgqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctamapntdvtnrqlaakrgitnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkanvinfknfyesareeitnifsnfgvkplflyqnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaevesyiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmtkeak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=354812..356278,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinfkisavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalgqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctamapntdvtnrqlaakrgitnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkanvinfknfyesareeitnifsnfgvkplflyqnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaevesyiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmtkeak
>Thiocapsa_marina_5811  coded_by=14362..15825,organism=Thiocapsa marina 5811,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkqkeiaalldepacahnakdksgcaklkpgataggcsfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgsiacagnswdnrgarssgpslykigmttdlteqdvimgrsekrlflgikqaiesykpaavfvyntcvpaltgddvgavcreaqtrwgtpvvsvdaagfygtknlgnriagetmvtqvcgtrepdpvppgiehagfkvhdvnlvaeyniagelwnvlplldelglrvlcslsgdarfhevqtmhraevnmmvcskaminvarklketygipwfegsfygvadvsqalrdfariiddpdltrrtealiareeakihaalepyrarlqgrkvllytggvkswsiisalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkarirelmgedavmiedgnprglidrvrendvdiliaggrnlytalkaripfldinqerefgyagyvgmvelarqlcltvespiwdavrrpapwaatdgqshqasakslslaaperapvevpsha
>Thermincola_potens_JR  coded_by=685496..686833,organism=Thermincola potens JR,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdtslairerldsiavkgkqkkqikcdtdsiagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselyrnsfstdlheedvifggekklaraiddlvgkykprlvfvyatcivgvigddleavckaaaqkhnievipvessgfignkaagyraacdalfrlinsgetekkkndpkinylgdfnlaaeawiiknylyemgievnvtftgdsdymalkkapeaslnivqcagsmhylarkmkdrfgipfmnvsflgiedtsdslrkiaaffnndeitrraealidkeirrieplirgyrkklqgkkaavyvgggfkaislikqfkelgidvvmvgtqtgrreeyevihdlvnegtvvlddanpselerfmlekgahllvggvkerplayklglafidhnhdrkhplsgfvgavnfaeevystvcspvwrfig
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=complement(2064186..2065724),organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=Nitrogenase
mqskndvhicdkklnleektcpnredranginvyygpvtqlikdakagnlklserkfqqsagcalnfylairistirdavlifhapvgcsasalgyrelfrnipaadgrppfdlhwlttgitekdivygagdklkkairvaeerykpraifvltscasgiigediegavsamqphikakivpvhcegirsrlvqtgydafwhgvlkylvkkpekkqddliniasmlsytwqdrremtgilkrmglrpnfvpefasvqqledlseaavtaplcasytdyisrgleqeygvpyfmypspvgfqntdewlrkiaeytgkereaetvieeehrkwgprmdairkelqnfkgngkkiemlgalgqgrllsqlpyfdelgikssaalsqdydnliledlekvvdqvgdfnilvntfqaaeqahitrmlnpditltcpfqgsaykrnkgatrthavrcdnlkwsqqtayagavaygsfllqgmksiswqktmlektqygykdwyfrqpnplyylekdav
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(14379..15743),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekrisnslleeredfvcfkeghnkksmkcdgdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdnlyrnsfstdlseqdvifggekkliaaiegimenhnpklifvyatcivgvigddvkavckmaeekynvpvipvmspgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfsrnilpkrkginmlgdfnlageiwivkeylkkigvdvistitgdssydklikassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemdipfvkisfvgledtknsllriaslfgdeemlakakafvkeeeekilpilekykenlrgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtvmvgtqtgkkddyevinslvkdgtvvlddanpselekfmieqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfvgavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvkeseenegi
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(3950748..3952112),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekrisnslleeredfvcfkeghnkksmkcdgdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdnlyrnsfstdlseqdvifggekkliaaiegimenhnpklifvyatcivgvigddvkavckmaeekynvpvipvmspgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfsrnilpkrkginmlgdfnlageiwivkeylkkigvdvistitgdssydklikassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemdipfvkisfvgledtknsllriaslfgdeemlakakafvkeeeekilpilekykenlrgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtvmvgtqtgkkddyevinslvkdgtvvlddanpselekfmieqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfvgavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvkeseenegi
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._pomaceae_ATCC_29192  coded_by=complement(1530862..1532316),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. pomaceae ATCC 29192,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdntlktkvvdlfnepgcdknvakgakerrkgcskpltpgataggcafdgskivlqpitdaihivhgplacegngwdnrqaassgptlyrngvttdmtqmtiimgtgekqlykairnvierynppaifvyvtcvpaligddvdavckhasnkfgipcipvnapgfigtknlgnklagealldhvigtmepeistptdiniigeynlsgelwqikplfdklgirvhtcitgdsryrdvasahrsrvnmmvcsaalinlarkmeerwdipyfegsfygieetsnslrriaqllvqrgaaadlidrtealiqaeekriwerlepyrqrltgkrvflytggvkswsivsalqqmgieivgtsvrkstdndkqkikelmgsdahmiekippreiyerlkrgdadimlsggrtqfialkakvpwidinqerhqayagyegilalirdldcalsnpvwqeirqpapweegweapemdslsddynlfngrag
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_138_str._F0429  coded_by=complement(46044..47318),organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 138 str. F0429,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgereksfddvcmytdtcalagasaffagirdavivvngplwcyyfamrhiehsqstishrmictqldndaivfgaeeylqealspyveqpppllaivsscaagligddieaiargaglacpvvaldssglagsfadgwdkaaraalqtlsaercevqahavnligmtdayynggndarelvrlletagyvvnavlgidmsaedlphltqaalnivvhgelgrgsaqlleelygmpyiaplppygragtqrwmreiaralppqhgdaagaeidrvtredflrineckmlwgelryetavirapastawglaqalrtewadvfhlvvaaehveagaekiadevlgetdalriqellagmdgglllgssnesahidprtaeyfpvaypvqdflqltdnpfmglrgarhieerlwngnilrrkiils
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U115  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U115,definition=NifD
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Desulfovibrio_africanus_str._Walvis_Bay  coded_by=828769..830415,organism=Desulfovibrio africanus str. Walvis Bay,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mptkkamtpaevkeeilkryptkvarkrdkqflvhegpeamqtkdiqanvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvilgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdasapdaanymtycfstdmtehdivfggmnklrqavqeaydlfkpraiaifstcpvgligddvhavaremkeklnaidpnhkvnifafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifthvvgeemkrpegkylinmlgeyniggdafeierildkcgitlnssfsgnstyeqfaragvadlncvmchrsinyvadmmetkwgipwikvnfigakstakslrkiaqyfgdkqlidrveeviaeemknvdatladvkprttgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfkelgmrsigagyefahrddyegrrvipdikvdadsrnieelhieqdpanynprktdeelkqleaagfefkeyaglipdmdkdtliiddinsweteklieimkpdifcagikekyaveklgvplkqlhnydmggpyagfkgavnyyleidrlvnskiwsyleapwdkepelsatyvg
>Methanocaldococcus_vulcanius_M7  coded_by=complement(604304..605254),organism=Methanocaldococcus vulcanius M7,definition=Nitrogenase
migdnierisrdaedilripvipvfcpgfcgyhqskgheiamkalfrlikegefkkefkdklvvniigeynvcnetkvikdllnklgieviatftgdcsvedvknsknaklnlvhcrrtgkyianymedrydipqlkvsfiglrntkkslmdiakffgiedrardvikeefekikdelefyikklkgkkvgmfmgaskigiltsafkdlgmevvsvgsqfgsfedyldayinvddntilvddaskidlelifkhkkpdifvggtkekymalkfgipflsfpqdfypftgfigflnfarevykaiyhpiwrmiefky
>Sulfurospirillum_barnesii_SES-3  coded_by=1010288..1011742,organism=Sulfurospirillum barnesii SES-3,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mttetllsqqqaaiaevleaypekarksrekhlgvdapegvkgacdstksnkqtvpgvmsqrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihishgpigcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvdtyvtmnfstdyqekdivfggdkklkaalaeidalfplnngisiqsecpigligddiqavakaykkesgkptvavscegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdevlsdnsykkdfestpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdatykeltiapkakinllhcyrsmnyvvrhmeqefgvpwmeynffgptktteslrkiaaffdesiqakteaviakytemtdkviakyrpklegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghgddykrtkeelsratliyddvneyeleqfvkklkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydafaifakdmdlamnspvwahtkapwesn
>Clostridium_tetanomorphum_DSM_665  coded_by=50608..52836,organism=Clostridium tetanomorphum DSM 665,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
miiknlviekkevdilkqvaiygkggigkstissnlsaalskknkkvlqigcdpkhdstrlllggrkintvldyirdvapdkyklgdilwegyngihcveaggpnpgvgcagrgilttfdllqrlhiknkqydivlydvlgdvvcggfavplrheyadevyivtsgefmsiyaannilrglrnydgtmkrvgglifnkrgveheeerierfaeavklpicevfprsdeftysekvglplveikgskvangflnladkvikesilyealpltdekleevvlqskvkyfikekenifkmkkqekeeennfeeflsknvvlreplhgcafngavnvaiqiedavtiahgprscahisyqtissvgrrgffergelmpvqinpslvssemnegvmvfggieqlkkkveevkekgkalfvittcpagiigddvdsvkemstenkpvipiktdgnitgdylqgminayleiarglikknvkkeentvnilsekfiarnteknfntmkkllnsigvsincrficktkaediqnfmkadlnilayedymgrliqkffqkeydanffkspfpvgfsetkqwikdiakyfnkeelvenlikdyernyeeeiqeikpylkgkkimiitynhqldwiletalelemdivkvcvlnycsenlfkskfenmlnielqynqekrigdikelkpdiiisnyastnldekavidtipmcpdvgffsglnlvkrwaglfklnlkegwrkdeklfskyyar
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_B6  coded_by=complement(166601..168106),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus B6,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinelfplangitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpesentkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW1  coded_by=131670..133175,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinelfplangitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpesentkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR456  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR456,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvrpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_iriomotense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium iriomotense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(3462285..3463676),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein, alpha chain
mplklfkcdetipererhvyikeegedltqylpasntntipgtlsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlvhgpigctyntwhtkrypsdnnnfqlkygwstdmkegnvvfggmkklkqsineafdafpevkrmmvyvtcataligddiksvireveeergdvdlfaiqcpgfagvsqsmghhvfnidwmkekvgtfepeikseytvniigdyniqgdtfvmndylermgiqviahftgngtydalrgmhraklnltncarsagyianelkkkygiprldvdtwgydyakeglrklgayfgleekaeqiiaeedakwgekrkwykerlagkklciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekvisrgrkgtiyiddgneleffevlemvkpdvvltgprvgemvkklqipyvnghgyhngpymgfegsvnmardmynainsplwglskkdirqev
>Selenomonas_sp._CM52  coded_by=complement(124327..125604),organism=Selenomonas sp. CM52,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mmrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvifhsprpcahiahgmdvgsfhrlraagtkvrlspvplltsslsdaeaifggegrlrecirfaaekyqpqaifianscvsgvigddtyavaeemeqelglpvsavsahgfldgeyyagyldaarvlvdrfmkpaerragsvvllgdcggvhgeyvkelcrllgflslrvegqfpsylalsemdvvpaaellivlgrrsdekqallvdlarhiherfgtpyladvyavgseetkewlravgrlcgrereaeeairaeeaafqravdevrptlaerrvtfaigrdldwfqpkiimrllkkagvelagvvlldsflpgrrevmeeevarltdapiahegsreaealfkaadfvlttheltdarlrqiflalmpsvgwsmekkllrdmvhivcrhesrggliyg
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_H8-237  coded_by=complement(16325..17689),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL H8-237,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mesirndvfdaqacgsltpkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpaacagnswesrgalssgpslsqygfttdlndndiifggekklkdsidyiagrfmppaifvyatcvtaligedldavckeaagrlglpvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlageallqyvigtgepeieiplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmksvgitlmsritgdarykeitwahhakvnmvvcsrallglakemearyhipyfegsfygakettyslrqmayllndremerrvdrltereenrliqelrpyrkllkgkkavlytggvkswsiisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrdrkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaasaapwdkgepsydr
>Thiorhodococcus_drewsii_AZ1  coded_by=48306..49658,organism=Thiorhodococcus drewsii AZ1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msskpkikellaesacehnkgkkgscnaptpgattggcaldgaqialfpfadaahlihgpmscvggawetrltptswsgrdltqtgfatdisnndvifsgekklaaaidhivtnyapeavfvystcvpamtgddidavckqrsekhgipcvpvhapgfvgaknlgsriageavlkhligtkepeettpfdinligehnntgelwryrhlleelgirvlstfsgdgriasirtahraklnvivcakslvsmtrkmqeqygipwiscsfygktdtsksilaiaealgdadliertraliareearleeklvpyreifagkkavlntggnkawsiasalqdlgievvatsvrksteadkakareylgenailmtspatqqakviddtgahlllaggrslytaikkriaftdvnqekkksyggydgllvlaedlknslqnpvfelvdrkapwqk
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=969..2471,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifD
msldyendgalharlieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksedeageegevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeerygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglyqapwktspsrgramaae
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_8501  coded_by=14650..16086,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 8501,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain:Nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
matveenkkliadvlstypekaakkrakhlgvyeegksdcgvksnkqslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtinftsdfqekdivfggdkklakivdeieelfplnggisvqsecpvgligddiegvarqksketgkgiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpaaekeglefeetpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtftemkvtpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaeslraiaarfdetiqekaeevikkyqkqcddilakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmemigtgyefahgddykrtshyvndatliyddvtayefeefvktlkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwglvgtpwnk
>Rhizobium_freirei_PRF_81  coded_by=92372..93898,organism=Rhizobium freirei PRF 81,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mqstskagasrsldariqdvfeepacemnrgkdanvrkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassgpmlwrtsfttdlteldvvmghaerklfkaireiketyappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpinapgfsgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdiasahraraammvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsqslrqiaellvrkgadpeilertealiaeqeaiawkklaayrsrlqgkrvllntggvkawsiahalmeigveivgtstkkstaedkerikeilkedhrmfesmgsremydilaehkadimlsggrtqyvalkaktpwldinqerhhpyagyegmvelvrqidlaihnpiwsevrepapwdaqpamkeelqstqsesetfpasqissapppaasaggees
>Rhizobium_tropici_CIAT_899  coded_by=289517..291043,organism=Rhizobium tropici CIAT 899,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mqstskagasrsldariqdvfeepacemnrgkdanvrkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassgpmlwrtsfttdlteldvvmghaerklfkaireiketyappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpinapgfsgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdiasahraraammvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsqslrqiaellvrkgadpeilertealiaeqeaiawkklaayrsrlqgkrvllntggvkawsiahalmeigveivgtstkkstaedkerikeilkedhrmfesmgsremydilaehkadimlsggrtqyvalkaktpwldinqerhhpyagyegmvelvrqidlaihnpiwsevrepapwdaqpamkeelqstqsesetfpasqissapppaasaggees
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC221B00  coded_by=136265..137767,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC221B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslqyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrrkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkevefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrillqemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaevviakyrplvdaviaryrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC232B00  coded_by=complement(79782..81272),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC232B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdlfnepaceqnrdkdakarkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepddaglydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahraraamivcstalinlarkmeqrweipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkqrikqilkddnhifdqmaprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagyhgmvelvrqidvaihnpiwrqvrepapwdcqpavrqelprtksetatlhvvqefagttagdfgdc
>Rahnella_aquatilis_HX2  coded_by=32735..34108,organism=Rahnella aquatilis HX2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakeilalidepacehnhkqksgcslpkpgataggcafdgaqiallpvadvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsrssgpsinrmgfttdmseqdvimgrgerrlfhavqhivshyhpvavfiyntcvpamegddveavcraasaaagvpvisvdaagfygsknlgnriagdvmvkkvigqrepaswpenspipaghrhsisligefniagefwhvlplldelgirvlcslsgdsrfaeiqtmhrgeanmlvcsralinvarkmeeryqipwfegsfyglrsmadslrtiavllkdpdlqarterliereeaathlalapyrarlsgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgitvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgedvlmldegnartlldtlyrfggdimiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyhglvnlaeqlcitlespvwaqvnrlapwr
>Selenomonas_flueggei_ATCC_43531  coded_by=complement(75547..76851),organism=Selenomonas flueggei ATCC 43531,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mgievkrvgvrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvvfhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvrlspvplltsglgeseaifggedrlrecirfaaekyhpqavfianscvsgvigddtkaiaeemetelgipvmavsahgfldgeyyagyldaaralvdrfmhpaerkpgtvallgdcggmhgeyakelrrllalldlkvtaqfpsylaldemqavpeaeliillgrrmddekqgqlaelaehmherfgtpyladvyavgaeetkiwlrrvgalchreeaaeraiaseeasfsavvekaradlagrrcglaigrdltwfqpeiilrllnkagvalsgivlldcfmparrevmeealrcltdvpiyyegdaaademlhaanfvltthelvdaklrqlflallpsvgwsmerrllddmrqilhrhesrgrliyg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS16_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS16_6,definition=NifD
arksdcgvklniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_pachyrhizi  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgepkfqptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC268A00  coded_by=99958..101460,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC268A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrrkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnktkehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkqaeasaaiaae
>Synechococcus_sp._JA-2-3B'a(2-13)  coded_by=430819..432282,organism=Synechococcus sp. JA-2-3B'a(2-13),definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mttlkstlkeetrkivtevletypekaqkkrakhlnvydegkadcgvksniksipgvmttrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihlshgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgitgvntfgtmqftsdfqerdvvfggdkklakllveaselfplakgitiqsecpvgligddieavakrvskeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpiadkkakegslnfepgpydvaligdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvtqfsgdgtwnemllaprvklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeaygipwlefnffgptqiakslraiaqrfdetiqakaeqviakykpqseaiiakyrprlegkrvmlmvgglrprhvipafrelgmeviatgyefghgddykrttqyiddgtliyddvsgyefeefakrlkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdlalnsptwdlvkapwks
>Acetobacterium_woodii_DSM_1030  coded_by=complement(911259..912845),organism=Acetobacterium woodii DSM 1030,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mdsrekvldkysskiyknrkehviqieagepnviaadtraipgimtnrgccyagckgvvigplkdvvqivhgpigcsyyawgtrrnkgkgdentknfleycfstdmqetdivfggekklkkaikeaveifdpacimiastcpvgligddihavaaeaeemynikvvsfscegykgvsqsgghhiannglmknvigtgnaehvnysinllgeyniggdgweicrvlkrigynvvsvmtgdgsyaeiknahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemlktkygtewlkvnfigiegikqslrdvaaffndpaltakteaviadeedeikeaiseykaklegktasiyvggsrthhyinllkslgvevilagyefahrddyegrqvlplkmdadskniesitvekdpdkyrtfhseeriqelkdaglpiesydglwadiadnamitddynqfeteeflkllkpdiffsgikdkyivqrsgvpsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgalnfardvtlavntpafnlvqapwkseptlignlggme
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_S2  coded_by=848539..849981,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis S2,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mvlnldtenrkmqdgnndddfdlevkipnsifeklksiealkaresqmcvsgkddsiptcdknstpgmitqrscvyggarvvlmpitdavhlvhgpigcaactwdirgskstgdklykngfstdlqekdivfggekklyesilevnklyhpgaifvystcvvgligddlkavcrqaqeatgcrvipvqsegfksfnktaghklacdamldyvigteepeeehpysiniigefnvagdlwgiiplyekmgvkvhtaitgdstvakvasahrsklnivqcqkssnylaaqmekkygipsikvnffgldettkslravaeffgdeemikrteelikseiknlrdeiseykkdlsgrtvaiysgahkswalvsafgeldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqqirdhvcegtlivddassmelvqllkeykpdilisgakekylslksgiphcdfnhdritafsgyqgfinfarvvhtavmtpiwrlsrk
>Enterobacter_sp._R4-368  coded_by=558320..559693,organism=Enterobacter sp. R4-368,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgndilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllplsdvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgslssgprinrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaatatgvpviavdvagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkkviggrepapwpdntpfapahrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqvnmlvcsralinvarsleqrygtpwfegsfygvratsdalrqlatltgdsdlmarteqlitreehaaeqalaplrerlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnaralldvvyrckadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrgiitlaeqlcqtlespvwpqtharapwq
>Enterobacter_sp._R4-368  coded_by=8989..10362,organism=Enterobacter sp. R4-368,definition=NifE
mkgndilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllplsdvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgslssgprinrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaatatgvpviavdvagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkkviggrepapwpdntpfapahrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqvnmlvcsralinvarsleqrygtpwfegsfygvratsdalrqlatltgdsdlmarteqlitreehaaeqalaplrerlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnaralldvvyrckadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrgiitlaeqlcqtlespvwpqtharapwq
>Mesorhizobium_loti_NZP2037  coded_by=135006..136496,organism=Mesorhizobium loti NZP2037,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein, NifE
mtslsakiqdvfdepacdtnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerklfraireiketyappavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpinapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldvasahraraammvcssalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrniaellvrkgadaeildrtdtliaeqeaiawkkleayrrrlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmetgmeivgtsvkkstvedkerikrilkdenhmfeqmaardlyamlsnhkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwgqvrepapwdcppaleddlastkngtatvnafnefagatahrfdnr
>Methanosaeta_sp._SDB  coded_by=complement(242..>1272),organism=Methanosaeta sp. SDB,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
avcksasddlgipvipvmsegfrgnknegykaacnalfeligtrdylpkspyainllgeynvagdlwsikplfeemgvevvasftgdsrveeiqrahkaklnlvqcsgsmtylakkmeetygvpyrrisffgigdissalrttaeffgdsrmmeraeeiieremtriepeierhrsrvsgkkaaiymggaakavslvrafgeigmdvviigtqtgsrddyknisyivkegtviiddanplelkellvkqgadllvagvkerflayklgvafcdfnhdrtatfegfdgivnfarevditinspvwtlpiervtgirmrteaasekvageipmdqnatggetfv
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L103C120A0  coded_by=complement(172256..173746),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L103C120A0,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrckdakarkvgcsrpltpgaaaggcvfdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkgireikeaygppaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipadaryfdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavgeelprtksenvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=526..1941,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=NifE
mlqeklqdvfnepgcstnqaksekerkkgcskalkpgaaaggcaydgamialqpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswdnrgtkssgsqlyrtgfttdmseldiihggekklykaikeivqqydppavfvyqtcvpamigddieavckfaakklgkpvipvmapgfvgsknlgnklagetlldtssarwspevttptdicivgeynlagelwlvkplldeigirilscisgdgrynemaqahrarltmvvcsqalvnvgrkmqerwgipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrtmarmlvergadkaiidrtegviareesrvwrrlepykprfdgkrvllftggvkswsmvtalegagltivgtstkkstkedkerikkmkgeefhqwddlkprdiykmlrdseadimmsggrsqfialkakvpwldlnqerhtpyagydgivnlceeidktlsnpiwrqvrlaapwdmkpdakpdarpvga
>Herbinix_hemicellulosilytica  coded_by=222478..223812,organism=Herbinix hemicellulosilytica,definition=putative secreted protein
msdfierskfscalggaittitaipkaipivhasggcaaalsntynlssgyrgtgycggnmiptsnitqshivfggeeklagqiestiryikgdlyivvtgcqteligddavgvalkyrennvigvstpgfkgntlrgydevlctlikevvektdekeektinligivpghdvffkgniehltdllkrigirantffgdgesiekiktygrakltvvlsetagqlaakafenvhkipyittdlpigpkatekflkligealgiekeiidrvvkdekkyfysylerivdaasdldfqryavivadsyyaypltefvseelgwipyfvavndieddklqeeyknkfdrltsytkpeilfesksgliekkldlifkeqtdskyhdrpepmfiigsvverglakkygtgflsvafpvsnrvvlnkgyagfrgaltltedllselvsar
>Oscillatoria_tenuis_CCAP_1459/4  coded_by=<1..>883,organism=Oscillatoria tenuis CCAP 1459/4,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
lfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakksakeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfpqydkekkagnipdgteydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemihtpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyicrhmeetygtpwleynffgptqiaeslrtiaakfdekiqakaeeviakyeaqtqaviekfrprlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafhdlgmqligtgyefghnddykrtthyiengtliyddvsayefeefikelkpdlvasgikekyv
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=complement(4376864..4378255),organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
milsegvddpmepirkeefddqacgsqapkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpvacagnswesrgslssgptlsqygfatdlsnndiifggekklkdsidyiagrfappaifvyatcvtaligedmdavckeasgrlgipvvpvngpgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepeqetplgvnligeyniagemweieklmnqagitllsritgdarykeitwahrakanmvvcsrallglakqmeskygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmayllndremerrvdrltereenrlshdlrpyrkilkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgiqvvgvgtnkssdedvqriadrvsddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfvdinqerhkayagyegllrlakelvdsldnpiwrlasspapwdkedsydr
>Dehalobacter_sp._UNSWDHB  coded_by=2019..3455,organism=Dehalobacter sp. UNSWDHB,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mnerpnetmveevlsiypekaqklrakhlavkdegcscaiksnikcipglmtargcayagakgvvwgpirdmihishgpigcgyyswgmrrnltqgvvgvetfspmmfssdfsesnivyggdkklaqvmkevkelfptvqgisicsecpvgligddiesvakkankelelpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdhllgkrerpgevgpydisligdyniggdawaskkileemglnvknvwtgdgttegmmaahqvklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeetwgipwmefnffgptkiaesirkiaamfdetiqnkgeeviakyqpmmqkvidtyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtfpemtnetliydditeyeldefvkrirpdlvgsgikekyvfekmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfpifardmdmavnsptrsltkapwnkekevr
>Dehalobacter_sp._DCA  coded_by=complement(2030409..2031845),organism=Dehalobacter sp. DCA,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mnerpnetmveevlsiypekaqklrakhlavkdegcscaiksnikcipglmtargcayagakgvvwgpirdmihishgpigcgyyswgmrrnltqgvvgvetfspmmfssdfsesnivyggdkklaqvmkevkelfptvqgisicsecpvgligddiesvakkankelelpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdhllgkrerpgevgpydisligdyniggdawaskkileemglnvknvwtgdgttegmmaahqvklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeetwgipwmefnffgptkiaesirkiaamfdetiqnkgeeviakyqpmmqkvidtyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtfpemtnetliydditeyeldefvkrirpdlvgsgikekyvfekmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfpifardmdmavnsptrsltkapwnkekevr
>Dehalobacter_sp._CF  coded_by=complement(2060190..2061626),organism=Dehalobacter sp. CF,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mnerpnetmveevlsiypekaqklrakhlavkdegcscaiksnikcipglmtargcayagakgvvwgpirdmihishgpigcgyyswgmrrnltqgvvgvetfspmmfssdfsesnivyggdkklaqvmkevkelfptvqgisicsecpvgligddiesvakkankelelpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdhllgkrerpgevgpydisligdyniggdawaskkileemglnvknvwtgdgttegmmaahqvklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeetwgipwmefnffgptkiaesirkiaamfdetiqnkgeeviakyqpmmqkvidtyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtfpemtnetliydditeyeldefvkrirpdlvgsgikekyvfekmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfpifardmdmavnsptrsltkapwnkekevr
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=1066345..1067865,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
miymkvdlntsvvktreqrlgtiigwktgktsdlsrdsaytcggckgnggkrlceaigpftqgsscsermvecqagevrdailiqhspigcgtsqvacnsiyrnglknrklpienmkvintniketdmvfgalekleqsirdawerhhpkaifiatscvtgiigedidsvasklheefkipvvpmycegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilkyivrksskkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpilaelglrvnyvvdmatvedleqlseaaatvsfchtlssylaagleeqfgvpevkapqpygiagtdawirelarvthrekeaeayiekehkriapkikelkkllsgkkgyaatgsayshgliavlgelgvqvdgslvfhhdpvydnndptkdslkflvdnygdvpnfsvsnrqqyqfygllknvnpdfiiirhaglaslasrmgipavplgdehhavgyqgilnlgetildilarkkfhkdlsshvklpytkwwleqrdpyilekqhyvvy
>Desulfotomaculum_kuznetsovii_DSM_6115  coded_by=complement(3370045..3371505),organism=Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii DSM 6115,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpvvrmkcnetiperdkhiyrtekeksiipacniatipgdmterguafagargvvggpisdviqlvhapagcawytwgtrrhlsdfypwatptrltnvafnrrycmctdmqekdvvfggmkkleqacleairlfpeakgliifttcttgligddvqaiarqvekktgkliftsespgcsgvsqsrghhdfntqfyrqirqlrerrpelkmseeektpydicligeynmdwdlkivrplfekigvriaavfsgnerienlvkmpdvklnvvhcqrsaeyiahmikdgfnipfirvslfgikqtaealrktaaffgleeraekviagemkrvekslafyreklkgkrvaiyvggprvwhwiklmeelgmtvvavactfaheddyekinarapegmlvidnpnefeieemlktekpdlfltglkekyiarkmgiptvnshsyekgpyagfvgmvnfardiyqalyapvwkyqwgidgapakdeeegscs
>Paenibacillus_odorifer  coded_by=complement(5570727..5572091),organism=Paenibacillus odorifer,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mesirndvfdaqacgsltpkskpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpaacagnswesrgalssgpslsqygfttdlndndiifggekklkdsidyiagrfmppaifvyatcvtaligedldavckeaagrlglpvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlageallqyvigtgepeieiplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmksvgitlmsritgdarykeitwahhakvnmvvcsrallglakemearyhipyfegsfygakettyslrqmayllndremerrvdrltereenrliqelrpyrkllkgkkavlytggvkswsiisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrdrkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaasaapwdkeepsydr
>Bradyrhizobium_rifense  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium rifense,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H33  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H33,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zs7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zs7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csem17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csem17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csma2b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csma2b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cs4c2a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cs4c2a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cswp47  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cswp47,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cspf19  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cspf19,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gtlt8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gtlt8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gtlt7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gtlt7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gtlt6a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gtlt6a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gtlt2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gtlt2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bacteroides_reticulotermitis_JCM_10512  coded_by=complement(11150..11971),organism=Bacteroides reticulotermitis JCM 10512,definition=nitrogenase
mlanlnlrvnyvvdlatvedlaqmseaactvgfcytlssylaagleqhfgvpeikapqpygfagtdawireigrvtnreelaeayiareharvkpkleelkkklkglkgfvatgsayshglisvlreleietnaslvfhhdpiydsgdprqdslghlienygdvpsfsvsnrqqyqfyallqrthpdfilirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehiavgydgmlnlgetildivahkkfhedlsrhvklpykkwwldqedpyilakepslieai
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_R121  coded_by=complement(7829..9397),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus R121,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msealkskiadvlnepgcatnstktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseldivmghgekklyralrevieaespaavfvyatcvtaligddldavckaatakwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetvtpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgsiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqerygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrrmcellvdqgapkdllnrcevliareeakawaalkpfrprvagrrvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatandrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlrdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgisapmgrapvlvpqqaaaaplapaaapglaamtnsatdfedc
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_Y262  coded_by=complement(7829..9397),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus Y262,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msealkskiadvlnepgcatnstktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseldivmghgekklyralrevieaespaavfvyatcvtaligddldavckaatakwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetvtpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgsiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqerygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrrmcellvdqgapkdllnrcevliareeakawaalkpfrprvagrrvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatandrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlrdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgisapmgrapvlvpqqaaaaplapaaapglaamtnsatdfedc
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_DE442  coded_by=complement(7829..9397),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus DE442,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msealkskiadvlnepgcatnstktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseldivmghgekklyralrevieaespaavfvyatcvtaligddldavckaatakwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetvtpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgsiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqerygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrrmcellvdqgapkdllnrcevliareeakawaalkpfrprvagrrvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatandrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlrdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgisapmgrapvlvpqqaaaaplapaaapglaamtnsatdfedc
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=complement(3474958..3476526),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron biosynthesis protein NifE
msealkskiadvlnepgcatnstktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseldivmghgekklyralrevieaespaavfvyatcvtaligddldavckaatakwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetvtpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgsiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqerygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrrmcellvdqgapkdllnrcevliareeakawaalkpfrprvagrrvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatandrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlrdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgisapmgrapvlvpqqaaaaplapaaapglaamtnsatdfedc
>Caldicellulosiruptor_kronotskyensis_2002  coded_by=complement(2316279..2317673),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor kronotskyensis 2002,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvtldcdrcieergkhtyitdrnnpvvpvcnvrtipgdmtergcafagargvvggpvkdviqivhgpigcayytwssrrhlsdsefhrkycfstdmqekdivfggekklynaiieanqqfpeakavfiyatcptaligddleavakkaskaigkpviafnspgfcgvsqskghhianhtifekivgtkeledptpydvniigeynidgdywvleklftkiglriitaftgnasydnlckmhyaklnivhcqrsatyiarlmkekygtpfirvtlfgitettnslreigkffgidkkveevieeelesimsrleffreklrgkramiyvgaprvwhwiplmrdlgievvacattfgheddyekinaraddgvlvidnpneleleeviekykpdifltglkekylahkigvpslnshsyengpyvafeglvnfardlykslyapvwkfvdrrwasqwqqnlivr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS23_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS23_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS17_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS17_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS17_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS17_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS17_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS17_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS16_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS16_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS16_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS16_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS4_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS4_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS4_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS4_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS4_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS4_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS4_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS4_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS3_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS3_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS25_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS25_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Blastochloris_viridis  coded_by=2937408..2938934,organism=Blastochloris viridis,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mainlkvasvesreqrlgtiinwdgkasdladqsgfsrdgcgarcgisggkvpricelespftqgtgcseqivenqashirdavlihhapigcsalhastsasyrkglaardmpvadaisistnlgdsdmvyggveklrdaihkawerhhpkaifiatscatgiigddvesvtkaceeelgipvvpvfcegfksnhwssgfdaiqhgilrhivrkaprrkqddlinlfvlsgadvytdmlgqlglranfvvnlatvegleqmseaaastsfcytfatylgaalerefgvpqikapqpfgfagtdgwlraigqalnrqeqveqyiqreherigprveklrtelrglkgfvvmgpgyahgiigilrelgitvegsvayhhdpiydspdterdtlgfmldsygdiehlsisngqsyrffnmlkrvnpdfiifrhsalgsvinrlglpvipleadasfpvgyqglvnigeeilavlaqrkfhedlaahttlpykaswlaeqdpfalarrvga
>Clostridium_butyricum_DKU-01  coded_by=72809..74398,organism=Clostridium butyricum DKU-01,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskidsvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsdqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkdpekfkiyrteeeieelkkeiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktqsvlegklggee
>Bradyrhizobium_manausense  coded_by=complement(16081..17709),organism=Bradyrhizobium manausense,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
mtslsatiqnvfnepncaknankseaarkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgsassgsdlwrrsfttdmheidvvfggekrlykaikeiiakydpaaifvyqtcvpamigddinavckiasakfgksvipvnspgfvgsknlgsklagealleyvigtqepdcttpydinligefnlsgelwqikplldeigirilscisgdgkyreiasshraraammvcskaminvaskmrerygipffegsfygiqdtsdalrkiarmliergappqlmerteaavareeakawaaierfkprfagkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstsedkeriqklvghdahmiedltpreiykmlkgakadimlsggksqfvalkaatpwldinqerchaymgyvgivklmeevdkalynpiwdqlrrpapwdeaeinwqakalaqvdvsaaggtptllgaarapyakrtrsrktvelsiieecipthgsttvgampqdthasvpaqpmsalqaae
>Methanolobus_tindarius_DSM_2278  coded_by=complement(1948084..1949574),organism=Methanolobus tindarius DSM 2278,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpditsvvntlderkpyielkqankagelscdstsiagsmsqracvysgarvalnpvtdavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssdketfrtsfstdmkeldvifggekklsksidelvelynppvifvystcivgiigddleaickeatervgipvipvksegfkgtksdgykaachalmelvgtkepeitseyrinilgdynvagdvwlvkplfekmgiqvitsmtgdatadsiskahgaqlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmnkefgipfrkvsyfgiedlaialrttaeffgseemmniaeeiieqetnrimpeiqeirsrlegktaaiymggaakaltlikgfrelgmevviigtqtgkrddykqisyqvkdgtvivddanpleladlivnqkadlmvagvkerflayklgvsfcdfnhdrtiefegydgflnfareldtsvnspvwkyvgskiegaysessgadcetedetktsnkitgersmqkidpitlqqepva
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=complement(1846666..1848054),organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=VnfD
mplklfkcdetiperkrhcyvkqpgedttmflpdanintipgtlsergcsfcgsklviggvlkdtiqlihgpvgcayntwhtkrypsdndnfqlkhawstdvkerhvvfggekilkqsmleafaefpnikrmivyttcataligddpkavarevqkelgdvdifcsecagfagvsqskghhvfniswmnekvgtfepeikspytinligdyniqgdsyvlsryldrmgiqviahftgngtydglrsmhkaqlsvvncarsagyianelkktyniprididswgfdytaeglrkigtffgiedkveeliseeyakwkpkldwykeklkgkkaciwtggprlwhwtksleddlgvevvamsskfghqedfekviargktgaiylddaneleffevldevkpdviftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegfvnlardvynatrsplwelagedirev
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=complement(1846540..1847928),organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mplklfkcdetiperkrhcyvkqpgedttmflpdanintipgtlsergcsfcgsklviggvlkdtiqlihgpvgcayntwhtkrypsdndnfqlkhawstdvkerhvvfggekilkqsmleafaefpnikrmivyttcataligddpkavarevqkelgdvdifcsecagfagvsqskghhvfniswmnekvgtfepeikspytinligdyniqgdsyvlsryldrmgiqviahftgngtydglrsmhkaqlsvvncarsagyianelkktyniprididswgfdytaeglrkigtffgiedkveeliseeyakwkpkldwykeklkgkkaciwtggprlwhwtksleddlgvevvamsskfghqedfekviargktgaiylddaneleffevldevkpdviftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegfvnlardvynatrsplwelagedirev
>Candidatus_Atelocyanobacterium_thalassa_isolate_ALOHA  coded_by=695706..697148,organism=Candidatus Atelocyanobacterium thalassa isolate ALOHA,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
matveenkkliadvlatypakaakkrnkhlgvyeegaddcgvksnkvslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigvtgvdsfgtmnftsdfqerdvvfggdtklsqlideveilfplnggisvqsecpigligddieavartktkelgkqvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnnptwglvgtpwnk
>Desulfovibrio_gigas_DSM_1382_=_ATCC_19364  coded_by=complement(1378151..1379578),organism=Desulfovibrio gigas DSM 1382 = ATCC 19364,definition=putative nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein
mtdhatptksvifeeradqihvtgndaagapnvfdlacnrpslagavsqractfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgamssgpelhrlsfstdlqerdvifggetklykalielidrhepkaafvystcivgiigddiqavckkvseekgipvlpvqsegfkgnkragyeaackamaqlagtadvsdvsplsinilgdfnlageiwvirdyyermglqvvatitgdgrvdairrchgaalnlvqcngatqpfakimeekygqpyirvsyfgiedmaqalydvaeffkdkdpaimdrarkivaeevggllprlrefrkdlegkkaaiyvggafkafslikafrhlgmqvalvgsqtgtkedyeelaaicdpgtiivddsnplelsafikekdvdifvggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkeclegfvgmynfalevhrtvmspvwrfmprrvakaaatahcteati
>uncultured_Desulfofustis_sp._PB-SRB1  coded_by=5016..6653,organism=uncultured Desulfofustis sp. PB-SRB1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgkaikttptdpavikeallekyppkvarkrakqilineamenttpeitanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvilgptsdivnlvhgpvgcsfyawltrrnqtdasgergenfmtyamttdmqdsdiifggekklekaiqeaydlfhpkaiavfatcpvgligddihavakkmkekfgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfrhvvgtgekerdepfkinllgeyniggdgfeidrilekcgitniatfsgnstydqfatanqadlscvmchrsinyvadmletkygipwikvnfigahatakslrkigdyfddaalkerieaviseelpevervrkqisprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqelfaelgmrtisagyefahrddyegrevlgslkvdadsrnieeievsadpdqfkprktaeemaelirrglefkeydgmikdmeqgsividdlnqfeaeklvemlkpdlfcagikekysiqklgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfyheidrlvnsrvwgylkapwqdepelratyvwe
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS41_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS41_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasfkfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Rhizobium_gallicum_bv._gallicum_R602  coded_by=257896..259398,organism=Rhizobium gallicum bv. gallicum R602,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein alpha chain NifD
msldyendsalhekligevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvarsgdepgeeakalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdktevefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslreiakhfgpeivdkteaviaryrplvdavidkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkkavppmaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mc11.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mc11.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeterrvestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkrhlsvsrnkretaeegqvvsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklidelvelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehkttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkkdvpyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleqiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapaaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysdltdavidkysprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkhgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwkkvtmpaaagaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkrhlsvsrnkretaeegqvvsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklidelvelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehkttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkkdvpyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleqiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapaaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysdltdavidkysprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkhgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwkkvtmpaaagaae
>'Nostoc_azollae'_0708  coded_by=complement(1425098..1426600),organism='Nostoc azollae' 0708,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppddkkiveqrkelikevlkaypekaskkrekhlnvyeegkadcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyylgktgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktsktigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradqakkdgtlkfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaaslreiaskfdskiqenaekviakyqptmdaivkeyrprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrttnyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwnkkaqakakakasv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cslt5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cslt5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csri27  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csri27,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csma27  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csma27,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csds5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csds5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csmx9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csmx9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cscc5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cscc5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cspf11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cspf11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._AlisF2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. AlisF2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._AbruD10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. AbruD10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CollC20  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CollC20,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CollC19  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CollC19,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ValeG5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ValeG5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_CCNWSX0020  coded_by=13675..15177,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti CCNWSX0020,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_1021  coded_by=454549..456051,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 1021,definition=NifD nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_2011  coded_by=454209..455711,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 2011,definition=NifD nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_GR4  coded_by=complement(1012939..1014441),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti GR4,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_BL225C  coded_by=944756..946258,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti BL225C,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_Rm41  coded_by=732258..733760,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti Rm41,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=complement(1701897..1703489),organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
manfrdtilegypakvfknrkdhivelegednpieanrrtvpgiitsrgccyagckgvvlgpikdivlithgpigcgyyswltrrnkarpgsngldlipysfstdmqesdivfggvnklakaideaveifhpravfitatcpvgligddinavaaaaqkrlgvqcvafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqfvkyivgtgeerkmgkypinilgeyniggdaweierilnkigydivctytgdasvddmrnanraelsivqchrsinyiaemietkygvrwmkinfiglkgtmeslrnmakffgdpelierteqviaeefaliedqfnahkerlkgrtaalyvggsrshhyqillndlgistilagyefghredyegrkvlpfvkedadskniesitvepdeknyhmyipkekaeelskemeldyyngmfydmkdgnvaiddlnhyetemlleklkpdiffsgikdkfvaqkngtlsrqlhsydysgpyagfngalnfardvdmgvhtptwtlveapwkknpmlvgevlggqk
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(3257962..3259335),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsqssgpainrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhiverydpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraasvavgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkqvigtrepapwrdgtafspaqrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgnlsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqvnmlvcsralinvartleqrygtpwfegsfygvramsdalrqlaamlddpdlmqrtetviareeataqqalapyrarlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnartlldvayrygadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyrgivtlaeqlcltlespiwaqthqrapwh
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(3211186..3212559),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsqssgpainrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhiverydpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraasvavgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkqvigtrepapwrdgtafspaqrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgnlsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqvnmlvcsralinvartleqrygtpwfegsfygvramsdalrqlaamlddpdlmqrtetviareeataqqalapyrarlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddaimldegnartlldvayrygadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyrgivtlaeqlcltlespiwaqthqrapwh
>Beijerinckia_indica_subsp._lacticogenes  coded_by=<1..>1089,organism=Beijerinckia indica subsp. lacticogenes,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
gpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeimelfplbhgvtvqsecpigligddieavskqkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkmegkparieltdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiashfddkikenaekviakyralsdaviekyrprlhgrkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfq
>Oxobacter_pfennigii  coded_by=312456..313868,organism=Oxobacter pfennigii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mkcgsdeakgcsmnntvpiaerekfifinskngkkgtvmcdeesvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeevyrnsfstdlrerdiifggekklasaideimekfspklifiystcivgvigddvdavcrtaekkygirvipvkspgfaghksmgykaacealvtlfgnekkgkvdginylgdfnlsgeiwilteylkkmginivskitgdssyeelknapkarlnivqcagsmvylakrmeelygipyikisffgledtkrsllaiadslgdkdaynkalllikneekkvkedldyfrmklkgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfndlgintaivgtqtgkpedyeiireisdegtvvlddtnpyelekfmkekdvdilvggvkerplayklgaafcdhnherkhplcgfegavnfareihqsanspvwniiknerkgsewlwqeal
>Clostridium_butyricum  coded_by=47886..49223,organism=Clostridium butyricum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqrkeyddllkereefickkgkengnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeedfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Clostridium_butyricum_DORA_1  coded_by=complement(137208..138545),organism=Clostridium butyricum DORA_1,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqrkeyddllkereefickkgkengnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeedfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Methanocella_paludicola_SANAE  coded_by=902994..904409,organism=Methanocella paludicola SANAE,definition=nitrogenase associated protein
mdddsivfhgtlsqllakvesgemipklqashapmckfftayyvingirhvvplvhgptgcplymsdivrtrecceergvpleptacttldesnviyggegklleavkeadkkyhpdlivilscccsgiigddvesiareaeeqvncrvlalrsegfggdfrsgyedafklimelmeppkkkvkgtvnilgarwgptltefnedmeevkrllgemgvtinaviaggctvdeikrarevelnaswcydwgqklgdimqerfgipysktgqpyglratkewmlgiarpmgledkaleviereteqvqpyldylhealngktaiieisefpgpiralslarmveefgahpvvinvhpytikermpsikflletgvnpeiiltkglfrlgsfrssketedeleaivrkyedpiffgnsaryppcpvvnltllnpafqpqygfrgikniaalvrqaleykdlprskllrgmlygpk
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=2669673..2671214,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase associated protein E
msiettfsdsivfhgplselyqlakegkiktslqgshtrpckfwtatkilsgiqnsviiahgpsgcafgvkkaykltnsrnsgspyeavistnidmkgvvyggekelrgairevdnkyrpdvifvstscatgiigdnvdavvdslkdevnaeimtihcegfageyrsgfdlvfkqlvrlmeprdpertaalaksvnivggkmgpertevdtdvkelvrlvegmgahinsviagnctleelknapsvavnctlcldlgytigkemketfgtplnstilpygisaterwlreaakylgmeaeaealiaseygaiqqeiedaraqlegklaiveahdaikalsiahmlekdfgmrvviynfhpwstearetsidylletgmdpevlitkgtlkfgkyesmkqteeellaflgsvdpvstvyfgsslsypaipvvdlnailnrprfgfrgslkvaqciltsmqysfrprswltkkmvfpeqsqglasassltpkwseeapdctlyaaerrkgrcmmn
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=207292..208800,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=possible nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain (nitrogenase component I) (dinitrogenase)
mvlnlktssvetreqrlgtiigwdgtaskladesafsrgdcggcgtkarrvcelegpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnirdavliqhspigcgagqviynsiyrnglamrglpvqnirfistnlrerdmvyggaeklaeairlaverhqpkavfiatscasgiigddiesvartaeaefgipiiplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrrnpdkrqddlinvinlwgtdvfspmlgelglrvnyvvdmatveelaqmsearatvsfcytlgtylataleqefgveqikapqpygfagtdawlrelarvtgreaqaedyiareharvkplldelrpklkglkgyvatgsayshgligvlreigvevdgslvfhhdpvydsedprqdslghlienygdvrhftvgnrqqyqfynllqrvkpdfiiirhnglaplaarlgipaiplgdehhalgyqgmvnlgesilaalqhrkfhkdiakrvslpykqswlaqkdpfalaraas
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS36_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS36_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklvdelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Heliobacterium_modesticaldum_Ice1  coded_by=931..>2208,organism=Heliobacterium modesticaldum Ice1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
maeqqdlkgyasramvdevlsaypekvqkmrakhitvkeegcascsirsnaktvpglmtargcafagakgvvfgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnlaegtlgvdnfvpfqftsdftegdivyggdkkleqlcrevkalfptvkgisvmsecpvgligddiesvskrmskelgipivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhllakkerpdpgpydvsligdyniggdawasikileemglkvrniwtgdatvemlqtahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhmeeeygipwvefnffgptkikesirkiaaffdetiqekaeaviakydplmqavidkyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtfpmmgdntviyddvtafefeefvnrmrpdligsgikek
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R7-0273  coded_by=complement(5935690..5937153),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-0273,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgldieankklveevleaypkkakkdrekhyqinteeaqtcgtcalksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklevimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelempvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvlgkadlaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvehmekaygipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaalfdetiqencekmiakhkpamdaiinkykprlenkkvllmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyektfpmmkegtiimddptayeleelaqkmnvdlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnspvwslmqkkekehvqkeeagi
>Ilyobacter_polytropus_DSM_2926  coded_by=complement(1520040..1521416),organism=Ilyobacter polytropus DSM 2926,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdkkiidgnlalieerkdfivcnkeekgkkikcdsqsvagavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdavhlvhgpigcaaytfdirgslssgseeyrnsystdlrekdiifggekkltaaideimelknpklifvystcvvgvigddlqaickaaekkygirvipvessgfvgsksagykaagdailkileldgnsegekkginflgdfnlagelwiikgylkeigidvvahfsgdsnyeqikeaptalfnvvqcagsmtslakkfedkygtpytkvsffgledirislrslaytlgdfnvikkteefvkrmeketterlepyrkklagkkvaiyvgggfkaislikqfrdlgitpvmvgsqtgrpeeyeiirklsdentvvlddanpselerfmrekgadmlvggvkerplayklgigfidhnharkhplagyegainfakeidltvnspvwdiikkngmgie
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=9613..11097,organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtamtreetqaliqevleaypdkakkdrakhlavndqsieqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyightgvntfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideieglfplskgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkgkelekpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvignrdgdesfattpydvavigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlaemeltpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrfmeekygipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffdetiqanaekviakyeaeyqaiiakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikdmgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkkikpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpcwksmqapwlksaegeaeklaasa
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=3978030..3979514,organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtamtreetqaliqevleaypdkakkdrakhlavndqsieqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyightgvntfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideieglfplskgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkgkelekpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvignrdgdesfattpydvavigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlaemeltpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrfmeekygipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffdetiqanaekviakyeaeyqaiiakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikdmgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkkikpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpcwksmqapwlksaegeaeklaasa
>Clostridium_cylindrosporum_DSM_605  coded_by=complement(210839..212236),organism=Clostridium cylindrosporum DSM 605,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrnkypkirekrlntinsyfgdidtllneikeenhkqrlrtfsqgeedeiiyaleflstignsisiihgpsgclasgiskfsrnrenvwfssnilekdsilggdrklketirkaykkytpelifilttpvvainnddiegvikelseeveakiipiytdgfkskiasygydlafhgiakylinnseigekeryinlisisedlrdveeiisltkslgvevnliprfsnanslkasanalfsialnesegeyvgrvleeefnvpfvriskpigvsgienyikellknanriidldnltllnkykhlesrkilkgfkvyvntsqstsieiltiiknlggeivgltvkdinqddtkyleniksfnneikihvgngqvfeeinilqklspdiyisdsnkskiesytlipsisldlvgkygyralerlistikrqlsynikykqeefiykngwlkknpnwyvkqevk
>Methanolinea_sp._SDB  coded_by=15595..16620,organism=Methanolinea sp. SDB,definition=hypothetical protein
mstsrsegctltgalsvttgvqdavtiihgpagcahhnvslffsllheqdigaipairctdlresevifggelvlealveetvregwksvfvlstcvvdtigddvaavcsreygvpvcyiptsgflggvfqtgyenallalssfscraapdgtvtligeknleyeveenfyeisrlmsalgariglryvrnigtdrladlgsgslnilrdrsidtvgkkfrelfgtpyiealpegfvqtceflektgellgknpesavdaeirlqkrmiarfrdfagrqvcfcgipgvvrnspaieeiiqtfdlscdedgiylevpdpfpvgtagmsrllhrwrrtvradk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dgra1.8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dgra1.8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lor6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lor6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._asg13  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. asg13,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=69656..71125,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mainlqrtqaiirenrlksivgykgsikdlvkqskegclknskrcfsqttscssgcaqfylssitdaavvnhapigcvgdtagananlkwgqnmrgweftnikivntnmtegstvfggskklkegvreayrrfnpkaifvttscasgiigddidsivqeveeevgvpvvpvycegfksqiwasgfdaafhalltrivktpeqkrpelinvinfsasksgsvkeifsrlglvpqfgipyssieeisrmseaaatislcgtlggyfgnaleqsygvpyvkalqphgiagmdswlralgkivgkekeveeyiaeakeriapelkeireqlkgkrvvvgmgpsfshnyirllqelglevvwgtswhydskhddggcpecsstlneqesdipvsvsdqqsheilnllnrlkpdlyigrhgglviwptkmgipsimvndeysafgydgtiefghriidtltntslvrniskriklpytqwwfeqdpfkfleseak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=4139555..4141024,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mainlqrtqaiirenrlksivgykgsikdlvkqskegclknskrcfsqttscssgcaqfylssitdaavvnhapigcvgdtagananlkwgqnmrgweftnikivntnmtegstvfggskklkegvreayrrfnpkaifvttscasgiigddidsivqeveeevgvpvvpvycegfksqiwasgfdaafhalltrivktpeqkrpelinvinfsasksgsvkeifsrlglvpqfgipyssieeisrmseaaatislcgtlggyfgnaleqsygvpyvkalqphgiagmdswlralgkivgkekeveeyiaeakeriapelkeireqlkgkrvvvgmgpsfshnyirllqelglevvwgtswhydskhddggcpecsstlneqesdipvsvsdqqsheilnllnrlkpdlyigrhgglviwptkmgipsimvndeysafgydgtiefghriidtltntslvrniskriklpytqwwfeqdpfkfleseak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3636354..3637823),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mainlqrtqaiirenrlksivgykgsikdlvkqskegclknskrcfsqttscssgcaqfylssitdaavvnhapigcvgdtagananlkwgqnmrgweftnikivntnmtegstvfggskklkegvreayrrfnpkaifvttscasgiigddidsivqeveeevgvpvvpvycegfksqiwasgfdaafhalltrivktpeqkrpelinvinfsasksgsvkeifsrlglvpqfgipyssieeisrmseaaatislcgtlggyfgnaleqsygvpyvkalqphgiagmdswlralgkivgkekeveeyiaeakeriapelkeireqlkgkrvvvgmgpsfshnyirllqelglevvwgtswhydskhddggcpecsstlneqesdipvsvsdqqsheilnllnrlkpdlyigrhgglviwptkmgipsimvndeysafgydgtiefghriidtltntslvrniskriklpytqwwfeqdpfkfleseak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3636146..3637615),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mainlqrtqaiirenrlksivgykgsikdlvkqskegclknskrcfsqttscssgcaqfylssitdaavvnhapigcvgdtagananlkwgqnmrgweftnikivntnmtegstvfggskklkegvreayrrfnpkaifvttscasgiigddidsivqeveeevgvpvvpvycegfksqiwasgfdaafhalltrivktpeqkrpelinvinfsasksgsvkeifsrlglvpqfgipyssieeisrmseaaatislcgtlggyfgnaleqsygvpyvkalqphgiagmdswlralgkivgkekeveeyiaeakeriapelkeireqlkgkrvvvgmgpsfshnyirllqelglevvwgtswhydskhddggcpecsstlneqesdipvsvsdqqsheilnllnrlkpdlyigrhgglviwptkmgipsimvndeysafgydgtiefghriidtltntslvrniskriklpytqwwfeqdpfkfleseak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=337040..338509,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mainlqrtqaiirenrlksivgykgsikdlvkqskegclknskrcfsqttscssgcaqfylssitdaavvnhapigcvgdtagananlkwgqnmrgweftnikivntnmtegstvfggskklkegvreayrrfnpkaifvttscasgiigddidsivqeveeevgvpvvpvycegfksqiwasgfdaafhalltrivktpeqkrpelinvinfsasksgsvkeifsrlglvpqfgipyssieeisrmseaaatislcgtlggyfgnaleqsygvpyvkalqphgiagmdswlralgkivgkekeveeyiaeakeriapelkeireqlkgkrvvvgmgpsfshnyirllqelglevvwgtswhydskhddggcpecsstlneqesdipvsvsdqqsheilnllnrlkpdlyigrhgglviwptkmgipsimvndeysafgydgtiefghriidtltntslvrniskriklpytqwwfeqdpfkfleseak
>Phormidium_autumnale_CCALA_143  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=Phormidium autumnale CCALA 143,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
lnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaakeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsvrdwvfpqydkekkagnipdgteydiaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemihtpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyicrhmeetygtpwleynffgptqiaeslrmiaakfdetiqakaeeviakyeaqtqaviekfrprlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafhdlgmqligtgyefghnddykrtahyiedgtliyddvsayefeefikelkpdlvasgikeky
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=1549..2919,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllecdkpiperekhtyikksgecivpmcnvqttpgdltergctyagcmgvvggpvkdvihlvhgpigcafytwgggrrqnlsdnqefhrkycfstsmqeaniifggeqklhkaileayerfpdvngvfvyatcvigligddinnvckqaskeigvpvipfscegfrgvsqslghhiandvifehivdtkepdevtpydiniigdyniqgdlwiiaplfeamglrilctftgnasiddlamahraklnvmhcqrstpyicelmeekyevpympvslfgieqtskalrdvaaffglgdkaeeviesevakilpeieyykeqlrgkrvfiyqgaprawhwiklmeelgmevigaattfghtddyekiierigdgalvidnpnsvelreiligykpdlfisglkekflayklgvafvnghsyergpyavysgflkfakdihttinhpvwkliegra
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis_str._HAMBI_540  coded_by=1082732..1084231,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis str. HAMBI 540,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhakviedvlsghhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstprsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgptqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdrygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyeapwkkatapsavaae
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=complement(28635..30134),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhakviedvlsghhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstprsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgptqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdrygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyeapwkkatapsavaae
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=complement(11262..12761),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhakviedvlsghhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstprsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgptqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdrygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyeapwkkatapsavaae
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=1588..3087,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhakviedvlsghhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstprsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgptqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdrygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyeapwkkatapsavaae
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._orientalis  coded_by=complement(11266..12765),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. orientalis,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhakviedvlsghhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstprsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgptqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdrygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyeapwkkatapsavaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=1589..3091,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvxfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkexpsaklqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zar1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zar1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zs14  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zs14,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC252B00  coded_by=5909..7411,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC252B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlnvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdiefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekhgiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaevviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlynapwkkktepsaaiaae
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=1458341..1459930,organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mkqkldkilekypaavfknrkqhivvkddsaeqpqtiaanvrtipgiitnrgccyagckgvvlgplrdavvlthgpigcgyytwgtrrnkgrtkgdelnllaycfstdlqesdivfggekklyqaireavdifkpktificatcpvgligddihavalraqkefgikvvafscegykgvsqsgghhiannglikhiigtgekavgkysinllgeyniggdgweierilkkigyeivalipgngtvedlkyahkatlnviqchrsinyigdmmrtkygqdwlkvnfigisstikslrdlaryfddpdlyarteaviaeeleeitpqieeyrkickgktaalfvggsrahhyqhlfkdlgvetvlagyefahrddyegrevlptikedgdsknienlevepdpkhyriflskekyeqlkneiqlndytgmiremkngslviddlnhyeteeilkllkpdifcsgikdkyvahkagifskqlhsydysgpyagfrgavifardiamglktpswklvtppwktqpiiegsyvc
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_P4-0081  coded_by=complement(6987833..6989290),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL P4-0081,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglnieenkklveevleaypkkakkdrekhfqvatdnaidcgtcavksniksrpgvmtprgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslraiaalfdatiqencermiakykpvmdaiihkfrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmlqegtiimddptayeleeitqrmnidlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkvfakdmdmtvnspvwdlvtrkskiqpeeasi
>Bradyrhizobium_valentinum  coded_by=complement(26275..27777),organism=Bradyrhizobium valentinum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslaptqsvaeikarnkeliqevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiveslrkiagyfddkikegaerviakyqplvdaviakyrprlegksvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyeferfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwkktkapwkdvpkpkllaae
>Bradyrhizobium_valentinum  coded_by=47464..48966,organism=Bradyrhizobium valentinum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslaptqsvaeikarnkeliqevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiveslrkiagyfddkikegaerviakyqplvdaviakyrprlegksvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyeferfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwkktkapwkdvpkpkllaae
>Heliobacterium_chlorum  coded_by=1754..3220,organism=Heliobacterium chlorum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
maeqetpkytpatpemvdevlsaypdrakkmrakhitvktegcascsvksnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvfgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnlaegelgvnnfvpfqftsdfsendivyggdkkleqicrevkelfptvkgisvmsecpvgligddiesvskkmskeldlpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdhllgkkereeevgpydvsligdyniggdawasikileemglrvrnvwtgdstiemlqtahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhmeetygiphmefnffgptkikqsiraiaahfddyikekgeaviakyepmmqavidkyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtmpmmgdntviyddvtayeleefvnrmkpdligsgvkekyvfekmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhaydgfpifardmdialssptwglakapwkketvkevr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H31  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H31,definition=NifD
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ic7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ic7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvesnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideikdlfplnrgisiqsecpvgligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilledmglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A28  coded_by=<1..>759,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A28,definition=NifD
hlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyis
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(2119..3600),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndpsleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkaaeydttvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfqttpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtisemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaesmraiaahfddhikqkceeviakyqpqweaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigsyedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkkikpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwqkieesvekvaasa
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=916..2418,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=NifD
msreyendgalhaklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlnvaksgneaggesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideievlfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrkktkeydktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdvkfeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrniakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakylsrlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefahsddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwdlfhapwkrsrgderamaae
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=916..2418,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=NifD
msreyendgalhaklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlnvaksgneaggesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideievlfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrkktkeydktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdvkfeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrniakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakylsrlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefahsddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwdlfhapwkrsrgderamaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW2  coded_by=172116..173621,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideinelfplangitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeapesentkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=1505..2875,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllecdipiperekhtyikksgetivprcnvqttpgdltergctyagcmgvvggpvkdvihlvhgpigcafytwgggrrqnlsdntefhrkycfsasmqepnvifggekklynsilesyerfpavngvfvyatcvigligddintvcknaakeigvpvipfscegfrgvsqslghhiandvifekivgtkepdevtpydiniigdyniqgdlwiieplfeamglrilctftgnasigdlamahraklnvmhcqrstlyicqlmeekyevpympvslfgiaqtsqalrdvaaffglggkaeeiiesevakilpeieyykeqlrgkrvfiyqgaprawhwiklmeelgmevigaattfghtddyekiierigdgaividnpnsvelreiligykpdlfisglkekflayklgvpfvnghsyergpyavysgflkfakdihttinhpawkliegra
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=complement(5828033..5829397),organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdpvrkdefdseacgslapkvkpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpslsqygfatdltdsdiifggekklkdsidyiaerfappaifvystcvtamigedmdavckaaadrlgipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepspdmsmginligeyniagemwdieklmnsagipvtsritgdarykeitwahrakvnmvvcsrallglaremesrygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaylmndrdmerrvdrltereearlsqdlrpyrkilkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasrilktvrerkadmmiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaaspapwdkevppydr
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=78341..79678,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=hypothetical protein
mskfidrprylctmggavatlnalprtisilhaaagcggnftnalsgaagylgssycagqalpssniyekdivfggeerleeqiastleivdgdlyfvvtgcmvdiigddavsvankfkqagkpvlaaetggfkgnsyqgydivlsklfrdyvtpnpvkdkktvnlfgivpvqdvfwkgnlnvlkaliqklgfqvntffgegetlenlknsavaalnivvsdvsgvepaqvfeevhgvpyviaplpigptgteeflrtvgaalgvadrvltqtiaeektryydylvrlsdvyndldfqrysvvvadanyasaltrfladdlgwlpelvvitdvleenekqavrkrfeglsgvkpqvvfdtdtasvgrhfrkawprnqnsryfdsfspafvfgsslekdfadtlgaahlsvaypisnrvvldrayagysgalrltedvlgllvsnr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC416B00  coded_by=complement(5454..6956),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC416B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metdamsllrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerklfkaileikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracfpgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlserkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqvrepapwdcqpareerprtksetptlhvvqefagttagnfgdc
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=complement(85057..87252),organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifH/NifE
mpelaiygkggigkstisanisaalgkkglkvlqvgcdpkhdstrlllrgsrittvldylkekspdqcrledilhegsfgvhcvesggpepgvgcagrgiltsfeflerlgvrdykydaviydvlgdvvcggfavpirreyaekvyivssgefmslyaannilrglknydrdagraggiilnsrglddedirvhrfcdavklplvarfprselfsdcereglclmekfpdselaeqfsaladtvysgqklypasplsdeeleerildkkpashpapkaviavpeksspkqnffskslvsreplhgcafsgamsistqvadsvsiahgpqscahitfqsltsfsrrillergivlpyisappvvtsgmnekvmiyggieelrqkilevkaskttlqqgpniifvlttcpsgiigddmgfvkdledintriipiltdgnlqgdylqgiiiaymeiarslidknvsprdntinivaeksetnaraesfvfikeiteelgitinshficessvgeirnfkkgklnilafgdymgrtirdflvsefnaeffdlpfpvgfaeseifvqrlgeyfhkdkqiingilekqrqkyyeeldrikpllknkrvmlinfnqnidwilrtlidlemeiafigilsysqdnsfktvfdskinelhldynninrqndlnrikpdlllanygsneqdesvimdsipycptagfmsglvfarrwaelfkmnlnegwrkdeqlfrkyys
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._tc12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. tc12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqvesdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._tc11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. tc11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqvesdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mlp19  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mlp19,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_MGH_27  coded_by=complement(705487..706860),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca MGH 27,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagdvmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaralelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_10-5242  coded_by=336294..337667,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca 10-5242,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagdvmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaralelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_sp._OBRC7  coded_by=complement(73125..74498),organism=Klebsiella sp. OBRC7,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagdvmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaralelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tpma1.5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tpma1.5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegepkfqptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC285A00  coded_by=3991..5493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC285A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvegviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Methanobacterium_lacus  coded_by=complement(1185495..1186850),organism=Methanobacterium lacus,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
madnnlqttkqtevtdpsihvieapryscslagvygtvlglydavpilhsgagcgvgqlfgllygggqnaggdfggtatpcsclveehvifggenklrslvdssidllnaelfvvisgcvpsligddvdavvgefkdkapvlhinapgfkansyegyelffegladqlltekpvqkgrvnilgvvpyqhifwkgelkaikdllatigidaniifteydtleklndipaaeynvvvspwnghraakkledkfgtpfisfpgvpvgpkqtseflrevskalntysdkvenviakeerrtyrileypgdaiilvrphsyfavaadsstavsltkfltneigylpdiiqitdnppeefreaiireitenletgyspdiifevdshkirenfkdrpflflfgsslegpiamsefgalsvtvafpsynrmvlvdnyvgydggarlvehvvttfagpl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(34475..35815),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
mydeltfeqcnhskdpivscalegvagviagikdasivihspqgcaatvnaaydthevdftrrkigctrlfesdvimgasdklkrlikeadqtfgnkvifvigtcaadiigedlegicrdmesevnaklipimaggfrgnsydgldlgfnsllpfikksdvkieksvniiapqgninptwwadldwvkdilntlgikvqtvlakdisiddlekagmasaniilshdvgyqfaeemrethgvplilddiplpvglkntskwlrrlgeyfsvsekveeiikkgeekvmtilrrralmmipryhncrialsadatmgialvrmvfeelemipeiilirsdtpegrklldqelkdlglsskvafgidgyqiketlknsgvdavlgsawekymaeevgvkiafdvltptnmdvyvdkayfgydgmlnvleviandwerayrskeidlegyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(1903589..1904929),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mydeltfeqcnhskdpivscalegvagviagikdasivihspqgcaatvnaaydthevdftrrkigctrlfesdvimgasdklkrlikeadqtfgnkvifvigtcaadiigedlegicrdmesevnaklipimaggfrgnsydgldlgfnsllpfikksdvkieksvniiapqgninptwwadldwvkdilntlgikvqtvlakdisiddlekagmasaniilshdvgyqfaeemrethgvplilddiplpvglkntskwlrrlgeyfsvsekveeiikkgeekvmtilrrralmmipryhncrialsadatmgialvrmvfeelemipeiilirsdtpegrklldqelkdlglsskvafgidgyqiketlknsgvdavlgsawekymaeevgvkiafdvltptnmdvyvdkayfgydgmlnvleviandwerayrskeidlegyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1520361..1521701,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mydeltfeqcnhskdpivscalegvagviagikdasivihspqgcaatvnaaydthevdftrrkigctrlfesdvimgasdklkrlikeadqtfgnkvifvigtcaadiigedlegicrdmesevnaklipimaggfrgnsydgldlgfnsllpfikksdvkieksvniiapqgninptwwadldwvkdilntlgikvqtvlakdisiddlekagmasaniilshdvgyqfaeemrethgvplilddiplpvglkntskwlrrlgeyfsvsekveeiikkgeekvmtilrrralmmipryhncrialsadatmgialvrmvfeelemipeiilirsdtpegrklldqelkdlglsskvafgidgyqiketlknsgvdavlgsawekymaeevgvkiafdvltptnmdvyvdkayfgydgmlnvleviandwerayrskeidlegyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1520361..1521701,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mydeltfeqcnhskdpivscalegvagviagikdasivihspqgcaatvnaaydthevdftrrkigctrlfesdvimgasdklkrlikeadqtfgnkvifvigtcaadiigedlegicrdmesevnaklipimaggfrgnsydgldlgfnsllpfikksdvkieksvniiapqgninptwwadldwvkdilntlgikvqtvlakdisiddlekagmasaniilshdvgyqfaeemrethgvplilddiplpvglkntskwlrrlgeyfsvsekveeiikkgeekvmtilrrralmmipryhncrialsadatmgialvrmvfeelemipeiilirsdtpegrklldqelkdlglsskvafgidgyqiketlknsgvdavlgsawekymaeevgvkiafdvltptnmdvyvdkayfgydgmlnvleviandwerayrskeidlegyv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(38417..39757),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mydeltfeqcnhskdpivscalegvagviagikdasivihspqgcaatvnaaydthevdftrrkigctrlfesdvimgasdklkrlikeadqtfgnkvifvigtcaadiigedlegicrdmesevnaklipimaggfrgnsydgldlgfnsllpfikksdvkieksvniiapqgninptwwadldwvkdilntlgikvqtvlakdisiddlekagmasaniilshdvgyqfaeemrethgvplilddiplpvglkntskwlrrlgeyfsvsekveeiikkgeekvmtilrrralmmipryhncrialsadatmgialvrmvfeelemipeiilirsdtpegrklldqelkdlglsskvafgidgyqiketlknsgvdavlgsawekymaeevgvkiafdvltptnmdvyvdkayfgydgmlnvleviandwerayrskeidlegyv
>Leptothrix_cholodnii_SP-6  coded_by=1429833..1431284,organism=Leptothrix cholodnii SP-6,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslkakiaevfdepgcdknqaksekerkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgattyrtgfttdineldviygaekrlfkaireiiekvnppaifvyqtcvtgligddieavckratekfgkpvipvnapgfagpknlgnklgaealldhvvgtiepevttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldalgvrilscisgdgryaevasahraranmmvcsksminiatkmaqrwgipyfegsfygisdmsttlreiarllvqtgapsdlkdrtealiaveearaferiraykqrlagkkvllitggvkswsvvsalqeaglevvgtsvkkstqedkrklkdimgddadahmiddmtprqmyamlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqerhhafagyegmvtmiaeidkalfnpmwaqvrtpapweavdpllveqdaaqlaaeaapa
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=complement(<1..>757),organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgqestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmtlpfrqmhs
>Calditerrivibrio_nitroreducens_DSM_19672  coded_by=715049..716494,organism=Calditerrivibrio nitroreducens DSM 19672,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msekktvykdfiedtlkeypekskkerakhfainepedtscsvksnkkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdvvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyyngitginsfgvmqitsdfqekdivfggdkklskiideleemfplskgisiqsecpigligddieavarkksaeikkpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandalrdwvyerdvkgadvednkynvalmgdyniggdawssrkiledmglkvisqstgdstlselanikkaklvllhcyrsmnyiaryleekfqvpwlefnffgptqifksmrkiaeqfdekikerteylinevygpqlqkitdkyfpkikgrkvvlyvgglrprhiipafqdlgaevimtgyefahnddyqrtleylndttiivddmteyelektikklkpdlfgsgikekyqvqksgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgidgyeifardvdmaingyiwkkitppwekga
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_NF13  coded_by=complement(34738..36159),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri NF13,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacthnkkeksgcakpkpgatdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpqlyrigmttdlseqdvimgraekrlfhairqavesyappavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaasehfatpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriagdamfkhvigtrepdplpagsaragirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelgirvlctlsgdarfrevqsmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqerfgtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarligdadlaartealiareeakiraalepwrerlagkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgdevkmleegnprtllrtveeyradiliaggrnmytalkgripfldinqerefgyagydgmlelvrqlcltlespvwpavrqpapwercavpttvparalana
>Dethiobacter_alkaliphilus_AHT_1  coded_by=complement(3994..5367),organism=Dethiobacter alkaliphilus AHT 1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkedfrpqqdeikerrdsisvkggqkkqlkcdthsvsgcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgsslyrnsfstdlqeediifggekklasaidelvakhnpklvlvystcivgvigddldavckaaaarhgievipvqssgfignkaagyraacdvllrlslpqtanplpkqqytinylgdfnlageawmiknylaeigikinvvftgdssyetlqkasatslniiqcagsmtilaeqmekrfqipymnvsflgmedtaeslrkiaaffenkefnknterliareeakvghviesakqlfagkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmvgtqtgrkdeydtigelvnegtvvlddanpselekfmtekgahllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgytgavnfarevestlcspvwkyakegphhg
>Dickeya_dadantii_3937  coded_by=complement(4320362..4321810),organism=Dickeya dadantii 3937,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mtnatsernqaiiqevleifpekarkerkkhmmvtdpamdgvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvnsfstlnftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklieeleqlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanasrkaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementphvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaqfddsiqqnaeaviaryqaqteaviakyrprlegrkvmlylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtlmfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswseltapwlksa
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrivorans  coded_by=complement(51739..53214),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msitaeetreqmvaetktrnralidevlkvypektakrrakhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiedlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdyvfekqgaepkafektpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelentpmaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrymeekhgvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiagyfddhikegaerviekynrlteeviakyrprldgrtvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekmvesiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwsltktpwe
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrivorans  coded_by=complement(51739..53214),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msitaeetreqmvaetktrnralidevlkvypektakrrakhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiedlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdyvfekqgaepkafektpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelentpmaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrymeekhgvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiagyfddhikegaerviekynrlteeviakyrprldgrtvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekmvesiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwsltktpwe
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=42586..44199,organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
memneaklqeildqypakvqknrkkhifikrselesqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyyawntrrnkaksddpkqnfinycistdmqesdivfggekkltkvidevmeifkpkaitlsatcpvgligddmgavakaaeakhgvqvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmekvigtgeqeeapakfpinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigyhvvsvmtgdgsyeaiknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtieslrnmalyfddkeltlkteaviaselariepvfeqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhfqnlfselgietllagyefahrddyegrdviptiktdadskniphytaevdekrfrlkvtpekleelkakiplgqyngmrfdmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikllkpdiftsgikdkyviqkmginskqlhsydysgpyagfngavkfaedismgfasptwnfitppwknqpllegsvteegva
>Desulfosporosinus_sp._OT  coded_by=complement(7404..8840),organism=Desulfosporosinus sp. OT,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstkeiidfrkqvveevlelypekakknrrqhitikennecascavksnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvwgpvrdcthishgpvgcgyyswanrrnlaegeigvdnfvpflftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiiheivglfpntkgvsilsecpvgligddiesvsrrmaeeiklpvipvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhligkgpgrevgpydvgiigdyniggdawaskkileeiglnvvniwtgdstiemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnymarhmeetygtpwlefnffgptkiresilkiaamfddsimekaktviekydaemqkvidiyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevigtgyefahgedydksmanlkdgtliyddvtaieieefvsklkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyqgfpifardmdmavnsptwkavkapwtk
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=2080019..2081365,organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=Nitrogenase
mteaetvpqdidtrypevveaprwtcslggayitstgvygvvpilhagagcgiaqllgvyyaagenaaggqggtstpcscliekhvifggedklrklidstiqlmegdlyvvisgcvpaligddvdsvvrefkgkadvifvntagfkgntfdgyeeflgavidqfleprkkkkkvvnilgvvpfqhvfwkgdlnvvknllakigveanilftqfdgvkklkeipeaelnivlstwnghkaagklkerfgqeyltfpsppigpkqtseflrsvakklripkkdverviaeeerhvyrfteyltdaiiiglphpyaafvgdsntvigiakylanevgylpevvqitdeppeearewirrelteniestikpdilfekdtfrirenlrdrsfqvmlatslekwpaakefgvahlsvgfpmydrvivdrnyagyrgglalledliakyvgpl
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=11274..12764,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslnakiqdvfsepaceknrgkeakarkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwctsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireirrayappaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfdlpvvpinapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtaepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvrasipgdaryfdvasahraratmivcstalinlarkmeqrwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisrllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstiedkerikkilkhenhmfetmaprdlyamlsrdeadimlsggrtqfialkakvpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlavhnpiwrqvrepppwecqpalgdappsaknetatvqafkkfagttaddfgec
>Bradyrhizobium_lablabi  coded_by=61008..62672,organism=Bradyrhizobium lablabi,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
msslsatiqkifnepgcaknanksdaernkgcakqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgasiwrtgfttdmnetdivfggekrlykaikeiikkynppaifvyqtcvpamigddinavckaasqklgkpvipinspgfvgpknlgnklageallehvigteepdyttpydinligeynlcgelwqvkplldelgirilscisgdgkyrevasshraraamivcskaminvarkmegrygipffegsfygiqdssdslrqiarllvergapceliertesviareearawatielykprfagkrallitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstkqdkerikelmgqdalmigdmtpreiyemlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqerchaymgyigmvklveeidkalfnpmweqlrrpapweevaknrqtngmaqidvqavdvaadpettrrakkvcfckevdlgtledairshgltsveavrqhtsafggcckrriediltkmpvssppamlqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lov13  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lov13,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._wall56  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. wall56,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Vp13.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Vp13.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanobacterium_lacus  coded_by=complement(1860906..1862435),organism=Methanobacterium lacus,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhtfkcskcipertkhavikghdedltsclplgylntipgsisergcafcgakhvigtpmkdvihlchgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqfkytfatdmkekhivfgsekllkesiteafkafpeinrmaiyqtcasaligddmdavaqevmnempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawvnqkvgtvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmtdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhkadlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygtprmdidgfgfkplsesllkvglffgleeeaqkiieeetarwkpeldwyarrlkgvkvclwpggsklwhwanviheemgvevvslytkfghqgdmekgiarcgegalaiddpnelegieammelqpdviftgvrpgevakklrvqylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynavyspihqlsgldiskdeidmnngfvtkniisdakidkeasiannereytgkydcvthlrdkty
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._piim2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. piim2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cbr5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cbr5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pibl5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pibl5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhizobium_mesoamericanum_STM3625  coded_by=complement(20605..22107),organism=Rhizobium mesoamericanum STM3625,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, NifD
msldyendsalhekligevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvatsgdqpgqegkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdktevefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslreiakhfgpeivdkteaviakyrplvdaviakyqprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkkvappmavaae
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(942..2360),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacthnkkeksgcakpapgatdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpqlyrigmttdlseqdvimgraekrlfhairqavesyappavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaasehfatpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriagdamvkhvigtrepdplpagseragirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqerfgtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarligdddlaartealiareeariraalepwrerlagkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnprallrtveeyradiliaggrnmytalkgripfldinqerefgyagydgmrelvrqlcltlespvwpavrqpapwerpasaeaqprtlana
>Anabaena_sp._wa102  coded_by=complement(4229348..4230742),organism=Anabaena sp. wa102,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtstddkkiveqrkelvkevlkaypekaakkrekhlnvfeegkadcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyylgttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarntsktigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradkakkdgtlkfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaaslreiaskfdakiqanaekviakyqptmdaivsqyrprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahsddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdyselsnvgrkvr
>Burkholderia_sp._KJ006  coded_by=484195..485658,organism=Burkholderia sp. KJ006,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain NifD
mtatveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqqlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkateyaghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdktdpdkrpafestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddtikanaekviakyrplmdaviarykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefeqfveqvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspvwslakapwkkaa
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis_LMG_10929  coded_by=539233..540696,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis LMG 10929,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtatveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqqlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkateyaghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdktdpdkrpafestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddtikanaekviakyrplmdaviarykprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefeqfveqvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspvwslakapwkkaa
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=1953851..1955185,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase associated protein N
magsstssseactdpylrcafngaaltalgishsallahspqgceylvnnafasqecdymetmtlctklcvdeivhggedilartirevkdlpisalfvlsacgpeivgddivgvcealqpevkfrlvpiesagfrgsqydgidiamdtilkklvkddvekipgsvclvaphananptwpadlawvkqvlfrmgikvvatlthrtpiaeieniasaetslllshdagqkaadylsatfgieqvckgiplpigmtntqrwltalgdrfdilktaeeivaegermvmatcrrkwpmarfmyrtpaaivadatvgiplvrfvteememtpelvalytshrsvwellegelkslglnpkvvygtdvyktrkslqevrprvvfgstierhaseglpvayvvevvrmmrqfrminreyfgytgilnllecvqnewvmgwrskerryeakw
>Dechloromonas_aromatica_RCB  coded_by=complement(1543076..1544548),organism=Dechloromonas aromatica RCB,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mttlsreetealiaevlevypekaqkdrakhlavndqsveqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevellfplhkgisvqsecpigligddiesvskkaaavidkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdgaafestpydvaiigdyniggdawatrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaemmntpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipyleynffgptkiieslrkiaaffddsvkekteaviarykpmmdeiiakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddydrtikemgdatllyddvtgfeleefvkrlkpdmvgsgikekyifqkmgiplrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdialsnptfknlvppwkkvaaeevkkaa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(3457406..3458746),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mydelsfeqcnhskdpvvscalegvasiiagienasivihspqgcaatvgaaydaheidftkrkigctrlfesdvimgaskklknlikdadntfnskvifvlgtcaadiigedlegicremedevkaklipimaggfrgnsydgmniglnslipfikkadvrneksvniiapqanlnptwwadlkwvtgvlktlgikvqtvlardisideienaglasaniilshdvgyefaqsmekihgvplilddiplpiglkntatwlrrlgeyfnvseevekiinpgeeyvidilrkralmmipryhncrialsadatmgigllrmlfeelemipetiliksdapqirdllskeldslglkskvafavdgyqikeslknidvdavfgsswekymaeevgikiafdvlaptnmdvyldkayfgymgmlnilevvandwekafrskeisrqrdv
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(33428..34801),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlfrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(120355..121872),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mslaflflfnlkmvakgekvmsinlsqpavelresrlktitgyegdaaellsrndipnrersftqcgscsadqvmnlltqiqdaavvehgpagcagdipmrngvfrtgnkrmgynvhnvkylntnldekdtiygggaklekaireakrrfnpkvifvtttcasaiigddvpgicneleeefgipviatlcegfrtniwatgfdsanhsilrkivkparqkqpdlinvisfehkflyesvfrqlglrtnhivplstveeleriseaaatvqycetlgsylaagleehfgvleikapapfgikasdellreigrifhkeeevekviisekekiaedlerlrgrltgktayiaaggplaysiialvkdlgmevvgtsvwhhdqrydndderlnflrfgvetygnfkvgvcnkqafevtnainkykpdiaitrhlatvwaaklgvpsifagneptemlydglirfgqsiddaisnpayiknvakhsklpytdwwlkqgtysflrseqnv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=34287..35804,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mslaflflfnlkmvakgekvmsinlsqpavelresrlktitgyegdaaellsrndipnrersftqcgscsadqvmnlltqiqdaavvehgpagcagdipmrngvfrtgnkrmgynvhnvkylntnldekdtiygggaklekaireakrrfnpkvifvtttcasaiigddvpgicneleeefgipviatlcegfrtniwatgfdsanhsilrkivkparqkqpdlinvisfehkflyesvfrqlglrtnhivplstveeleriseaaatvqycetlgsylaagleehfgvleikapapfgikasdellreigrifhkeeevekviisekekiaedlerlrgrltgktayiaaggplaysiialvkdlgmevvgtsvwhhdqrydndderlnflrfgvetygnfkvgvcnkqafevtnainkykpdiaitrhlatvwaaklgvpsifagneptemlydglirfgqsiddaisnpayiknvakhsklpytdwwlkqgtysflrseqnv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=124985..126502,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mslaflflfnlkmvakgekvmsinlsqpavelresrlktitgyegdaaellsrndipnrersftqcgscsadqvmnlltqiqdaavvehgpagcagdipmrngvfrtgnkrmgynvhnvkylntnldekdtiygggaklekaireakrrfnpkvifvtttcasaiigddvpgicneleeefgipviatlcegfrtniwatgfdsanhsilrkivkparqkqpdlinvisfehkflyesvfrqlglrtnhivplstveeleriseaaatvqycetlgsylaagleehfgvleikapapfgikasdellreigrifhkeeevekviisekekiaedlerlrgrltgktayiaaggplaysiialvkdlgmevvgtsvwhhdqrydndderlnflrfgvetygnfkvgvcnkqafevtnainkykpdiaitrhlatvwaaklgvpsifagneptemlydglirfgqsiddaisnpayiknvakhsklpytdwwlkqgtysflrseqnv
>Thiocapsa_marina_5811  coded_by=complement(410127..411611),organism=Thiocapsa marina 5811,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msaltreetqaliqevlevypekakkdrakhlavndqsveqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvghtgintfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkliseieglfplskgisvqsecpigligddieavskkqskaldkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvignrdgdesfqvgpydvavigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaafdetiqanaekviakytaeyeaiiakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkkvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpcwkklqapwqqpadqeaaplaasa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_29  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_29,definition=NifD
dgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklskiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfekvapeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdtwssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R5-0912  coded_by=complement(6324429..6325793),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R5-0912,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdpvrknefdseacgsiapkakpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpslsqygfatdltdsdiifggekklkdsidyiaerfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavcraaaerigipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepepmsplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnsagitvtsritgdarykeityahrakvnmvvcsrallglakemesrysipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaflmndremerrvdrltereearlsqdlrpyrkllkgkravlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaaspapwdkeappydr
>Methanosarcina_sp._Kolksee  coded_by=complement(1155872..1157470),organism=Methanosarcina sp. Kolksee,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeiesrieeeqklvdemlkvlpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsseqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagskgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcayftwgtrrnlakaeegednflnysfctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpkaisisatcpvgligddiesvakqaeiehgikvipsrcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligteelenptpfdinvfgeyniggdfweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhkiaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekyglpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpdltrkteetiaeekakykdeieryrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkivvagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikekalgsiledvhyerdenikpavsperieelkkkiglmeyeglfpeardgtividdlnhhetevlvktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmalhsptwrfirppwkaaevd
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(3446989..3448449),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
menkkkdfcyddstideclelvdkneeivdgieykpvvqkkklevieqreesvyynkkseggcgegefkcdsasvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeevyrnsfstdlrekdvifggekkltaaideiveahhpkvifvystcivgvigddtdavckaaeikygirvipvkspgfagskstgykaacdalmklmgdkttdekidginflgdfnlageiwivtnylkkfgidvvakltgdssydeimnapkaklnivqcagsmmylakmmeekfgipyikvsfygvedtknsllkiadilgtedkikkakqfvleeeskiekeldyyrdrlkgkraaifvggafkaislikqfrnlgmetvmvgtqtgkkddyeiiksitnegtvilddanpyelekfileqgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalsgyvgslnfakeidstinspvwnyv
>Anabaena_cylindrica_PCC_7122  coded_by=2508156..2509544,organism=Anabaena cylindrica PCC 7122,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkitqgkinellsesgcehnqkkqgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpmlyktgfttdigendvifggekklykailelkerytpaaifvyatcvtaligddvdavckvaaekigipvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggealleyvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlskitgdaryeeiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerynipfieesfygiddinrclrtvakklgdadlmartekliadetaaldialapyrerlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaandlgievvatstrksteedkakikkllgndgimlekgnaqellklvrdtnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmvemarelyealyspvweqirkpapwdeeevlsk
>Methanothermococcus_okinawensis_IH1  coded_by=complement(1134676..1136106),organism=Methanothermococcus okinawensis IH1,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpyilldcdkpipermkhtyvydpeekiipacnintvpgdmtergcayagargvvggpikdvihmihgpvgcafyawgtrrnlsdnelhrrycwttdmqesdivyggektlektcieafdefpqangmivytncptaligdnidavadkveeyvkkpifpmncpgfagvsqskghhvfntmfyrwlkkkreeypekclkeeektpydvaligdynmdwdvavindlfkrigvnnvvtftgnasindlfklpdvklnvvhcqrsaeyiahmikdgfeipfvrvsffgikqttealyniaeklgipkervdkviekelsaikeeldfyksklegkkcmvyvggprtwhwvramkelgidyvvgcctfshdddyeklnsnlkkagikdaliidapnepeleeaakmykpdfmlvglkerylfrkfgiptinshsyeegpyagfrgfvnfardiykavchpvwnviqekedkfeeykvkq
>Sedimenticola_sp._SIP-G1  coded_by=3609954..3611435,organism=Sedimenticola sp. SIP-G1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mstmtreetaaliqevlevypesareerakhltvndqsveqskkcitsnrksqpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgttgintfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklskimteieqlfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavakkatteiskpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlgnrdddtsfestpydvtilgdyniggdawasrtlleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaementpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptkiaeslrqiasffdetiqanaekviekykaeyeaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhiigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtikemgnatliyddvtgyefeefvkrvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwskikapwethgetaeaavaga
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=complement(6136309..6137982),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
msslsatiqnvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakvalqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsqiwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlykaikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddinavckaasakfgkpcipvnspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigtvepevttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirisacisgdgrykdvasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapadllerteaviareeakawaaiepfkkrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagmelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiddmapremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqershaymgyigmvklvaeidkaiynpmweqlrkrapwesasttwqakaiaqanaeaaalaadpvaaeavrrakkichcksvglgtiedaikahaltdvagvrthtnasggcgacagrvedilarvsapaellqaae
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=complement(1735753..1737321),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpyhefdcskclperqkhavtkgagdnlatalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvrekhivfgaegllkqniieafkacpdikrmtiyqtcataligddinavaaevmeempdvdiftcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawindkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyftrmgiqvlstftgngtydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsqslrkigmffgiedraeaiiaeetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemgvkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgedalaiddpneleglealeklqpdiiftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiyngiyspmhqlsgldiskdeipadrgfvtqrmlsdaklpeeiaksetlrrytgkddiisdlrkknapyftpivkaeaae
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(195969..197537),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=putative nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain (nitrogenase component I) (dinitrogenase)
mpyhefdcskclperqkhavtkgagdnlatalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvrekhivfgaegllkqniieafkacpdikrmtiyqtcataligddinavaaevmeempdvdiftcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawindkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyftrmgiqvlstftgngtydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsqslrkigmffgiedraeaiiaeetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemgvkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgedalaiddpneleglealeklqpdiiftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiyngiyspmhqlsgldiskdeipadrgfvtqrmlsdaklpeeiaksetlrrytgkddiisdlrkknapyftpivkaeaae
>Caldicellulosiruptor_kronotskyensis_2002  coded_by=complement(2313612..2314901),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor kronotskyensis 2002,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maikafleqrqghivqsgipqcsrptipgvmsqractyygarwvlapvrnsthivhapadcayygqnvrkknylilstdmnekdvifgaheklercieeaakifpehsmifvystctssqigeeikwvvekvkekvqkpiipvevpgfggfsqsdghhiaqkaiisylseyckkestqpfsvniigeynvagetrvikkllekigievicsytgdcdadlmqkstsaalnllvckssglllaqfmrerysipfvdvsfyglsntvnslkkiskffgiehkvemviseeyekirdklekykkkifgkkaiillggsrigfmagafkeagleicvcgsqfgcnidyetarfelpsalfiddfncaeieeillriepdvfiggtrewylahkfgvpflvfpqetkpyacfegflnmcedlfkeihapvwrli
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dswb6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dswb6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkarlnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Sinorhizobium_sp._KS11W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. KS11W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkadgktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraeriiakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmripfrqmhsw
>Gynuella_sunshinyii_YC6258  coded_by=1876356..1877837,organism=Gynuella sunshinyii YC6258,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
magmtreetealiqevlevypekaqkdrakhlspndpeleqskkcitsnkkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvntfvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkldklideiemlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavakkknaetgktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwalskrdddnsfattpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtisemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptktieslrkiaaqfdesiqqkceeviekykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgsatllyddvtgyefeefvkkvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifakdmdmtlnnpcwkkleapwkktevedtleaata
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghldddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A12  coded_by=<1..>768,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A12,definition=NifD
hlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=924..2426,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageegevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgktgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehaktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkespsrersmaae
>Syntrophomonas_zehnderi_OL-4  coded_by=complement(181884..183485),organism=Syntrophomonas zehnderi OL-4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mkdhlsrivdkypanifknrkehivlvdhdsenpqtitantrtipgiitsrgccyagckgvvigpikdaitithgpigcgyyswatrrnkarleegetdnylnycfstdlqegdivfggekklkraikevveifhpqnimicstcpvgligddinavaawaeqefhikvlafscegykgvtqsaghhianngliknvvgtgntvtgkysvnllgeyniggdsweiervltrigyevvsvmtgngsiakiknahlanlnlvqcyrsinyiaemiqtkygtdwlkvnfigvqscieslrdmaryfddpvliarteeviaeeldeimpvinhyqplcvgktaalfvggsralhyqylfqdlgmetvlagfefahrddyegsevipfikedadsknietlhlepdekhyrlvlsrekyetlkkqiplnyfggmikvmknnsvviddinhyeideflkllkpdifcagikekyqihksgvfskqlhsydytgpyagfkgaaafardialgltapvwnmirppwktepmlegslikevi
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(131974..133473),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mkkinldnslvqtreerlgtiiswktgkaseilrdseytcggckdnggkrlceprgpftqgskcseemvscqhsnvrdavfiqhspvgcgagqvlsnslyrnglairglpvenvriintnmdesdvvfgglkkleqsirdafnrhnpkvifvgtscaagvigediesvtnklqqefkipviptycegfrskhwttgfdaayhgiirqvarknpkrqedlvnvidlwgediftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlasvedleqmseaaasvsfcytlssylsaalekqfgvvdvkapqpygilatdawirelgkvthreekaeayiekehkriekrlqelrkllkgkvgyvatgssyahgiiavlrdlgvdidgsltfhhepifdgedadkkdslkflvenygdvsqfsvsngqqyqfygllkninpdfiiirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdghhavgyqgiinlgetileilarkkfhqdlsenvelpytdwwlsqkdpyvlak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2310767..2312266),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mkkinldnslvqtreerlgtiiswktgkaseilrdseytcggckdnggkrlceprgpftqgskcseemvscqhsnvrdavfiqhspvgcgagqvlsnslyrnglairglpvenvriintnmdesdvvfgglkkleqsirdafnrhnpkvifvgtscaagvigediesvtnklqqefkipviptycegfrskhwttgfdaayhgiirqvarknpkrqedlvnvidlwgediftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlasvedleqmseaaasvsfcytlssylsaalekqfgvvdvkapqpygilatdawirelgkvthreekaeayiekehkriekrlqelrkllkgkvgyvatgssyahgiiavlrdlgvdidgsltfhhepifdgedadkkdslkflvenygdvsqfsvsngqqyqfygllkninpdfiiirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdghhavgyqgiinlgetileilarkkfhqdlsenvelpytdwwlsqkdpyvlak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1113024..1114523,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkkinldnslvqtreerlgtiiswktgkaseilrdseytcggckdnggkrlceprgpftqgskcseemvscqhsnvrdavfiqhspvgcgagqvlsnslyrnglairglpvenvriintnmdesdvvfgglkkleqsirdafnrhnpkvifvgtscaagvigediesvtnklqqefkipviptycegfrskhwttgfdaayhgiirqvarknpkrqedlvnvidlwgediftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlasvedleqmseaaasvsfcytlssylsaalekqfgvvdvkapqpygilatdawirelgkvthreekaeayiekehkriekrlqelrkllkgkvgyvatgssyahgiiavlrdlgvdidgsltfhhepifdgedadkkdslkflvenygdvsqfsvsngqqyqfygllkninpdfiiirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdghhavgyqgiinlgetileilarkkfhqdlsenvelpytdwwlsqkdpyvlak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1113024..1114523,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkkinldnslvqtreerlgtiiswktgkaseilrdseytcggckdnggkrlceprgpftqgskcseemvscqhsnvrdavfiqhspvgcgagqvlsnslyrnglairglpvenvriintnmdesdvvfgglkkleqsirdafnrhnpkvifvgtscaagvigediesvtnklqqefkipviptycegfrskhwttgfdaayhgiirqvarknpkrqedlvnvidlwgediftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlasvedleqmseaaasvsfcytlssylsaalekqfgvvdvkapqpygilatdawirelgkvthreekaeayiekehkriekrlqelrkllkgkvgyvatgssyahgiiavlrdlgvdidgsltfhhepifdgedadkkdslkflvenygdvsqfsvsngqqyqfygllkninpdfiiirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdghhavgyqgiinlgetileilarkkfhqdlsenvelpytdwwlsqkdpyvlak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(445595..447094),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mkkinldnslvqtreerlgtiiswktgkaseilrdseytcggckdnggkrlceprgpftqgskcseemvscqhsnvrdavfiqhspvgcgagqvlsnslyrnglairglpvenvriintnmdesdvvfgglkkleqsirdafnrhnpkvifvgtscaagvigediesvtnklqqefkipviptycegfrskhwttgfdaayhgiirqvarknpkrqedlvnvidlwgediftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlasvedleqmseaaasvsfcytlssylsaalekqfgvvdvkapqpygilatdawirelgkvthreekaeayiekehkriekrlqelrkllkgkvgyvatgssyahgiiavlrdlgvdidgsltfhhepifdgedadkkdslkflvenygdvsqfsvsngqqyqfygllkninpdfiiirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdghhavgyqgiinlgetileilarkkfhqdlsenvelpytdwwlsqkdpyvlak
>Agarivorans_albus_MKT_106  coded_by=complement(133402..134799),organism=Agarivorans albus MKT 106,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkrsdiaelldepacehntgeksgcarpvpgataggcsfdgaqitllpiadvahivhgpiacagnswnnrgtrasgrnlfrlgfttdlneqdvimgraekrllhaiktviekhsppavfvyvtcvpalegndveaicklaqsrwnipvvavdaagfygsknlgnriagevmvkqvvgtidppekpfmrhdptrrvndivligeyniagefwhvspllerlgyrvlscmsgdtrfheiqtmhqadvamvvcsraqinvarmlkerwnipwfegsfygiedtsaslrsfakllddpqvsretevliaqqealirlqlqpyierlkgkkallytggvkswsivsalqelgisvvatgtkkstaedkarikqimgedalmldeggarnllnvaqqhkadlmiaggrnmytalkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgmltfakelcrtldsaiwplvtsnppwtssapvgek
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=complement(1698901..1700256),organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkkmmmsdvlderkdfvcvsgeskkgfkcesnsvagavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhiihgpigcasytwdlrgslssdkeyyrnafstdlseqdvifgggkklagaideivatyhakfifvyatcivgvigddvqaickaaeqkhgivcipvqspgfsgskstgyklacnailnlmsraeegpklkginvlgdfnlsgemwiinsylkeigvkvvakitgdatceelmqapraslnivqcagsmmylarqmeekygipnlkvsffgiedttnslmriayalkdpeiiarakaftarkseetakkiapyrallegrkaaiyvgggykaisllkqfkelgidtvvvgtqtgkkdeydvirsladegtvilddanpaelekfmrekhadvlvggvkerplgyklavafldhnherkhalagydgavnfvqelnlsmnspvwsylkgdaav
>Selenomonas_infelix_ATCC_43532  coded_by=134015..135286,organism=Selenomonas infelix ATCC 43532,definition=hypothetical protein
mgereasfddvcmctdtcalagasaffagikdavivvngplwcyffamrqiehsqptishrmictqldndaivfgaeeylcevlapyveqppallaivsscaagligddveaiargvglscpivaldtsgltgsfadgwdkaarcmlstalserraaqenavnligmtsaycsggndanelvrlletagyavnavfgsnmsaaelggltraslnivvhdelglasahmieevcgtpyiaplppygragtrkwlaeiehvlsaprreaaeeeiahvtrtdflrineckslwgdlcydtaiiraprsvawglaqalrtewadichlvvaaegareaaaiadeivgetdtmrmqelltgltgglllgssnesahirpqsaqylavaypvqdalhlteapfmglrgarhieeqlwngsilrkklfls
>Pelobacter_propionicus_DSM_2379  coded_by=3830879..3832324,organism=Pelobacter propionicus DSM 2379,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msstarkiegitkestqemidkaleaypekgrkkraphlapndpgassacvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnmmtgitgvsnfamqftsdfqekdivyggdkklmqllsetkelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinnvarqavkeldlpvipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdhiigtrefaepetpydialigeyniggdawsvkpmleeiglnvkavwtgdgqlehiaathkvklnlihcyrsmnymckvmeekygipwleinffgpskireslrkiaalfddtikenvekviakydpmmqavideyrprldgkkvmlyvgglrprhtvsayeelgmdvvgsgyefahgddyertsaempeatviyddvseyeleefvhklrpdlvgsgikekyllqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyegykgfevfardidmavnsptwkfvkspf
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._mimosae_str._IE4771  coded_by=198574..200076,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. mimosae str. IE4771,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein alpha chain NifD
msldyendsvlhekliaevlaqypdktakrrkkhlsvatsgddprdeskalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvmdeieelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkneiefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleeaglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslrniakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavidkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkrkaaspeavaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L103C119B0  coded_by=complement(18701..20203),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L103C119B0,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkevefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaiiakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=3487..5091,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha-subunit
msenlkdeilekyipktkktrsghivikteetpnpeivantrtvpgiitargcayagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcsfytwggrrfkskpengtglnfneyvfstdmqesdivfggvnklkdaiheayemfhpaaigvyatcpvgligddilavaataskeigipvhafscegykgvsqsaghhianntvmtdiigkgnkeqkkysinvlgeyniggdawemdrvlekigyhvnatltgdatyekvqnadkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigvdgivetlrdmakcfddpeltkrteeviaeeiaaiqddldyfkeklqgktaclyvggsrshtymnmlksfgvdslvagfefahrddyegreviptikidadsknipeitvtpdeqkyrvvipedkveelkkagvplssyggmmkemhdgtiliddmnhhdmevvleklkpdmffagikekfviqkggvlskqlhsydyngpyagfrgvvnfghelvngiytpawkmitppwkkasseskvvvggea
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(27490..29094),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msenlkdeilekyipktkktrsghivikteetpnpeivantrtvpgiitargcayagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcsfytwggrrfkskpengtglnfneyvfstdmqesdivfggvnklkdaiheayemfhpaaigvyatcpvgligddilavaataskeigipvhafscegykgvsqsaghhianntvmtdiigkgnkeqkkysinvlgeyniggdawemdrvlekigyhvnatltgdatyekvqnadkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigvdgivetlrdmakcfddpeltkrteeviaeeiaaiqddldyfkeklqgktaclyvggsrshtymnmlksfgvdslvagfefahrddyegreviptikidadsknipeitvtpdeqkyrvvipedkveelkkagvplssyggmmkemhdgtiliddmnhhdmevvleklkpdmffagikekfviqkggvlskqlhsydyngpyagfrgvvnfghelvngiytpawkmitppwkkasseskvvvggea
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1527082..1528686,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msenlkdeilekyipktkktrsghivikteetpnpeivantrtvpgiitargcayagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcsfytwggrrfkskpengtglnfneyvfstdmqesdivfggvnklkdaiheayemfhpaaigvyatcpvgligddilavaataskeigipvhafscegykgvsqsaghhianntvmtdiigkgnkeqkkysinvlgeyniggdawemdrvlekigyhvnatltgdatyekvqnadkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigvdgivetlrdmakcfddpeltkrteeviaeeiaaiqddldyfkeklqgktaclyvggsrshtymnmlksfgvdslvagfefahrddyegreviptikidadsknipeitvtpdeqkyrvvipedkveelkkagvplssyggmmkemhdgtiliddmnhhdmevvleklkpdmffagikekfviqkggvlskqlhsydyngpyagfrgvvnfghelvngiytpawkmitppwkkasseskvvvggea
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(1896604..1898208),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
msenlkdeilekyipktkktrsghivikteetpnpeivantrtvpgiitargcayagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcsfytwggrrfkskpengtglnfneyvfstdmqesdivfggvnklkdaiheayemfhpaaigvyatcpvgligddilavaataskeigipvhafscegykgvsqsaghhianntvmtdiigkgnkeqkkysinvlgeyniggdawemdrvlekigyhvnatltgdatyekvqnadkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigvdgivetlrdmakcfddpeltkrteeviaeeiaaiqddldyfkeklqgktaclyvggsrshtymnmlksfgvdslvagfefahrddyegreviptikidadsknipeitvtpdeqkyrvvipedkveelkkagvplssyggmmkemhdgtiliddmnhhdmevvleklkpdmffagikekfviqkggvlskqlhsydyngpyagfrgvvnfghelvngiytpawkmitppwkkasseskvvvggea
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1527082..1528686,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msenlkdeilekyipktkktrsghivikteetpnpeivantrtvpgiitargcayagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcsfytwggrrfkskpengtglnfneyvfstdmqesdivfggvnklkdaiheayemfhpaaigvyatcpvgligddilavaataskeigipvhafscegykgvsqsaghhianntvmtdiigkgnkeqkkysinvlgeyniggdawemdrvlekigyhvnatltgdatyekvqnadkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigvdgivetlrdmakcfddpeltkrteeviaeeiaaiqddldyfkeklqgktaclyvggsrshtymnmlksfgvdslvagfefahrddyegreviptikidadsknipeitvtpdeqkyrvvipedkveelkkagvplssyggmmkemhdgtiliddmnhhdmevvleklkpdmffagikekfviqkggvlskqlhsydyngpyagfrgvvnfghelvngiytpawkmitppwkkasseskvvvggea
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(31432..33036),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
msenlkdeilekyipktkktrsghivikteetpnpeivantrtvpgiitargcayagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcsfytwggrrfkskpengtglnfneyvfstdmqesdivfggvnklkdaiheayemfhpaaigvyatcpvgligddilavaataskeigipvhafscegykgvsqsaghhianntvmtdiigkgnkeqkkysinvlgeyniggdawemdrvlekigyhvnatltgdatyekvqnadkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigvdgivetlrdmakcfddpeltkrteeviaeeiaaiqddldyfkeklqgktaclyvggsrshtymnmlksfgvdslvagfefahrddyegreviptikidadsknipeitvtpdeqkyrvvipedkveelkkagvplssyggmmkemhdgtiliddmnhhdmevvleklkpdmffagikekfviqkggvlskqlhsydyngpyagfrgvvnfghelvngiytpawkmitppwkkasseskvvvggea
>Fischerella_ambigua_UTEX_1903  coded_by=1..1491,organism=Fischerella ambigua UTEX 1903,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenknlieehkelikdvlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgktgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkmiqeieelfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavakkaakeinkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdhmfprfdkakkentltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtvnelvnglaaklvlihcyrsmnyicraleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpimnavvekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedvgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdialnsptwglvntpwnkkeakakva
>Coraliomargarita_akajimensis_DSM_45221  coded_by=complement(3444261..3445631),organism=Coraliomargarita akajimensis DSM 45221,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
madtidildgrkdqiftkgssakfvcdkksltgsvsqracafcgsrvvlypiadalhivhgpigcavynwdirgaessgpqlhrnsfstdmkemdiiyggekklhhsllelidkyqpkaafiystcivgvigddvnriakqvenakgipiipvssegfrgtkktgyqaaceaaytlvgtgdtsdipkhsinilgdfniagetwmireyferigvhvvatitgdgrvndlrrchgaalnlvqcsgsmthlaklmqqdhsiplkrvsffgiedtaealyetarhfkdpeimrrtqelvsaevarimpeirkikralqgrkaalyvggafkafslvralanlgvktvlagtqtgspedyeqlkeicdpgtiivddsnplelakyvqekdvdifiggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkiplagfegmihfarevyatatspvwqfapykttskktevas
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..1265,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=hypothetical protein
gavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqeldvifggekklekaldelidrhqpkaafvystcivgligddleavcrkvsadkgipvlpvqsegfkgnkragyeaacsamarlvgtgdtagigrhsinilgdfnlageiwlireyfqrigievvanitgdgrvddikrchgaalnvvqcsgatmdlanvmkerfgipavrvsyfgvedmaealytvarhfgepemmdkarqvvkeelatllpeltkykqaltgkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrligmdvvmvgsqtgtkqdyqelaeitdegtiivddanplelssflkekevdlfvggvkerpiayklgvafcdhnherkemlagftgmlnfarevygsvmspvwkfvprrikekrs
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=complement(1645052..1646611),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mphhtfkcsecipertkhavikgadedltsclplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigqpmkdvihishgpigctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytyatdvrekhivfgaekllkqnileafkafpdikrmtiyqtcataligddidaiasevmdelpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawvnqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdyfnrmgiqilstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsdslrkiglffgiedraqaiideetakwkpqldwykerlrgkkvclwpggsklwhwahviqeemglnvvslytkfghqgdmekgiarcgegalaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspifqlsaldiskdpiptdqgfltpqmisdpalpaevrsstvltpyrgaydtisalrektyprfdavpvaq
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=complement(1645052..1646611),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mphhtfkcsecipertkhavikgadedltsclplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigqpmkdvihishgpigctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytyatdvrekhivfgaekllkqnileafkafpdikrmtiyqtcataligddidaiasevmdelpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawvnqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdyfnrmgiqilstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsdslrkiglffgiedraqaiideetakwkpqldwykerlrgkkvclwpggsklwhwahviqeemglnvvslytkfghqgdmekgiarcgegalaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspifqlsaldiskdpiptdqgfltpqmisdpalpaevrsstvltpyrgaydtisalrektyprfdavpvaq
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(51326..52807),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase
mgtinlkessvtiretrlgsitgfngsakelvtcahagklkdssrkfsqcmgcnaghafcqlsmirdavvvnhapigcagdffgfnftyrveqmkrelpatigryfstcieekdtvfgaakkledtvreaykrtkpnavfvttscasgiigedvdaitenlskelgipviscscegfrskiwttgfdaayhsilrklvkpprkktnkinvanfwgshifdeflnrlgyeaqyivpfstvaeleyiseavatihicpslstylgaaleqeygvkeiksppaygiegtdiwmreigrvlgkeeeieeiikeehervlskleeyrdklkgktayvtagaahghaiiamlrelglnvqgaaifhhdplydnkdktsdalaqtvniygdikhynvcnkqayelvnilnrvkpdlmiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyasrivetldnrefvsnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflggnssveny
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(5536820..5538301),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase
mgtinlkessvtiretrlgsitgfngsakelvtcahagklkdssrkfsqcmgcnaghafcqlsmirdavvvnhapigcagdffgfnftyrveqmkrelpatigryfstcieekdtvfgaakkledtvreaykrtkpnavfvttscasgiigedvdaitenlskelgipviscscegfrskiwttgfdaayhsilrklvkpprkktnkinvanfwgshifdeflnrlgyeaqyivpfstvaeleyiseavatihicpslstylgaaleqeygvkeiksppaygiegtdiwmreigrvlgkeeeieeiikeehervlskleeyrdklkgktayvtagaahghaiiamlrelglnvqgaaifhhdplydnkdktsdalaqtvniygdikhynvcnkqayelvnilnrvkpdlmiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyasrivetldnrefvsnlakhstmpytkwwldqdpftflggnssveny
>Clostridium_cellulolyticum_H10  coded_by=648..1994,organism=Clostridium cellulolyticum H10,definition=Mo-Fe nitrogenase alpha subunit
msreieskmamlsmlvrevkadnlnirdcidmhqfcafwgafdilnyfndvvilvhgpsgclgnrrflpamghlgecdnkphlstsftnrevvfggekklvdslnevnsrynpkiiavltnccadiigddvegcieglpdeirekviylnsggysgksyrrgtemafkllakhlqtnqhtiditnqeksvnlflrrwiwdqtkqeeineikrmfqmigvrlnkifnqglsfedfyemqnaqlnvalclffgmglfselnnnfgipyskvtapmglfatkkwlheisnileldvnieeldevkeleaqrrllvneigkgrkciiwtqtgermlalvklayelemepivvgvepsiirdklpifekeiledgldvkifvskyiedvnelieylgnpvifcnnnyfpdqtvfkyrfaqnpvygfngtrkiyqemfnalkkksnkyslfveg
>Clostridium_cellulolyticum_H10  coded_by=complement(1951817..1953163),organism=Clostridium cellulolyticum H10,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msreieskmamlsmlvrevkadnlnirdcidmhqfcafwgafdilnyfndvvilvhgpsgclgnrrflpamghlgecdnkphlstsftnrevvfggekklvdslnevnsrynpkiiavltnccadiigddvegcieglpdeirekviylnsggysgksyrrgtemafkllakhlqtnqhtiditnqeksvnlflrrwiwdqtkqeeineikrmfqmigvrlnkifnqglsfedfyemqnaqlnvalclffgmglfselnnnfgipyskvtapmglfatkkwlheisnileldvnieeldevkeleaqrrllvneigkgrkciiwtqtgermlalvklayelemepivvgvepsiirdklpifekeiledgldvkifvskyiedvnelieylgnpvifcnnnyfpdqtvfkyrfaqnpvygfngtrkiyqemfnalkkksnkyslfveg
>Novosphingobium_sp._Rr_2-17  coded_by=complement(51982..53481),organism=Novosphingobium sp. Rr 2-17,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msvsestdiaavkernraliqevlevypektakrrakhlnvheegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeievlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklgdkpvafepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptkideslrkiasffddkikegaerviakykplmqavvdkyrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmainapvwkmtptpwkqepnhyaiaae
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R7-269  coded_by=31468..32925,organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-269,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglsieenqklveeileaypkkarkdrekhfqvadekaidcstcavksniksrpgvmtprgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelampivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslraiaalfdatiqenceqmiarykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmlaegtivmddptayeleeitkkmnidlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkvfakdmdmtvnspvwdlvsrrgtmepkeagv
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C067A000  coded_by=complement(22336..23826),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C067A000,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdanarkegcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaeefglavvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdiagahraraammvcstalinlarkmderwgipfcegsfygitdtsealrqisellvkqganpeilgrtelliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkndnhifeqiaprelyamlserkadillsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavreelprtnsetatlhvvqefagttagnfgec
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=1..>812,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
mkvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_sp._IBUN22A  coded_by=complement(8226..9563),organism=Clostridium sp. IBUN22A,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
meqikeyddllkereefickkgkengnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreiiflfvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeqdfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Thermoanaerobacterium_aotearoense_SCUT27  coded_by=complement(5178..6536),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium aotearoense SCUT27,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
melrldiperekfikmkgkhhkkeficntdsvagsvsqracvysgarvvlnpiedavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselfrnsfssdlkesdvifggeeklskcideiyekykpklifvystciagvigddikavckessnkyniyvvpvessgfignkaagykaacnsllelikefpvlkkeplsinymgdfnlageawiikgylnqmglkvntiftgdsnfeslkkatasslnivqcagsmtylakkfeetfgipymkvsflgiedtsnslrkiaeffndkdvmlkteklieektkmakhiiekyksylkgkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfrelgidvvvigtqngqkdeyekieeiadygtvilddanpselekfmvekgadilaggvkerflsykmgisfidhnhdrkhplsgyegainfaeevyttacspvwkyvkdgvkryv
>Thermoanaerobacterium_saccharolyticum_JW/SL-YS485  coded_by=complement(2278979..2280337),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium saccharolyticum JW/SL-YS485,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
melrldiperekfikmkgkhhkkeficntdsvagsvsqracvysgarvvlnpiedavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselfrnsfssdlkesdvifggeeklskcideiyekykpklifvystciagvigddikavckessnkyniyvvpvessgfignkaagykaacnsllelikefpvlkkeplsinymgdfnlageawiikgylnqmglkvntiftgdsnfeslkkatasslnivqcagsmtylakkfeetfgipymkvsflgiedtsnslrkiaeffndkdvmlkteklieektkmakhiiekyksylkgkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfrelgidvvvigtqngqkdeyekieeiadygtvilddanpselekfmvekgadilaggvkerflsykmgisfidhnhdrkhplsgyegainfaeevyttacspvwkyvkdgvkryv
>Phaeospirillum_fulvum_MGU-K5  coded_by=complement(12258..13778),organism=Phaeospirillum fulvum MGU-K5,definition=nitrogenase
mpinlktpvvesreqrlgtivgwdgtaselarqsayargcgsgegkgcgqkarricelegpftqgsvcsemmvenqaghildavliqhapigcgagqvsynlrfrnglaarhkpvqnihlictnlterdmvfggvskleqsvrdawerhhpkaifigtscatgiigddvdgvasafeaelgipviplhcegfkskhwstgfdaaqhgilrqivrknptrkqddlvnvinlwgsdvfspmlanlglrvnyvvdlasvddlaqmseaaatvgfcytlssylaagleqefgvpeikapmpygiagtdawlreigrvthredkaeafiaaehariaprladlrrrlegrkgyvatgsayshglicvlrelgievngslvfhhdpvydsqdprqdtlthlidtygdvphfsvgnrqqyqfyallqrvnpdfilirhnglaplasrlgipaiplgdehhavgyqgilnigesvlnilahrkfhldlaahtklpykkkwleqkdpfalakrae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR468  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR468,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqpesdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=2134687..2136144,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslglaesedlkaknkalveevlkvypdktakrrakhlgvyqngkpdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfgtmqftsdfqendivfggdkklsklmdevqelfplnkglsvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyggkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkaegkparfeateydiailadyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyvarhmeekygvpwveynffgptkileslrkiaaqfddkikenaekviakyqplmdavvakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtthyikdgtlvyddvtayelekfveaikpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwnltkapf
>Desulfobacca_acetoxidans_DSM_11109  coded_by=430211..431863,organism=Desulfobacca acetoxidans DSM 11109,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msevldtispkpsalqpmavkkelleryptkvarkrarqiiinevgpdcsvpeiqsnvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtkpngptdhnfmtycfstdmqdeqiifggekklrqaiqeaydilkpkaiaifstcpvgligddvhavaremkeklginvfafscegykgvsqsaghhianngifthvvglddtvsegkfkinllgeyniggdafeierlfkdcgltlistfsgnssydyftnshtadlnlimchrsinyvaemmetkfgipwikinfigasatakslrkiaayfedaelaarveeviarempaveevraevktrcagkramlfvggsrahhyqelfreigmeivsagyefahrddyegrrvlpnikvdadsrnieelhvepdpnrykvrispeqidrlektglrlkdydgmmaempngtlviddisqfeteklieifrpdivcagikekyaiqksgtpmkqlhsydtggpyaafkgainfyreidrmvnskvwkylkapwqehpelaatyvwe
>Methanothermococcus_okinawensis_IH1  coded_by=complement(1131367..1132710),organism=Methanothermococcus okinawensis IH1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mdtkvlnqiggrkdrinhcivkcndrtvipaceeptqpgdfsersctfhgsriiinshiknvihiihshvgcayyswdyrpstysycfttdmkeediifggekklydaiiktatefkpdaifvyetclpaligdnvddavkkaneelkklklnipilafecagfkgktqnrghmiankklfelvatkelknpspydvniigdfsvkssnaiedmlskmgirvlcsftgnatidkirvmdnaklnivhcmkssiqfakmmenvyevpyivsnffgvknccneletigkilgideekinetknyylkkneeklkfykkelrgkkvflchgaqrvlnyigpimdelgmevvgvatyfanktnyeeiikklpngaiildnpntyelenalmecrpdvfisdsktkelvhkmgipyingrapstvyvgfdgfvnfaedvygtinskiwklir
>Azospirillum_sp._B510  coded_by=complement(864941..866359),organism=Azospirillum sp. B510,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mlqdkiqdvfnepgcatnqaksakekkkgctkslkpgaaaggcaydgamivlqpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswdnrgakssgsqlyrtgfttdlseldvigggekklyraikeivqqydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddiaavckfasqklgkpvipvdapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepdhttptdvciigeynlagelwlvkplldeigirllscisgdgryqevaqahrarvtmmvcsqalvnvgrkmqerygipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrtmtrmlvergadkslidraegviareesrvwrrlepykprfdgkrvllftggvkswsmvsalegagltilgtstkkstkedkerirkmkgeefhqwddlkprdihkmladnqadimmsggrsqfislkakvpwldinqerhhayagydgivnlceeidktlsnpiwrqvrqpapwesgpsstlltpsmaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR786  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR786,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgatgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpenkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS33_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS33_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS33_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS33_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS33_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS33_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_32  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_32,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_28  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_28,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_27  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_27,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_26  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_26,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_22  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_22,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_14  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_14,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_11  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_11,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS12_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS12_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_27  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_27,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_26  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_26,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_25  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_25,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_24  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_24,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_23  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_23,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_22  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_22,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_21  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_21,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_20  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_20,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_18  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_18,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_17  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_17,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_16  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_16,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_15  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_15,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_14  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_14,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_13  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_13,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_12  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_12,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_11  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_11,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS21_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS21_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS20_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS20_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS20_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS20_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS20_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS20_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS20_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS20_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS20_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS20_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS20_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS20_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS20_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS20_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS7_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS7_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS1_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS1_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS33_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS33_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS33_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS33_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS32_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS32_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS32_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS32_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS32_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS32_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS31_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS31_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS31_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS31_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS31_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS31_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS31_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS31_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS31_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS31_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS22_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS22_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskqyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=9427..10776,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=hypothetical protein
msnqenirtnsiqqiryvcsiaamhsaaaipgvipivhcgpgcadkqfmnvgfyngfqgggygggavvpstnssekdvvfggeerlrqliassltildadlfvvltgciadlvgddvgsvvgefqeqgvpivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtraiidqyvgaydgpkqqglvnvwsllpyhntfwrgdlaevkrilegigftvnilfgtesqgvsewkripqaqfnlvlspwlglqtvrhlaekygqpflhvpvipigaqetsrflrqvaefagldpakteafiqaeekmyyryledfadfyaeywwglpakfavvgdsaynlaitkflvnqlgvipgkqiitenppeeyreairkqyhsiaedvstdvefeedsyhihqilrrtnfghkppiifgttwerdltkemkgsiveigfpasyevvlsrsyigyrgalsliekiytttvsasa
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=1208..2650,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=Anabaena 7120 genes nifH and nifD. nifH is the structural gene for nitrogenase reductase (component II or Fe protein of nitrogenase). nifD is the structural gene for the alpha subunit of the dinitrogenase (component I or MoFe protein)
mtppenknlvdenkeliqevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheenksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigsigddieavakktskqigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpeydklkketrldfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavldkyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdyselgdgvqmsdevrffcegrkkslfla
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_str._CP4_=_NRRL_B-14023  coded_by=complement(1515539..1516993),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis str. CP4 = NRRL B-14023,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdnrlkakvislfnepacaknvakgkkerrkgcgkpltpgataggcafdgskivlqpitdvihivhgplacegngwdnrqsassgstlyrngittdltqmdiimgtgekrlykairnaaerfnppaifvyvtcvpaligddveavckhaaqklnipvipvnspgfigtknlgnklagetlfdhvigtmepeqssdtdiniigeynlsgelwqikplfdqlgirvhscitgdaryrdvasahrsrvnmmvcsaalinlarkmeekwgipffegsfygieetsrslrkiaellvkggaaadlidrtealieaeekrcwerlepyrqrlqgkrvflytggvkswsivsalqqtgieivgtsvrkstetdkekikklmgsdahmiekipprdiynrlkageadimlsggrtqfialkakipwvdinqerhkayagysgilalvqdidcalsnpvwqevrqpapweegweapeiddlfdddhlfneras
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_str._CP4_=_NRRL_B-14023  coded_by=complement(1529150..1530604),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis str. CP4 = NRRL B-14023,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mdnrlkakvislfnepacaknvakgkkerrkgcgkpltpgataggcafdgskivlqpitdvihivhgplacegngwdnrqsassgstlyrngittdltqmdiimgtgekrlykairnaaerfnppaifvyvtcvpaligddveavckhaaqklnipvipvnspgfigtknlgnklagetlfdhvigtmepeqssdtdiniigeynlsgelwqikplfdqlgirvhscitgdaryrdvasahrsrvnmmvcsaalinlarkmeekwgipffegsfygieetsrslrkiaellvkggaaadlidrtealieaeekrcwerlepyrqrlqgkrvflytggvkswsivsalqqtgieivgtsvrkstetdkekikklmgsdahmiekipprdiynrlkageadimlsggrtqfialkakipwvdinqerhkayagysgilalvqdidcalsnpvwqevrqpapweegweapeiddlfdddhlfneras
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_NRRL_B-12526  coded_by=complement(1528452..1529906),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis NRRL B-12526,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mdnrlkakvislfnepacaknvakgkkerrkgcgkpltpgataggcafdgskivlqpitdvihivhgplacegngwdnrqsassgstlyrngittdltqmdiimgtgekrlykairnaaerfnppaifvyvtcvpaligddveavckhaaqklnipvipvnspgfigtknlgnklagetlfdhvigtmepeqssdtdiniigeynlsgelwqikplfdqlgirvhscitgdaryrdvasahrsrvnmmvcsaalinlarkmeekwgipffegsfygieetsrslrkiaellvkggaaadlidrtealieaeekrcwerlepyrqrlqgkrvflytggvkswsivsalqqtgieivgtsvrkstetdkekikklmgsdahmiekipprdiynrlkageadimlsggrtqfialkakipwvdinqerhkayagysgilalvqdidcalsnpvwqevrqpapweegweapeiddlfdddhlfneras
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=1111..2667,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=nitrogenase 3 subunit D
mphhefecskviperkkhavikgkgetladalpqgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdvkekhivfgaekllkqniieafkafpqikrmtiyqtcataligddinaiaeevmeempevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitgdhvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfkpladslrkigmffgiedrakaiideevarwkpeldwykerlmgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemglkvvsvyikfghqgdmekgiarcgegtlaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsgiditkdnapewgngfrtrqmlsdgnlsdavrnsetlrqytggydsvsklrereypaferkvg
>Clostridium_lentocellum_DSM_5427  coded_by=557504..558883,organism=Clostridium lentocellum DSM 5427,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlkmglmekttlekgileerkdsirlmestcsgqgikcdtdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgddlyrnsfstdlretdvifggekkliaaieevalkyhpkvifiyatcivgvigddvdavcrtmsskygipvipvkspgfsgnkstgyrmacnaimevikpykdrekvkginilgdfnlagemwiikdylkqigieviagltgdsdyeslikapgaalnvvqcagsstylakrmeeemgipfikvsffgiedttssliriaealgdmearekaieltkrktaelkafvnkyknnlngkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfetlgiktvvvgtqtgkkedyeiiaslvdsdtvilddanpaeletflkekgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhplagfegvvnftkeinssinhpiwdylkleeg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dbd20  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dbd20,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._wall26  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. wall26,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pter39  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pter39,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._wall51  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. wall51,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=1461..2837,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpltllhsdkaiperekhtyikaasetilplsnvqttpgdftergctyagclgvvcgpikdvihlvhgpigcaywtwgggtrqnlsdnpgfhrkycfstdmqedniifggedklyesileaheefpaakdvfvyatcaigligddlkgvckraedeigirvvpfncegfrgcsqslghhiandtlfervvgtkepeyltdydmsiigdyniqgdlwvimplfermgirilstftgnasvddiaqahraklnlmhcqrstpyickrmeekcgipvlkaslfgveqtskalrdvaaffglddkaeeiieeevskvapkiaayrkksegkrvfiyqsaprawhwvnmfrelgveaiaaattfgheddyakicervndgalvidnpnsleleeiltdwkpdlfisglkekylsyklgvpfingysyekgpyavysgflnfardvdktlfapvwglirrgkda
>Pseudobacteroides_cellulosolvens_ATCC_35603_=_DSM_2933  coded_by=6228188..6229780,organism=Pseudobacteroides cellulosolvens ATCC 35603 = DSM 2933,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mkskidrvieqypasvfknrkehvllrntetpepqtitantrtipgiitnrgccyagckgvvlgplrdaliithgpigcgfytwgtrrnkgrtkgdeqnylnycfstdlqegdivfggekklrkaiteavgifkpqtimicstcpvgligddinavanwatkeygiktiafscegykgvsqsgghhiannglikhiigtgdravgkyainilgeyniggdgweiermlkkigydivapipgdgtveemksahkadlnliqchrsinyigemlrtkygtdwikvnfigvnstikslrdiakyfddpdltarteaviaeelseisemmdqykklcqgktaalfvggsrahhyqyllrdlgietilagyefahrddyegrevipnikedgdskniesievqqdpkyyrvtlsqdryeklkeeislnyyagmmkdmpngtividdlnhyeteellkilkpdifcsgikdkyiahkagifskqlhsydysgpyagfrgavnfarditmglttpswkfvtppwktepmiegsyvgr
>Methanolinea_sp._SDB  coded_by=complement(157..1410),organism=Methanolinea sp. SDB,definition=hypothetical protein
mastapgaggaldfivygnnhypgwimagfavriprttcrlfggikatstlkntailvhgpkgcvyhinyilgmrgdrppeifstcleeddvifgaeerlenaineldaalspdliivfsccassiigedvagavhasnararvigidtggfegdhisgcaetlsrlatelstpgltkkpfavniigmlragpdlqelksilanaqievnavlaadarvadlenlgraalnlvvcevtgknaaealeqrfgtpyivpglpigpgptrefleevtrelgvpwtpdpesssnlpvqhsrsdwkiavvsgptravsmtrflagigiepamvvididsgnvdriralagercrilvspeqneirealadcridiliggmmelplctgtgirhidmmhgsqktlgeagtrnllsilaeerde
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3843  coded_by=complement(8792..10465),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3843,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
msslsatiqdvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgpsiwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlykaikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddinavckaasakfgkpcipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageallehvigtvepefttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirisacisgdgrynevasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergappdllerteaviareeakawaaiepfkkrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagmelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiddmapremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqershaymgyigmvklveeidkaiynpmweqlrkrapwekansnwqakaiaqaeaeaavlaadpvaaeaarrakkicfcksvdlgtiedaikahgltdvagvrqhtnasggcgacavrvedvlaqtnapanllqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR447  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR447,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkvspereakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Magnetospirillum_sp._SO-1  coded_by=7405..8865,organism=Magnetospirillum sp. SO-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msldytndtaaaealikdvldaypekaakrrakhlavakpaeeegatscgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyfngtvgidsfvtmqvtsdfqerdivfggdknldamideldtmfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavakkkhketgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkpnteefvagpydvnliadyniggdawpsrklleemglrvigmwsgdatlsemarapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygikwveynffgpsqiatslrkiaaqfdetiqkkaeeviakyqplvdsvlakykarlegktvmlyvgglrprhvanayedlgmkivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfieqirpdlvgsgikekyatqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwdkfkapwkaa
>Methanolinea_tarda_NOBI-1  coded_by=complement(42977..44152),organism=Methanolinea tarda NOBI-1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mnvlpasleiprvtcalfgaikavaalkrtvvlvhgprgcvyhinyilgmrgdrhnpvfstcmdehdvvfgaedrlrnaieeldrlkrpdmivvlsccasgiigedlesacraartdalvipieaggfsgdfstgyattlralvartakrgvekekgtvnlvgmlrggpdlremkhllsligisvgtvipagatvadlqnagraernivicetsgleaakfleetfgtpwitvpfpvgaelsleflrdvsvslglpvpdsgiiarehfsfsgrkpaialfagptraialarflrshglsprtiildfpspllerireaagpeckilvapgwetieetlvsldinliigglmerslatrlgislidvmhgsqktagagggdnilsligkckk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11185  coded_by=924..2426,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11185,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageegevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkespsrersmaae
>Paenibacillus_polymyxa_CR1  coded_by=1091622..1092983,organism=Paenibacillus polymyxa CR1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepavsngrlevscgnkipkstpcprpvpgeasggcsfdgaqitlipiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswesrgslssgpelsaygfttdlgeqdiifgseqklhesiryivsrfappavfvyttcvtaltgediegvckaeserlgtpiipvnspgfvgsknlgtrlagdvlfqhiigstepeqttshdinligeyniagemwhierlmqqagmsilsritgdgrfrevgwahrakanmvvcsrallglavqmerkygipyfegsfygaketsyslrqmayltgdrdverrvdklaareemrlslelepyrkqlkgkravlytggvkswsvitalqelgikvvgvgtnkstaedvsriadrigddaeyipeggarqilktvrsrkadmviaggrnmymalkeqipfvdinqerhkayagydgllslakqlvhtlqhpvweltaklapweeetefad
>Paenibacillus_polymyxa  coded_by=48969..50330,organism=Paenibacillus polymyxa,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepavsngrlevscgnkipkstpcprpvpgeasggcsfdgaqitlipiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswesrgslssgpelsaygfttdlgeqdiifgseqklhesiryivsrfappavfvyttcvtaltgediegvckaeserlgtpiipvnspgfvgsknlgtrlagdvlfqhiigstepeqttshdinligeyniagemwhierlmqqagmsilsritgdgrfrevgwahrakanmvvcsrallglavqmerkygipyfegsfygaketsyslrqmayltgdrdverrvdklaareemrlslelepyrkqlkgkravlytggvkswsvitalqelgikvvgvgtnkstaedvsriadrigddaeyipeggarqilktvrsrkadmviaggrnmymalkeqipfvdinqerhkayagydgllslakqlvhtlqhpvweltaklapweeetefad
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Ppar1-21  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Ppar1-21,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikvmdeieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpesepkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleattkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=complement(2883819..2885348),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=nitrogenase associated protein E
magvanenvvffghlselyqlakegkietklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgikntvviahgpsgcafgvkqaykltncrnsgspyesiittnidekaivyggekelkgailevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnkikpkinaeivaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesrsrlansvnivggkmgperteietdvkelrrliesmganvnaviagncsleevkqapsvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfntplnstilpygisaterwlreaakhlhleneaeelikreyeaisvefeeakkylagklaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdfdmraviynfhpwstqaretsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamvqtenelmeylgdlnpettvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvtkkmvfpedsglcsaqsltpklaqdlpdctvyagrergkcmms
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Wiesmoor  coded_by=3180389..3181918,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Wiesmoor,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
magvanenvvffghlselyqlakegkietklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgikntvviahgpsgcafgvkqaykltncrnsgspyesiittnidekaivyggekelkgailevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnkikpkinaeivaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesrsrlansvnivggkmgperteietdvkelrrliesmganvnaviagncsleevkqapsvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfntplnstilpygisaterwlreaakhlhleneaeelikreyeaisvefeeakkylagklaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdfdmraviynfhpwstqaretsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamvqtenelmeylgdlnpettvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvtkkmvfpedsglcsaqsltpklaqdlpdctvyagrergkcmms
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._7.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 7.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Burkholderia_xenovorans_LB400  coded_by=complement(1757087..1758568),organism=Burkholderia xenovorans LB400,definition=Nitrogenase, molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein (NifE)
msaslnariaevfdepgcdknqgksekerkkgctkqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpvvdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekrlfrsvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavcqraaekfgkpvipvnspgfagpknlgnklggealldyvigtrepeyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqtkplldalgirilscisgdgryneiasshrarvnmmvcsksminiatkmqqrygipyfegsfygigdmsdtlrqiagllvqqgapddllerterliaaeearawariahykarltgkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsikkstkedkdkireimgddahmiddmtpremyamlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqerhhpyggyegivelvheidraiynpvwqqvripapwgddgetpgavqaqaprplagasawvmglepgvpg
>Burkholderia_xenovorans_LB400  coded_by=2636134..2637615,organism=Burkholderia xenovorans LB400,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslnariaevfdepgcdknqgksekerkkgctkqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpvvdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekrlfrsvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavcqraaekfgkpvipvnspgfagpknlgnklggealldyvigtrepeyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqtkplldalgirilscisgdgryneiasshrarvnmmvcsksminiatkmqqrygipyfegsfygigdmsdtlrqiagllvqqgapddllerterliaaeearawariahykarltgkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsikkstkedkdkireimgddahmiddmtpremyamlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqerhhpyggyegivelvheidraiynpvwqqvripapwgddgetpgavqaqaprplagasawvmglepgvpg
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis_bv._officinalis_str._HAMBI_1141  coded_by=72845..74344,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis bv. officinalis str. HAMBI 1141,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhtkviedvlsgyhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstsrsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgpsqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdkygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpiwglyeapwkkatalaavaae
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis  coded_by=18018..19517,organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhtkviedvlsgyhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstsrsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgpsqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdkygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpiwglyeapwkkatalaavaae
>Candidatus_Azobacteroides_pseudotrichonymphae_genomovar._CFP2  coded_by=784554..786206,organism=Candidatus Azobacteroides pseudotrichonymphae genomovar. CFP2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit
mvdekdkigsmdslvtelqefrkeimtkypkkvgkkraksivvsnpdnppeiqanvrtvpgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgptrdiinithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtlpvdendsnfitycfstdiqdsnivfggeeklkqaireayelfhphtiaifstcpvgligddvhrvarhmmeeiggginifgfscegyrgvsqsaghhiannglfknligrndeirgsleyrvnllgeyniggdafelerifekcginlvatfsgnstiqkfenahtadlnmvmchrsinyvaemmetafgipwikvqpigasstakmlrkiaqyfgekklvdrveeviaeemvevgeackearkhttgklamlfvggsrahhyqdlfeelgmttiaagyefghrddyegrrvipniqidadsrnieeitvtkdatrynprkteeelkeleangmefneyhglmkqmergalviddlshyemdklieryhpdvfcagikekfcvqkmgvplkqlhnydsggpyagfkgainfyrdiemivsasiwkelkapwesevhieatfvy
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=1461278..1462612,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=Nitrogenase
maifierprtscalggalatmsalprvvpiihsalgcggnlsgaaafgagycgssyasgqsaptsavteteivfggsdrlheeiqstldlidadlfvvatgcmtemigddvqgvvsefaggrkpviaistpsfkgdayagysitlegifnkylprsnskkpklvnlfglvpsydpffrgdlseikrlleklgleantfftpdqtfanltsapsatlnilfshvwgvefvknfeqthgtpywitdlpigpeatdhflrevaekleiepqrveeviaqenkeyygyfqravdiftdadykfyaaiitnsnyaipyaeflekelgwvpkdifitdllhdgqkerlreafqaknllgeliferdtsrigvtlrqrhpqdqgqryfdayaplyllgsslekelavgrglhylsvsfpvynriivdrgysgyrgglhlfedlidvlvapk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR611  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR611,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaqlidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR601  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR601,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaqlidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Marinobacter_sp._ES-1  coded_by=complement(11480..12877),organism=Marinobacter sp. ES-1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mqakelavlmdepacshntkaksgcapakpgasdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgsiacagsswdnrgtrssgprlyrtgmttdlneqdvimgrgekrlfhgidqairdhspaavfvyntcvpalvgddfeavcraaekhfglpvvpvdaagfygtknlgnrlageamlryvigtgepdplparaqrpgipvhninligeyniagefwqvlplldelglriicslsgdarfrqvqamhhaevnmvvcakallnvarkmqdqygipwfegsfygvqdtsdalrsfarlladsgliqrtealiareearinqllepwrnrlrgkrvllytggvkswsivsalqdlgmtvvatgtkksteedkarireimgedakmltegspralldtineyradlliaggrnmytalkaripfldinqerefgyagydgmlelarqlcltlespiwsglrepapwhkvdevnhg
>Candidatus_Contendobacter_odensis_Run_B_J11  coded_by=complement(31872..33344),organism=Candidatus Contendobacter odensis Run_B_J11,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msmnrqeteqliqevlqvypeatgkqrakhlmandptleksnkcivankkalpgvmtargcayagakgvvwgpikdvvnishgpvgcgqfsragrrnyvtghsgvnvfadmnftsdfqekdvvfggdkklakmiaeidtlfplakgvtvqsecpigligddieavakksakdigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhvandslrdwvlhnrdddnsfestpydvaitgdyniggdawssrvlleemglrviaqwsgdgsipemqttrhaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhleekygipyleynffgptqiaaslrkiaaffdstiqenaerviarhqpmqdaiiakyrprlegkrvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeiigagyefahnddydrtfkelqdgaliyddatsfelesfverlkpdligsgikekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpcwkklqapwkragaealksaa
>Paenibacillus_massiliensis  coded_by=<1..>1041,organism=Paenibacillus massiliensis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangilginnftamqitsdfqekdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddigavakkmtqelgipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgrmeleecgpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelgiahksklnlihchrsmnymcttmeeeygipwmeynffgptktveslraiaarfdetiqanceeviarymvemeavirkyrprlegkkvmlmigglrarhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyektfpdlkegtilyddptayeleelaqrldidlmgagvk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=2382861..2384321,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msinlkdtaaplrekrlgsvsgysgdaeelykkshdgslkdtdrsfsqctscsanqvknqlvyiqdaavvehgpagcsgdipnrnmvgrsgrkkrklpirnlhyintnltekdtiyggakklelsikeakrrfnpkaifvtttcasgiigddveaicnkmeieigipvitivcegfrskiwalgfdaayhgilrkivkpavkkrndlvniinfqgkdiftglfgrlglkvnylvpyttieqlshiseaaatvqicatlgtyfaagleehfgvpevkspppygiagtdawfrelgkvvhkekevekliaeekekittkleelrkklkgkkvyigagaahghgmmaivnelgmelvggctwhhdakfdngddkadslkhvvenygnfklsicnkqsfelvntlynlkpdlfitrhastiwasklgipslemgdehfaigyqgllnygevildtisnpmfvkkiaehsklpytdwwlkqnafkflggea
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A210  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A210,definition=NifD
alnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnivhcyrpmny
>Chloroherpeton_thalassium_ATCC_35110  coded_by=complement(1217761..1219122),organism=Chloroherpeton thalassium ATCC 35110,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metigilegrrrqiyekksqtesfditcdtkslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfstdlkemdviyggekklykslielidqynpkaafiystciigligddidavckkvsqekgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaaclalmkivgtgstegiskysinilgefnlageawiikdyynqmgievvstmtgdgrvddirrshgaslnvvqcsgsmtklaqmmkerygipfirvsyfgiedmsqalydvakhfndkpeimeaakklvssevmelypklqkfrkalsgrraaiyvggafkafslikalrylemdvvlagsqtgnkddylglkemcdegtvivddsnpvelskfvlekeadliiggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkiplagfigmynfakevyesvtspvwqfmprkgglk
>Nostoc_sp._'Peltigera_dolichorhiza_(MagainSerusiaux1109_DNA2289(LG))_cyanobiont'  coded_by=<1..>1689,organism=Nostoc sp. 'Peltigera dolichorhiza (MagainSerusiaux1109_DNA2289(LG)) cyanobiont',definition=vnfDG
flpsahvetipgslsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdngnfqlkyvwssdmkeqhvvfggekllkkamleafaefpdikrmmvyttcstaligddikpvvkevekelgdvdiftvecpgfagvsqskghhvfnmgwmtdkvgtfepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvmekymekmgiqiiahftgngtydslrgmhraqlnitncarsagyianelkkkygipridvdtwgfdyakeglrkigaffgledraealiaeevakyesklawykkglagkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmhvvamsskfghqedfekviargeegtiyiddgneleffevlemvkpdliltgprvgalvkklhlpyvnghgyhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiysplmklaqidirdeqnpvstngngngkaakgqsedvvsliqqqvkeatsevkqqakettsevkqlvkeaapqvqqpaketapqakqqakettsevkqlvkevtpqvqqqaketapqakqqakettsevkqlvkevtpqvqqqake
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=707172..708500,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta chain
mskiieqprfscalgaqqtviaikrgvpilhsgpgcsnkissligqgegyaggntipctnateadvvfggerklknvidgafqvidadlyvvltgctsdivgddvgsvtskyqegdkpivyvetggfksnnyvshsevvnaiidqyvdkfknsngvkkglvnvfatvpyqdpywsgnleeikrvlegiglevnilfgnesngieewktipnaefnivasswvglniaehlknkyktpyvhfpylpigaiatskflrqvgefadldknkvenfikkeeekfyfhiektadfmlefryglprkfysildssyslgfskfllnelgilpgkqfiiddtpeqykesiikefesiseyrsaevefnvdagavqleiekekekdfqegralilgsgwdrdlaaklnadllitsvpvtyrlvlncgyagyngglraiediydrvlntyr
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=1146426..1148066,organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mdgmdttleelytqypdtvkknrkkhivikseadvacpqieantrtipgiisqrgcayagckgvvvapikdmitithgpvgcgyyswgtrrnkaradsttpkdkiysqlcfttdmqepdivfggdkklarmideivaafhprginicstcpigligddigavakaaterhgiqvlayacegykgvsqsaghhianntimqnvigkgnerkpgkhvinvlgeyniggdgweqerilkdcgytvncvmtgdasyediknlhladlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygtpwlkvnfvgveatneslrqmakcfsdpelekqteeviaretariepaleqfrkicrgkkafafvggsrshhyqhllkdlgmevvvagyefahrddyegrqviptiksdadsknipelhlkadeklyregneylnlskeqfealkkevplnyyegmypdmkngdimiddcnhyeleelikklrpdliftgvrdkyiaekmgipakqmhsydyagpyagyngainfandvahtlttpawkmivppwerieepdtgkqeganda
>Thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum_M0795  coded_by=complement(1819800..1821407),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum M0795,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
miernhtqddmmeslveknkklieditdsypkkvskerkthlvvidpseeqhimadvatipgimtnrgcsyagakgvvfgpvkdilhlthgpigcgyytwntrrnlaepeegynyfikncfstnmqekdvvfggekklygaikeayeifkpkvigiyatcpvgligddikavakraeeelgikvitvscegykgvsqsaghhlasntlimdivgtkelenptpydinifgeyniggdvwlvkdllqkigyrvvsvftgdskyddlakahraklsilmchrsinytnrmmeekfgvpwlkvnyigitstieslremakffddpmiyentekvieeelmkikprldyykerlkgkrailfvggsrahhyqdllkdigmetivagyefahrddyegrkiipeikeaphhkildtyhfervtepaypkekieemkskmpdhfmnyegmmvhmeegsividdfnhheteelikalkpdiflsgikdryvfqkmgvpsrqihsydysgpyssfegavnfardmdmainnpiwkevtppwkk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC280B00  coded_by=24646..26136,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC280B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepaceknrgkdakarkkgcskpptpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallkhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmeqrwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeildrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkervkqmlkddnhmfeqmaprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpamkdevpstksetptvqafkkfagtmtddfsec
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pter12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pter12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ppp3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ppp3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ppp13  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ppp13,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pter11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pter11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Wall40  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Wall40,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Wall9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Wall9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pter7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pter7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Aei-1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Aei-1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Vgn-2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Vgn-2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Vgn-5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Vgn-5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR827  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR827,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavskakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatskaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(2962140..2963480),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskfierprylctlggaiatlkvlprvipiihaaagcggnianalhgasgylgsgycaglalpssniyekdivfggeerlteqiattlevvdgdlyfvvtgcmvdiigddavavanrfhqegkpvlgaetggfkgnsykgydivlsklftdfveknpvkkknvvnlfglvpiqdvfwkgnlnilkallekigyevntffgegetldnlkyagaaslnivvsdvygiepakifeeihgvpyviaplpigaagterflrtvgealgtketiiekviteekaryysyierladvyndldfqrysvvvadvnyapaiarfladdlgwlpelvmitdvltdeekqlvetrfqdftsgirpklvfdtdtsnvskhfnaswqknnndryfdsfspafvlgssldrdfatsigaphlgvsyplsnrvvldrayvgyrgalslvedifgllvgsr
>Anabaena_sp._90  coded_by=4004366..4005733,organism=Anabaena sp. 90,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkvtqskinellsesgcehnqqkqgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpmlyktgfttdvgendvifggekklyqailevnenykpaavfvyatcvtaligddidavckvaaekigtpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggeslleyvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlskitgdaryeevryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmqerygipyieesfygikdinrclrtvaaklgdadlqertekliaeetaaldialapyraklkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakiknllgndgimlekgnasellklieetnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmvemareltealyspvweqirkpapwe
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(39480..40895),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein alpha
mplklfkcdetipererhvyikedgedltqylpasnvttipgtlsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlvhgpigctyntwhtkrypsdnnnfqlkygwstdmkegnvvfggmkklkqaineafdafpevkrmmvyvtcataligddiksvikeveeeredvdlfavqcpgfagvsqsmghhvfnidwmkekvgtyepeikseytvniigdyniqgdtfvmndylermgiqviahftgngtydalrgmhraklnltncarsagyianelkkkygiprldvdtwgydyakeglrklgtyfgiedkaeqviaeedakwgakmkwykerlagkklciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekvisrgrkgtiyiddgneleffevldmvkpdvvltgprvgemvkklhipyinghgyhngpymgfegsvnmardmynainsplwglagkdiresakeaitqgv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(1908594..1910009),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein, alpha chain
mplklfkcdetipererhvyikedgedltqylpasnvttipgtlsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlvhgpigctyntwhtkrypsdnnnfqlkygwstdmkegnvvfggmkklkqaineafdafpevkrmmvyvtcataligddiksvikeveeeredvdlfavqcpgfagvsqsmghhvfnidwmkekvgtyepeikseytvniigdyniqgdtfvmndylermgiqviahftgngtydalrgmhraklnltncarsagyianelkkkygiprldvdtwgydyakeglrklgtyfgiedkaeqviaeedakwgakmkwykerlagkklciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekvisrgrkgtiyiddgneleffevldmvkpdvvltgprvgemvkklhipyinghgyhngpymgfegsvnmardmynainsplwglagkdiresakeaitqgv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1515281..1516696,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein alpha chain
mplklfkcdetipererhvyikedgedltqylpasnvttipgtlsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlvhgpigctyntwhtkrypsdnnnfqlkygwstdmkegnvvfggmkklkqaineafdafpevkrmmvyvtcataligddiksvikeveeeredvdlfavqcpgfagvsqsmghhvfnidwmkekvgtyepeikseytvniigdyniqgdtfvmndylermgiqviahftgngtydalrgmhraklnltncarsagyianelkkkygiprldvdtwgydyakeglrklgtyfgiedkaeqviaeedakwgakmkwykerlagkklciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekvisrgrkgtiyiddgneleffevldmvkpdvvltgprvgemvkklhipyinghgyhngpymgfegsvnmardmynainsplwglagkdiresakeaitqgv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1515281..1516696,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein alpha chain
mplklfkcdetipererhvyikedgedltqylpasnvttipgtlsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlvhgpigctyntwhtkrypsdnnnfqlkygwstdmkegnvvfggmkklkqaineafdafpevkrmmvyvtcataligddiksvikeveeeredvdlfavqcpgfagvsqsmghhvfnidwmkekvgtyepeikseytvniigdyniqgdtfvmndylermgiqviahftgngtydalrgmhraklnltncarsagyianelkkkygiprldvdtwgydyakeglrklgtyfgiedkaeqviaeedakwgakmkwykerlagkklciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekvisrgrkgtiyiddgneleffevldmvkpdvvltgprvgemvkklhipyinghgyhngpymgfegsvnmardmynainsplwglagkdiresakeaitqgv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(43422..44837),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein, alpha chain
mplklfkcdetipererhvyikedgedltqylpasnvttipgtlsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlvhgpigctyntwhtkrypsdnnnfqlkygwstdmkegnvvfggmkklkqaineafdafpevkrmmvyvtcataligddiksvikeveeeredvdlfavqcpgfagvsqsmghhvfnidwmkekvgtyepeikseytvniigdyniqgdtfvmndylermgiqviahftgngtydalrgmhraklnltncarsagyianelkkkygiprldvdtwgydyakeglrklgtyfgiedkaeqviaeedakwgakmkwykerlagkklciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekvisrgrkgtiyiddgneleffevldmvkpdvvltgprvgemvkklhipyinghgyhngpymgfegsvnmardmynainsplwglagkdiresakeaitqgv
>Azospirillum_thiophilum  coded_by=113907..115346,organism=Azospirillum thiophilum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslsenttvdvknlvnevleaypekarkrrakhlnvleaeakdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigdtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavaraksaeigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfektspkpdfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtmaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekynipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddkikenaekviaryqpmvdaviakyrtrlegkkvmiyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeiigtgyefahnddyqrtphyvkegtliyddvtafelekfveairpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgvmkapf
>Azospirillum_thiophilum  coded_by=complement(2635199..2636638),organism=Azospirillum thiophilum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslsenttvdvknlvnevleaypekarkrrakhlnvleaeakdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigdtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavaraksaeigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfektspkpdfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtmaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekynipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddkikenaekviaryqpmvdaviakyrtrlegkkvmiyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeiigtgyefahnddyqrtphyvkegtliyddvtafelekfveairpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgvmkapf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._llw1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. llw1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvledgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvapeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_phosphatis_clade_IIA_str._UW-1  coded_by=complement(4961659..4963083),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis clade IIA str. UW-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mktaeiaqllnepacahnrneksgcartkpgataggcsfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagaswdnrgarssgptlyrigmttdlteqdvimgrgekrlflaikqaiddyapkavflystcvpaligddleavaraasarwgvpvvpvdcagfygtknlgnriageamfkyvigtgepapvaasaqrpgirvhdvnligeyniagefwylaplfdelglrilctlsgdarfhevqtmhraqasmvvcakallnvarklesdfgvpffegsfygitdtsqafrdfarllgdsdlaartelmiareeaairaalepwrarlagkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtnksteedkarireimgeatkmitdgspkallqaykdyqadiliaggrnlytalkaripfldinqerefgyagyggmlelvrqlaltlespvwhkvrapapwhaapaagaalpvageaha
>Beggiatoa_leptomitiformis  coded_by=339847..341244,organism=Beggiatoa leptomitiformis,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
mkakdiaellnepacthnkkeksgcarpkpgstaggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgstlyrlgmttdltendiimgraekrlfhaikqaveehnpsavfvyntcvpaligddieavcksaqerwgtpvvpvdsagfygtknlgnriggeamvkyvvgtrepdplptctenagmkvhsvnlvgeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlsgdaryrevqtmhraevtmmvcskamlnvarkledqykipwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarvindpdlierteklivreetriraalipwrerlkgkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmvvvatgtkksteedkerikeimgkdakmiddgnprallnvfkeykadiliaggrnmytalkakipfldinqerefgyegyegmlelvrqlaltiespiwsavrqpapwktplqpsia
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U214  coded_by=<1..>756,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U214,definition=NifD
vheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Halorhodospira_halophila_SL1  coded_by=301899..303278,organism=Halorhodospira halophila SL1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrnqeiaalldepgcahnqgsksgcarptpgaaaggcafdgaqitllpvadaahivhgpigcagsswdnrgtrstgptlwrigmttdlseqdvimgrgearlfhaikqavddhapaavfvyntcvpaltgddieavcrsaerrwgtpvvpvdcagfygsknlgnriageavvqhivgtrepepvpaerrprdhqvhdvgligefniagefwnvlplldelglrllgslsgdaryrelqtlhraeanmlvcskallnvartleerygipyfegsfygvadtsaalrgfagliddpdlsarteqviareearadaalepyrerlrgrrallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmevvatgtrksteadkarirelmgeqaqmlesgaprtlidtvrahqadvliaggrnmytalkaripfldinqerphayagytgmvelarqlcrsiespiwpqvrepapwerq
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=1054883..1056271,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
msisgtkdtdkdfgeceklkktnsieqvrygcalgaihsafaiprvipithcgpgcaqkqvtsisfnngfqgggygggavipstninekevvfggenrlrelieatfkilkadlfvvmtgcipdtvgddvravvgefqkkglpivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtraiidqyvgdydgpkekgvvnvwsllpyhntfwkgdlteikrilegvglkvnilfgnksdgvsewknikkaqfnlvlspwlglqtaehlkekygqpylhipvipigaketssflrkvvdfagidkeraerfieqerkeyynylegfsdfyaeyfwglpakfavigdsaynlaitkflvnqlgviparqiitdnppekyrkliveeyrniaedvstevefeedsyiihekirktdfgnkppiifgttwerdlakelkghiveigfpasyevvisksyvgyrgaltllekiytttvsasa
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=complement(3991820..3993268),organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtslankiqdvfnepgcdknqgksdkerkkgctkqlqpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgakssgsqlyrtgfttdinetdvifggekrlfkaikeiidkydppavfvyqtcvpamigddigavckaaaakfnkpvipvispgfvgpknlgnklageaildhvigtmepeyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirilscisgdakykevawshrakasmmvcskaminvarkmeerydipffegsfygiedtsdslreiarlliekgapaelmerteaviareealawksiepyrarlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagceivgtsvkkstkedkekikelmgqdahmiddmtpremykmlkdakadimlsggrsqfislkakmpwldinqerhhaymgyvgmaelvkeidkalynpvweqarraapwetkpsemfsepepelaaptalaae
>Methanothermococcus_thermolithotrophicus  coded_by=2407..3843,organism=Methanothermococcus thermolithotrophicus,definition=Methanococcus thermolithotrophicus nifHDK gene for nitrogenase (EC 1.7.99.2)
mpyilldcdkfipermkhtyvydpeenilpacntntvpgdmtergcafagsrgvvggpikdaihmvhgpigcayytwgtrralsdnefhrrycfctdmqesdivyggektlekaslevmeefpeasgtfiyttcptaligdnvdaiarniekatkkpaiainspgfcgvsqskghhvfnmtfykwlklkrkefpekcmpeeektpydvaligdynmdwdvavikpllekigcryvttftgnasldelfqlmdvklnivhcqrsaeyiaqmindgfdipytratffglsdiaeslydvakaldlpkervdqvikeemeaiqpkldyyksklegktcmvyvggprtwhwikamkdlgveyvaacctfshtddyekmnknfkeagikdilvidapnepeleeavktldpdfmlvglkerylfrkygvptinshsyeegpyagyrgfvnfardvykavchpvwnvlkegedkfknfkgdlne
>Paenibacillus_borealis  coded_by=complement(6657439..6658803),organism=Paenibacillus borealis,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdpvrkdefdseacgsiapkakpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpclsqygfatdltdsdiifggekklkesidyiaerfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavcktaaerigipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepepltplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnsagitvtsritgdarykeitwahrakvnmvvcsrallglakemesrygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaflmndremerrvdrltereearlsqdlrpyrkllkgkravlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaaspapwdkeahpydr
>Clostridium_ljungdahlii_DSM_13528  coded_by=531885..533288,organism=Clostridium ljungdahlii DSM 13528,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekikedfyhdlheknrdrflklearkseiledrkefvcynskdkdtkirceensvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcaaytwdlrgslssgselfrnsfstdlsetdvifggekklraavdeivnkfhpkvifiyatcivgvigddvdavckmaeekykirvipvkspgfsgnkstgyraacnailklignkksekrlnginylgdfnlagevwvvenylkriginivskltgdgkvdeivkapgaklnivqcagsmgylakkmeelydipfiktsfvgledtensllqvahlvgneetvkkaeklikeeeekiqpeleyyrgrlkgkkaaiyvgggykaislikqfrdlgietvmvgtqtgkpedyeiirqitnegtvilddanpyelerfmvekgadvlvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilggfqgainfakeidltvnspvwqyi
>Clostridium_autoethanogenum_DSM_10061  coded_by=2769887..2771290,organism=Clostridium autoethanogenum DSM 10061,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekikedfyhdlheknrdrflklearkseiledrkefvcynskdkdtkirceensvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcaaytwdlrgslssgselfrnsfstdlsetdvifggekklraavdeivnkfhpkvifiyatcivgvigddvdavckmaeekykirvipvkspgfsgnkstgyraacnailklignkksekrlnginylgdfnlagevwvvenylkriginivskltgdgkvdeivkapgaklnivqcagsmgylakkmeelydipfiktsfvgledtensllqvahlvgneetvkkaeklikeeeekiqpeleyyrgrlkgkkaaiyvgggykaislikqfrdlgietvmvgtqtgkpedyeiirqitnegtvilddanpyelerfmvekgadvlvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilggfqgainfakeidltvnspvwqyi
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(2960612..2962126),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mdyikdkappvredrlracnayggscnnlvdqskkgclngikrtfsqtqgcqlnlslailntirdavvivhgplgcgganlsvaginknfqqlrdsnargllwvntnmgesevinggennlrdailyaekefrpsaiiivnscvpaiigddidsvvegvqgeiqakivpvhcegfktkimasaydavyhgilrnlipdldaevkskqdnknqleelqekyrisrtvnvlnvssmsrideyelvrllkalelklnilpcyahpedflkateaslnvsicathddyfvehlktkynipyvlrtipigvkytnrwildiakffgieeaaerfiaqetklleealvpyrelfkgkrvmigggeirvvanaelltylglevvgmrayhydqfademldevregdrvpfnvatgqpfeqanlianlkpdlyvghvggngwagkqgipvlpifhqsniflgytgvfefarrlarvlknpsfnrnlgentklpyfknwyekdafsyidegng
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(44565..46163),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpektarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17707..19305,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpektarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Rhodovulum_sp._PH10  coded_by=1297..2811,organism=Rhodovulum sp. PH10,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
msldyendgalhekliedvlsaypdkfakrrkkhlnvakgaaddatgaegeegkllsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswaqrrnyytgttgidsfvtmqvtsdfqerdivfggdkklakvideleemfplshglsvqsecpigligddieavskkknkeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandcirdwvldkketpfeatpydvsvigdyniggdawasrrlleelglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkgklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekhgvpwmeynffgpsqiaaslrkiakhfgpeieanaekviekykplvdaivgkyrprlegksvmlyvgglrprhivtayedlgmklvgtgyefahnddyqrtghyarkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglfqppwkktgepvleaae
>Magnetospirillum_sp._SO-1  coded_by=10809..12191,organism=Magnetospirillum sp. SO-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlkakiaelmhepgcatnqaksegerkkgcgkslvpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdgrnswssggdlyrkgfttdltnldiiaggekklykaikqaiarhnppavfvyqtcvgsligddvdavcraaterlgipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlggealfehvigtvepddagpcdinilgeynvageldqfrpllarlgirlrasitgdaryrevaachtaranmvlcsqalvtlarkmkekwgipyfegsfygisdtsdalrniarmlvehgadptltdrtealiaeeeakawtrlepykarlagrkvllytggvkswsviqalqevgmevvgssvrkatgddkkkalerlggdedkladaitprdmyamfkdgkadmmlsggrsqfvalkartpwidinqerhhgyaaydgmvalvreidlsinspiwaqvrapapwenq
>Leptospirillum_sp._Group_IV_'UBA_BS'  coded_by=128..1528,organism=Leptospirillum sp. Group IV 'UBA BS',definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein NifE
misqkvqevfqeaacghnqaksekdrkkgctkvatpgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdaahlvhgpiacegnswdnrsalssgsrlyrtgfttdmnemdvvyggekhlfkairqiidrfdppavflyqtcvpaiigddieavakaasekfgrpvipvnapgfvggknlgnklagealldyvigtmepstttptdlniigeynlsgelwqvkplldrlgirisacisgdgryrevagshraraamlvcskaminiarkmeerygipwfegsfygisdmsaslrniarllvergapsdllertealiaseereawaaiegfrpglagkrallitggvkswsvvsalmeaglvvvgtsvkkstagdkeriaellgedahmidtmtpremyrmlrdaeadilmaggrsqfvalkakvpfrdvnqerrfafagykgmvtlvselhrtgsnpifgtlrqpapwapgcrvtplv
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=61..1638,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=nitrogenase
mpyhtfkcsecipergkhavdkgegedltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvkeknivfgaekvlkqniieafkvfphikrmtiyqtcgtaligddieavtkqvkaempdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkitigwvnqkvgtyepeitspyvinyigeyniqgdqeimqdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeylanelrqrygtprldidgfgfkalgeslrkigiffgieeraqqiideeiarwkpeldwykerlkvkkvclwpggsklwhwahaiheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceagalaiddpneleslesmrtlkpdciftgkrpgefakkvgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspvhklamvditkdeisnvnfetpgmlsdvnlseevksstvlrqytgkydnvssirsktiedypylkqakeaveskk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR220  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR220,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyytgvtgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpdnkprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Acetobacterium_bakii  coded_by=complement(275171..276532),organism=Acetobacterium bakii,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrnendilperaesirfsqcsgdgsgikceaesisgsvsqracvfcgarvvlnpitdafhivhgpigcssytwdirgslssgediyrnsystdlrerdvifggekkltaaidevmsmhspklifiyatcivgvigddivavckaaeekyairvipvkspgfsgtkktgykaacnaimslitpevlppkevgvnilgdfnlagemwiiknylrilgvkaisnitgdatseslkkapsaqlnlvqcagsmtylakqmeedfdipfikvsffgvndtsdsllriayamgdaemvrkakafiedeknrvipllnkykrnfegkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfkefgiktvmvgtqtgnkedyemiqslveddavvlddanpaelesfmkemgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhplagyegtlnfaseinlsmnspvweiispggnknv
>Pelodictyon_phaeoclathratiforme_BU-1  coded_by=2038466..2040100,organism=Pelodictyon phaeoclathratiforme BU-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
meanrvypdpsqvreeliqkypakvakkraksiiindpeiipevqanvrtvpgiitqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnivhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpetlldenyipycfstdmqeenivfggekklkiaiqeaydlfhpksiaifstcpvgligddvhaasremkeklgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvgrnntpsvgkfklnllgeyniggdafeierifkkvgitlvasfsgnstvgqienahtadlnvilchrsinymgdmmetkygipwmkinfvgaestakslrkiaeyfgdeelkakveaviaeetpkvkavieeilprtkgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfselgmttvaagyefahrddyegrdvlpkikidadsknieelkvvadpdffnprkteaelealkekgleingysgmmkqmtskslvvddlshyeseklieiykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgiplkqlhsydyggpytgfegainfyrdidrmvnnpvwklikapwekagngaglaasyvtq
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=151346..152809,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mavnletsesqsresrlgsitgyngkindliskgcegclknkkrcfstvsscshthalnqlggiagavvvdhapagcsagminfsvsrekakkdlngknltvvstnlkesdtifgaldklrntirsaykrhhpeeifvvtsctsaiigedvysvvqemkneldipvgfaaaegikskiwasgfdaychavartllvepeekantinyigfmqigkeeinpfferlglevvyltgastiedfkkasksiatwgqcgsqssylagaleqrfgvkyfqshlpyggigferfyrdlakyigkeeiaeeviaeerekyrerleairnqlkgkkafialgasfsyeyvrilqelgveilhavayhydpkldnetdediaavadtkefgwddiptsindaqemetylilkqlkpdfivsrahgaspwavrtgvpalevsigipamgyrglvifgerivnelkntnfvrklgakykspftekyeklkpfsfyeev
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrivorans_SS3  coded_by=complement(1643660..1645135),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans SS3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msitaeetreqmvaetktrnralidevlkvypektakrrakhlgvyeegksdcgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiedlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdyvfekqgaepkafektpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelentpmaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrymeekhgvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiagyfddhikegaerviekynrlteeviakyrprldgrtvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekmveaiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwsltktpwe
>Dysgonomonas_gadei_ATCC_BAA-286  coded_by=complement(10391..12034),organism=Dysgonomonas gadei ATCC BAA-286,definition=nitrogenase subunit molybdenum-iron protein alpha
mvddkdkikdgiiadlqifkdevitkypkkvgkkraksiilsdieqtpeiqanvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtkpttdeeanfipycfstdmqdknivfggedklkqaireayelfhpkaiaifstcpvgligddvhrvarhmmeeiggdinifgfscegyrgvsqsaghhiannglfknligrddevrgslkyrvnllgeyniggdafelervfekcginlvstfsgnstiesfenahtadlnmvmchrsinyvaemmetafgipwikvqpigarstakmlrkiaqyfgdqelidkveevvaeemaeveavrekiysktkgklsmlfvggsrahhyqdlfeelgmttiaagyefghrddyegrrviptiqidadsrnieeitvtkdatrynprkteselqelnkelefteykgimdqmekgtlviddlshyemekliemyhpdvfcagikekfcvqkmgiplkqlhnydvggpyagfkgainfykdiemmvganiwkeikapwesdayveaqyac
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=31499..33058,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mkkinldvaevekretrlgtiiawdgnakelvkqsdyqgrgcgnrnggcrlceiegpfaqgsgcsdemvecqagqvrdavliqhspigcgagqvgnnrlfrfglatrnlpienvriistnlleedmvfgataklkqtvedaykrykpktifivsacatgiigediesvateyeeklgipvvplicegfkskhwttgfdatqhgilrqivnknprkqedliniitlwgsdvytpmfkelglrvnfvvdlasvedlkrlseaagtvsfcytlssylsagleqhfgvpeikapqpygfkgtdawlreigrvthreelvekyiakehkrvepiikelrkklkgvkgftstgsgyshglitvlrelgisvdgslvfhhdpvydsgnaeedslkhlvdnygdvknfsvsnrqqyqfysllkrvnpdfilikhgglsplasklgisaaplsdesltigyqgmiylgnkildilakkkfhnilkehaeiqytdwwleqpdpyilaknpklldekfnellesrraadi
>Methanobacterium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34  coded_by=complement(8526..10028),organism=Methanobacterium sp. Maddingley MBC34,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain/nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mphklfevdkdipnrkkhtyvkdladpteeipkcntttipgcmtergcafagvkgvitgavkdvihvvhspvgcttygcgskryptspdlpngdkvpidqfnlkyimgtdlkesdvvfggmkklrqsileaakefpfvtaiytyatcttgligddmdavakelseeigkdvvafnapgfsgptqskghhvgnltlfnklvgtkeppettpydinligeynidgdlwvlkkyfdeiginllskftgdcshdeicwmhraklslvrcqrsatyiadlieekygipyikvdffgpkycaenlitvakhfgleenaeklikremaeiqpkldfykeklqgktvwvfsggpknwhlpeplkehlgmetvavstmfehedgyekikervgegtviiddpnsleleeiievykpdiilsgikekyiahklgvpcvlihsyengpymgfegflnlaqdiyasiyspvwnmlefeetiddeeeleaeiegiiqepeinapkkeqqkeap
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=complement(29441..30943),organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdqaggeseilsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideiellfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrkkakeyektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdkkdvdfeagaydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqietslrkiakhfgseieekvekviakyrplvdaviskyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyakngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwdlyqapwkqgpsrgqamaae
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri_biovar_biserrulae_WSM1271  coded_by=complement(6017064..6018566),organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri biovar biserrulae WSM1271,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdqaggeseilsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideiellfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrkkakeyektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdkkdvdfeagaydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqietslrkiakhfgseieekvekviakyrplvdaviskyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyakngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwdlyqapwkqgpsrgqamaae
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=complement(5946021..5947523),organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdqaggeseilsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideiellfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrkkakeyektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdkkdvdfeagaydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqietslrkiakhfgseieekvekviakyrplvdaviskyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyakngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwdlyqapwkqgpsrgqamaae
>Mesorhizobium_opportunistum_WSM2075  coded_by=complement(6571732..6573234),organism=Mesorhizobium opportunistum WSM2075,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdqaggeseilsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideiellfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrkkakeyektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdkkdvdfeagaydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqietslrkiakhfgseieekvekviakyrplvdaviskyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyakngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwdlyqapwkqgpsrgqamaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zb15  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zb15,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._teph5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. teph5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rhyd.1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rhyd.1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpg39  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpg39,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cnw15  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cnw15,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvg25  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvg25,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Anabaena_cylindrica_PCC_7122  coded_by=2413775..2414704,organism=Anabaena cylindrica PCC 7122,definition=Nitrogenase
mtppddkkiveqrkelvkevlkaypekaakkrekhlnvfeegkadcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktsktigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradqgkkdgtlkfegtpydvavigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipclkyeinka
>Methylocystis_echinoides  coded_by=<1..>1103,organism=Methylocystis echinoides,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
gpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideieelfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdktegkparfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwceynffgpskieeslrkiashfddkikegaerviakyrplmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvp
>Clostridium_thermocellum_AD2  coded_by=32919..34394,organism=Clostridium thermocellum AD2,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskinlslpevqireirinsitgyqgdakelvearefglkdkersfsqclgcatskaacmtvliqdaavishgpvgcasclhefaftyrvnyplrgierptprrifstnlkekdtvyggniklantirevyerthanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkprrrrddminvinfwgsdvfyewfapfgakpnyiipfstvnglkyaseaaatvqacstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkeeiaekiiaekkkeylpkiealreklagktayvtagaahghalldvlgelgikavgaaifhhdpiydsgreendqlaqrvadygnvfnynvcnkqefelvnalnrlrpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyeglvnygerileviendefvknlekhainpytkwwleqppyyflkggtgk
>Clostridium_thermocellum_YS  coded_by=32817..34292,organism=Clostridium thermocellum YS,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskinlslpevqireirinsitgyqgdakelvearefglkdkersfsqclgcatskaacmtvliqdaavishgpvgcasclhefaftyrvnyplrgierptprrifstnlkekdtvyggniklantirevyerthanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkprrrrddminvinfwgsdvfyewfapfgakpnyiipfstvnglkyaseaaatvqacstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkeeiaekiiaekkkeylpkiealreklagktayvtagaahghalldvlgelgikavgaaifhhdpiydsgreendqlaqrvadygnvfnynvcnkqefelvnalnrlrpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyeglvnygerileviendefvknlekhainpytkwwleqppyyflkggtgk
>Clostridium_thermocellum_DSM_2360  coded_by=complement(43750..45225),organism=Clostridium thermocellum DSM 2360,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskinlslpevqireirinsitgyqgdakelvearefglkdkersfsqclgcatskaacmtvliqdaavishgpvgcasclhefaftyrvnyplrgierptprrifstnlkekdtvyggniklantirevyerthanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkprrrrddminvinfwgsdvfyewfapfgakpnyiipfstvnglkyaseaaatvqacstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkeeiaekiiaekkkeylpkiealreklagktayvtagaahghalldvlgelgikavgaaifhhdpiydsgreendqlaqrvadygnvfnynvcnkqefelvnalnrlrpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyeglvnygerileviendefvknlekhainpytkwwleqppyyflkggtgk
>Clostridium_thermocellum_JW20  coded_by=2091956..2093431,organism=Clostridium thermocellum JW20,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskinlslpevqireirinsitgyqgdakelvearefglkdkersfsqclgcatskaacmtvliqdaavishgpvgcasclhefaftyrvnyplrgierptprrifstnlkekdtvyggniklantirevyerthanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkprrrrddminvinfwgsdvfyewfapfgakpnyiipfstvnglkyaseaaatvqacstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkeeiaekiiaekkkeylpkiealreklagktayvtagaahghalldvlgelgikavgaaifhhdpiydsgreendqlaqrvadygnvfnynvcnkqefelvnalnrlrpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyeglvnygerileviendefvknlekhainpytkwwleqppyyflkggtgk
>Clostridium_thermocellum_DSM_1313  coded_by=2738232..2739707,organism=Clostridium thermocellum DSM 1313,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskinlslpevqireirinsitgyqgdakelvearefglkdkersfsqclgcatskaacmtvliqdaavishgpvgcasclhefaftyrvnyplrgierptprrifstnlkekdtvyggniklantirevyerthanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkprrrrddminvinfwgsdvfyewfapfgakpnyiipfstvnglkyaseaaatvqacstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkeeiaekiiaekkkeylpkiealreklagktayvtagaahghalldvlgelgikavgaaifhhdpiydsgreendqlaqrvadygnvfnynvcnkqefelvnalnrlrpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyeglvnygerileviendefvknlekhainpytkwwleqppyyflkggtgk
>Ruminiclostridium_thermocellum_ATCC_27405  coded_by=1892797..1894272,organism=Ruminiclostridium thermocellum ATCC 27405,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskinlslpevqireirinsitgyqgdakelvearefglkdkersfsqclgcatskaacmtvliqdaavishgpvgcasclhefaftyrvnyplrgierptprrifstnlkekdtvyggniklantirevyerthanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkprrrrddminvinfwgsdvfyewfapfgakpnyiipfstvnglkyaseaaatvqacstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkeeiaekiiaekkkeylpkiealreklagktayvtagaahghalldvlgelgikavgaaifhhdpiydsgreendqlaqrvadygnvfnynvcnkqefelvnalnrlrpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyeglvnygerileviendefvknlekhainpytkwwleqppyyflkggtgk
>Thermodesulfatator_indicus_DSM_15286  coded_by=1111278..1112708,organism=Thermodesulfatator indicus DSM 15286,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpvvqlkcnicipernphtiivdedkstlpkcnaptvpgdmtergusyagargvvggpivdiihmvhapvgcgyytwgtrrhlgdvyswalpgvleneanhrrhcfttdmtendivfggmdklkqalleafrinpgakgaiiyltcstaligddidnvakevmretgkpvfacsspgfcgvsqskghhefnfqfykwllkyreehpevclkeeektpydinligeynidwdtitivplfekmgirvlsvftgncrfedlfkmpdaklsivhcqrsatyiaelikqgfevpyirasffglgqtakalrdtaewfgdeklikrteevieeesaaiqkaldwyrdkltgkriaiyvgaprvwhwikameelgmevvacmttfghkddyekivarlkpgalvidnpnefeieemierckpdlfltglkekylvrkfgvptlnshsyekgpyaafrgfinfardiyqalcapiwkiaqeef
>Methanosarcina_vacuolata_Z-761  coded_by=complement(2845826..2847355),organism=Methanosarcina vacuolata Z-761,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
mvgianesvvffghlselyqlakegkietklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgikntiviahgpsgcafgvkqaykltncrnsgspyesiittnidekaivyggekelkgailevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnkikpkinaeimaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesrsrlansvnivggkmgperteietdvkelrrliesmgasvnaviagncsleeikqapsvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfntplnstilpygisaterwlreaakhlhleneaeelikreygairiefeeakkylagklaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdfgmraviynfhpwstqaretsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamvqtenelmeylgdlnpettvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvtkkmvfpensglcsaqsltpklaqdlpdctvyagrergkcmms
>Alteromonadaceae_bacterium_Bs08  coded_by=1..1482,organism=Alteromonadaceae bacterium Bs08,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msemsreeaealiqevleiypekakknrakhlmvndqsldqskkcitsnkkslpgvmtqrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhvshgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgatgvnsfvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklvdeietlfplnkgisinsecpigligddieavakqkgaeygktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsvrdwilsarddddsfeqtdydvaivgdyniggdawssrrileemglrvvaqwsgdgtisemeltpkvkmnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeerynipwmefnffgptrtiesmrkiaeqfdetiqakteeviakyqpqwqaviekyrprlegrrvmifvgglrprhiigayedlgmdvvgtgyefahnddydrtikemgnstlifddltgyefeefvrkvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifakdmdmtvnnpcwknmvppwdkpveeeeevvasa
>Candidatus_Methanoperedens_sp._BLZ1  coded_by=1979..3349,organism=Candidatus Methanoperedens sp. BLZ1,definition=nitrogenase, subunit alpha
mttilpecdipipqrqphiichdpaniilpmcnvqtvpgdmtergctfagcrgvvggpvkdaiqlvhgpigcayytwgtrrnlsdtklhrkycfstdlteesviyggakkllnsiieshelfpegkavfvystcvvgligddteaickqaqekigipvipfhcegfrgvsqslghhianrtlfekvvgteepqettpydmcivgefnidgdawivkplfermgvrvlsvftgnasysdippmhraklnivqcqrsstyiakmiqdkygvqyinvslfgmtqtaqalrdvgkffrleenaekviaeelalyqsridhyrkklegkkcfiyqgaprawhwmgpmrelgietiltattfghkddyekimekakpghicidnpnaleieeylvklkpdffigglkekyltyklgipfinghsyeegpyagfegfvnfakdidvavnspvwkfinqpleak
>Desulfocarbo_indianensis  coded_by=complement(424604..425971),organism=Desulfocarbo indianensis,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mshaifeerkdqifekvgdepfriscdkqslagavsqractfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcasytwdirgalssgpelhrysfctdlgetdvifggerklaraldeliprhrpqaafvystcmvgligddleaacrkaeekhgipvipvmsegfkgskragyyaackalftlvgtgdtdgtppmsvnllgdfnlageiwiireylermgvsvvanvtgdgrvadlrrahgaalnlvqcsgstmelakmmqeaygtpfmrvsylgvddmaqalydvaeffksqeamerakelvrrevadiyprlmelrkdlqgkraalyvggafkafsliksfrllgmkvmlagsqtgtqedyqelasicepgtvivddanplelmkyliekdvdvfvggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherklalegfvgmlnfaeeihatamspvwrfmprkarpalkvaa
>Chlorobium_tepidum_TLS  coded_by=1437602..1439233,organism=Chlorobium tepidum TLS,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
meakvlipdpskikeelinkypakvakkrsksivvndpeivpevqanvrtvpgiitqrgcayagckgvvlgptrdivnivhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpetpehenyitycfstdmqeehvvfggekklkvaiqeaydlfhpkaiaifstcpvgligddvhavaremkeklgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvgnnnevkpgkfklnllgeyniggdafeierllekcgitlvasfsgnstvgaienahtadlnvimchrsinymgdmmetkygipwmkvnfvgaestakslrkiaeyfgdeelkakveeviaeevpavkaiideirprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfselgmttiaagyefahrddyegrevlpkikidadsknieelkvtadpelynprkskaeleelkakgleingyegmmkqmmkktlvvddishyesekliemykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpytgfkgavnfykdidrmvnnpvwkmikapweksepesleasyvas
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR736  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR736,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR632  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR632,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR623  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR623,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR453  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR453,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_cytisi  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium cytisi,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1853557..1854921,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=hydrogenase
mavtknehgqtnsinqvrygcavgalysvvsipgavpighcgpgcmdkqytslafyngfqgsgysggsvspsvnagekevvfggekrldelikstlkiiegdlfvvlngcigelvgddvgavvskyqkqgvpivyaetggfkgnnfvgheiittaiidqyvdkyalnkdhrekglinvwselpyqntfwrgdlselkrilegagfrvnilfggksagveewktiphaqfnlvvspwlglktakhleekynqpylhipvlpigaqqtaafirqvveyagidpataesfieqeeqeyyyylehfndfyseywwglpatyavvgdstynlalnkflvnqlglipkrqiitdnapekyreaiaqeyqklahdvattvdfvedgyivgkllketdfghkppiifgttwerdtvkelkgkivevgfpasyevvlnksyigyrgalqliekiftaaisasa
>Oxobacter_pfennigii  coded_by=309198..310799,organism=Oxobacter pfennigii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mkkvveralekypakvfksrkehiiikenedevpeitantrtipgiitnrgccyagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcsyyawgtrrnkakvidgeknfleycfstdmqesdivfggekklrqaikeavelfnpkaitisatcpvgligddinavaaeaqklygiqvlafscegykgvsqsaghhiannnlmkhvigigdmkpkkysinilgeyniggdgweikrvldkigyniiaimtgdgsyediknahkadvnlvqchrsinyiaemietkygipwikanfigvkstietlrylanyfgddmliekteevikeeladiegqmeyykeklqgrtaflyvggsrshhyqellkdlgvetiisgyefahrddyegrevistiktdadnknieeikvekdeknyrvilskeryeklkkeiplsyyggiikamnknsviiddlnhyeteefikilkpdmffsgikdkyvvqkmgvmskqlhsydysgpyagfkgalvfardvaagvytpawkyvtppwktepmiegtleeegeac
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._117A4SAPT  coded_by=<1..>816,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 117A4SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgi
>Clostridium_tyrobutyricum_DIVETGP  coded_by=complement(14434..16059),organism=Clostridium tyrobutyricum DIVETGP,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mkkewsqiidevlepypsktykkrkkhmvvktkedsnpviaanirtipgvitargccyagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpvgcsfytwggrrfkskaseggqnfneyvfgtdmqeqnivfggvgklqkaideaveifhpkavgiyatcpvgligddiqavasasqkkygipvlafscegykgvtqsaghhianntvmsdiigtgthkhkqhsvnvlgeyniggdsweidrvlkkigynvvatltgdasyediqnayqadvnlvqcyrsinyiagmmetkygipwikanfigveatartlrdlakvfdepelykrteeviaeeigaieadiqyyreklegktaclyvgglraqtyqellkdlgvktilaghefghrddyegssviptikvdadsknipeitvtkdeekyrvilpkdraealkaegvqldgytglvaemeddtlmiddinghelekfikelhpdmfltgvkekyviekmgvlsrqlhsydytgpyagfkgavifarelargvytpawkyltppwkkqplldgkveeeiaagger
>Herbaspirillum_sp._B501  coded_by=1703..>2855,organism=Herbaspirillum sp. B501,definition=nitrogenase Mo-Fe protein alpha chain
msltveettarntelinevlkaypdktakrrakhlttqeegksdcnvksniksipgvmtippcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigktgidsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekivdeiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkskqyeghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhvandaikewvldkmdpdknqfvatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaementpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwveynffgpsqieaslrqiashfddkikegaerviakykaltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvidaygdlgmkvvgtgyef
>Frankia_sp._EuIK1  coded_by=1121..2581,organism=Frankia sp. EuIK1,definition=nitrogenase alpha-subunit
mtttpaperaeteamiaevleqypqkaakfrakhlkanhpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcryagskgvvwgpvkdlvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvtnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpnleqvcdeinelfplakgisvqsecpigligddiepvsataskklakpvipvrceafrgvsqslghhianepvrdhvlgtggesfqetpydvaligdyniggdawasrriledmglrviaqwsgdgtlnemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwiefnffgptkivnsmraiaakfdetiqakteaaigryqkrfdeitaafkprldgkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtysmlkegivlyddptafeleefakrlkrdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainsptwdlmetpwskagevf
>Moorella_glycerini  coded_by=complement(44977..46437),organism=Moorella glycerini,definition=Nitrogenase alpha chain
mpmvkmkcnetiperdkhiyrtekeksiipacniatlpgdmtergcafagargvvggpiadviqlvhapvgcawytwgtrrhlsdfylwatptrltnvafnrrycvctdmqekdvvfggmkkleracldairlfpeakgliifttcttgligddvqaiarqveketgkliftsespgcsgvsqskghhdfntqfyrqirqlrerrpelkmseeektpydicligeynmdwdlkvvkplfekigvrvaavfsgnerienlvkmpdvklnvvhcqrsaeyiahmladgfnipfirvslfgikqtaealrktaaffgleeraeeviaeemkrvekslafyreklkgkrvaiyvggprvwhwiklmeelgmtvvavactfahqddyekinarapegmlvidnpnefeieemlksekpdlfltglkekyiarkmgiptvnshsyekgpyagfvgmvnfardiyqalyapvwqfqwgldgaplkdeggracs
>Frankia_sp._Thr  coded_by=217248..218708,organism=Frankia sp. Thr,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtttpapikaeteamiaevlsnypaktakfrakhlkandpdgskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdivnishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvnnfaamqfttdfqekdivfggdpkletvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkaskklelpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggntfkqtpydvaligdyniggdawasrkileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwtefnffgptkivdsmrkiaaffddeikqkteaaiaryqvrfdeitnafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtypalaegvvlyddptafeleefakrlkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainsptwdlmetpwskagevf
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.23  coded_by=complement(147907..149367),organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.23,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtttpapikaeteamiaevlsnypaktakfrakhlkandpdgskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdivnishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvnnfaamqfttdfqekdivfggdpkletvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkaskklelpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggntfkqtpydvaligdyniggdawasrkileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwtefnffgptkivdsmrkiaaffddeikqkteaaiaryqvrfdeitnafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtypalaegvvlyddptafeleefakrlkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainsptwdlmetpwskagevf
>Frankia_sp._CcI3  coded_by=complement(5358238..5359698),organism=Frankia sp. CcI3,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtttpapikaeteamiaevlsnypaktakfrakhlkandpdgskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdivnishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvnnfaamqfttdfqekdivfggdpkletvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkaskklelpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggntfkqtpydvaligdyniggdawasrkileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwtefnffgptkivdsmrkiaaffddeikqkteaaiaryqvrfdeitnafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtypalaegvvlyddptafeleefakrlkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainsptwdlmetpwskagevf
>Frankia_sp._CcI6  coded_by=113386..114846,organism=Frankia sp. CcI6,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtttpapikaeteamiaevlsnypaktakfrakhlkandpdgskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdivnishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvnnfaamqfttdfqekdivfggdpkletvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkaskklelpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggntfkqtpydvaligdyniggdawasrkileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwtefnffgptkivdsmrkiaaffddeikqkteaaiaryqvrfdeitnafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtypalaegvvlyddptafeleefakrlkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainsptwdlmetpwskagevf
>Frankia_sp._Allo2  coded_by=235500..236960,organism=Frankia sp. Allo2,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtttpapikaeteamiaevlsnypaktakfrakhlkandpdgskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdivnishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvnnfaamqfttdfqekdivfggdpkletvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkaskklelpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggntfkqtpydvaligdyniggdawasrkileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwtefnffgptkivdsmrkiaaffddeikqkteaaiaryqvrfdeitnafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtypalaegvvlyddptafeleefakrlkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainsptwdlmetpwskagevf
>Methanosphaerula_palustris_E1-9c  coded_by=complement(269351..270397),organism=Methanosphaerula palustris E1-9c,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mnsktshsstyryegctltgalsvttaitdgisiihgpagcahhnlsliyatlldhesgplpalcsdrigeeeiifggeeqltavirnavrdgytsvmvlgtcvtaaigddidsicgqdwpvpvipvktqgflggvfstgffnalsalaglaptgqekrdgqgveprvnligeknleyevdenaaevtrlldragievnlrfvrgistdeiarlgradlnilrepslvafgeelqqqfsipylegfpvglagtlrfvqetadrcavdgttaveeeeifqaqmldqferirgarvrfsqpsdrftaelvdrlgliissdgapvrlpvplpvgtagirrmlqqwrrtida
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(313127..314590),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
msrladkiqdvfnepgcaanqaksdkqrkkgcskplqpggaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgtkssgsklyrtgfttdmgendvifggekrlfrsireiiekydppavfvyqtcvpammgddivavckvasekfgkpcvpiispgfvgpknlgnklageamldyvigtqepefttpydiniigeynvagelwqvkplldelgirilsclsgdaryhevaqshraraammvcstaminvarkmeerygipyfegsfygisdtseslrqiarlliargapdelmartealiareeakawaaikaytprlegkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeaglsivgtsvkkstkedklrlkemspdvhqiddlrpremykmlkdaqadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqertyaycgyvgivemvrqidkslsnpiwaqvrsappwdevtweeradaanaaddrqraifgrsarva
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=489..1805,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlkfieqpryscalgaqqsviaikravpilhsgpgcgdkinrllgqgegyaggntvpctnaseseivfggeqklgnviegafkvidadlyvvltgctsdiigddigqvtsayqeqdrpivyvetggfksnnyvshetvvkaiidqyvdkfkkgtdkikglvnvfatvpyqdpfwngnleeikrilegiglgvnilfgaesgginewqsipqaeynvvisawaglgiaqylegkygtpyihfpylpiggeettkflrqvaevtgidrsyaeafikkeeekfymhiermadfilefryglprrfytildasygvglskyllnelgilpakqfiiddtpeefqeaiqeqfnkisslrsakvsfnvdagaiqeeirkddhkhralivgsawerdlateiggdllilsvpvayrlvlncgyagyngglrviediygkvldtyr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(99026..100342),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlkfieqpryscalgaqqsviaikravpilhsgpgcgdkinrllgqgegyaggntvpctnaseseivfggeqklgnviegafkvidadlyvvltgctsdiigddigqvtsayqeqdrpivyvetggfksnnyvshetvvkaiidqyvdkfkkgtdkikglvnvfatvpyqdpfwngnleeikrilegiglgvnilfgaesgginewqsipqaeynvvisawaglgiaqylegkygtpyihfpylpiggeettkflrqvaevtgidrsyaeafikkeeekfymhiermadfilefryglprrfytildasygvglskyllnelgilpakqfiiddtpeefqeaiqeqfnkisslrsakvsfnvdagaiqeeirkddhkhralivgsawerdlateiggdllilsvpvayrlvlncgyagyngglrviediygkvldtyr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=55817..57133,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlkfieqpryscalgaqqsviaikravpilhsgpgcgdkinrllgqgegyaggntvpctnaseseivfggeqklgnviegafkvidadlyvvltgctsdiigddigqvtsayqeqdrpivyvetggfksnnyvshetvvkaiidqyvdkfkkgtdkikglvnvfatvpyqdpfwngnleeikrilegiglgvnilfgaesgginewqsipqaeynvvisawaglgiaqylegkygtpyihfpylpiggeettkflrqvaevtgidrsyaeafikkeeekfymhiermadfilefryglprrfytildasygvglskyllnelgilpakqfiiddtpeefqeaiqeqfnkisslrsakvsfnvdagaiqeeirkddhkhralivgsawerdlateiggdllilsvpvayrlvlncgyagyngglrviediygkvldtyr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=486..1802,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlkfieqpryscalgaqqsviaikravpilhsgpgcgdkinrllgqgegyaggntvpctnaseseivfggeqklgnviegafkvidadlyvvltgctsdiigddigqvtsayqeqdrpivyvetggfksnnyvshetvvkaiidqyvdkfkkgtdkikglvnvfatvpyqdpfwngnleeikrilegiglgvnilfgaesgginewqsipqaeynvvisawaglgiaqylegkygtpyihfpylpiggeettkflrqvaevtgidrsyaeafikkeeekfymhiermadfilefryglprrfytildasygvglskyllnelgilpakqfiiddtpeefqeaiqeqfnkisslrsakvsfnvdagaiqeeirkddhkhralivgsawerdlateiggdllilsvpvayrlvlncgyagyngglrviediygkvldtyr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=146515..147831,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlkfieqpryscalgaqqsviaikravpilhsgpgcgdkinrllgqgegyaggntvpctnaseseivfggeqklgnviegafkvidadlyvvltgctsdiigddigqvtsayqeqdrpivyvetggfksnnyvshetvvkaiidqyvdkfkkgtdkikglvnvfatvpyqdpfwngnleeikrilegiglgvnilfgaesgginewqsipqaeynvvisawaglgiaqylegkygtpyihfpylpiggeettkflrqvaevtgidrsyaeafikkeeekfymhiermadfilefryglprrfytildasygvglskyllnelgilpakqfiiddtpeefqeaiqeqfnkisslrsakvsfnvdagaiqeeirkddhkhralivgsawerdlateiggdllilsvpvayrlvlncgyagyngglrviediygkvldtyr
>Anabaena_sp._PCC_7108  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Anabaena sp. PCC 7108,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppddkkiveqrkelvkevlkaypekaakkrekhlnvfeegkadcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktsktigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradkakkdgalqfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaaslreiaskfdakiqanaekviakyqptmdaivskyrprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrttnyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwnkkaqakakakasv
>Geobacter_pickeringii  coded_by=262534..264045,organism=Geobacter pickeringii,definition=nitrogenase
msdridlktsscpnreqrangvnvyygkaseiirdaragslqhqerafqqtsgcilnfyltvristirdavmivhapvgcsssalgyrelfqavptslgrpenlefhwmttnlnerdvvygaadklkyaiheaerrykpkaifilasctsgvigedidgvvaetqpevnativpvhcegsksrlvqtgydafwhgvvkylvkppekkqhdlvniasmlsytwqdrieitrllnkigmrpnfipefatveqfeilgeaavtapicptytdylsrgleqeygvpyflypspigiahtdewlreigritgrekivekviaeehdewlpqleaiqkefrsinpdgelldvlgslgqgrlltqtpffheigvkataaicqdfdnlvleeteklveevgdfdllvntfqaaevahiaktrnpdiiltcpfqgsaykrekgmtrihalrgdprdwsgqagykgaiacgnlllqstrnqsfqqtmlantedtytewwyqqpkplylkeeaa
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PAl_5  coded_by=14873..16312,organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PAl 5,definition=NifE
msdalkakvtelfnepgceknlakgekerrkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdavhlvhgplacegngwdnrhaassgpklyrlgattdlsqmdivmglgekrlykaikdviaryappavfvystcvpaltgddvvavcahasqklatpcipvnapgfvggknlgnklagealldyvigtmepeistptdinilgeynlsgelwqilplfralgirvhacvtgdaryrevasahrsrvnmmvcstslinvarkmeerwgipyfegsfygiedtsaalraiagmlvargapadlparaealiaeeearaweaiapyrarlegkrvllytggvkswsivsalqeigmvvvgtsvrkstdndkqkikdlmggdahmvdaippremyaqlrrgdadillsggrtqfvalkarvpwldinqerhqayagydgmvalvreldrslsnpvwadvrrpapweeddadaflddapfltpls
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PA1_5  coded_by=437663..439102,organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PA1 5,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
msdalkakvtelfnepgceknlakgekerrkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdavhlvhgplacegngwdnrhaassgpklyrlgattdlsqmdivmglgekrlykaikdviaryappavfvystcvpaltgddvvavcahasqklatpcipvnapgfvggknlgnklagealldyvigtmepeistptdinilgeynlsgelwqilplfralgirvhacvtgdaryrevasahrsrvnmmvcstslinvarkmeerwgipyfegsfygiedtsaalraiagmlvargapadlparaealiaeeearaweaiapyrarlegkrvllytggvkswsivsalqeigmvvvgtsvrkstdndkqkikdlmggdahmvdaippremyaqlrrgdadillsggrtqfvalkarvpwldinqerhqayagydgmvalvreldrslsnpvwadvrrpapweeddadaflddapfltpls
>Centipeda_periodontii_DSM_2778  coded_by=complement(49277..50584),organism=Centipeda periodontii DSM 2778,definition=oxidoreductase
mgievkrvgvrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvvfhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvrlspvplltsglgeseavfggeerlrecvrfaaqkyhpqavfianscvsgvigddtkaiaaemeeelglpvtavsahgfldgeyyagyldaaralvdrfmqpaarrregtiallgdcggmhgeyvkelrrllslldlrvtaqfpsylaldelqavpeaeliillgrrmddekqaqlvelaehmkerfgtpylgdiyavgaeetkvwlrrvgqlchreeaaeraiaveeesfagavekarvdlasrrcvlaigrdltwfqpeivlrllkrvgveltgiilldcfmparcevmeeelrrrtdvsiyhegdaaaekllhavdfvltthelvdaklrqlflallpsvgwsmerrllddmrqilhrhesrggliyg
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=complement(3319881..3321389),organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase
msinldrsqviirekrlksivgyqgtikdlaeqsqsgclknasrgfsqatncnsgcaqgylssitdaaivnhgpigcagdvaganagfqwgqrirdwdqrnvriintnmsekavvfggdqilkegilkayerfkpkaifvttscasgiigddiestikkaeaeigipvvpvfcegfrsqiwasgfdaafhalltrivkpaekkrpelvnvinfvgsgraliteifgrlglvpqfgipysnieeisrwseagatisicgtlggymgngleqnfgvpyvtalqphgisgfddwltklgetvgkekeveeylaeqkilaapeleelkfklkgkkvvvgmgpsfahnyirfledlgmevvwgfswhydakhdhggcpsctteltkkdkdipvsvsdqqnhevinllskvkpdifigrhpgmsvwatkmgipaimvsdeysafgyqgtiefghriidaltnnslavnlskrvnlpytewwleqdpfefleqknkkterenkknvavr
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>792,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnicmlpfhe
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCICRE_14  coded_by=458663..460036,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCICRE 14,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryrpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalalwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgivtlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Clostridium_papyrosolvens_C7  coded_by=complement(24492..26084),organism=Clostridium papyrosolvens C7,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mnvrnivldkysakvyknrkehimelteetkdqpiaansrtvpgiitnrgccyagckgvvlgplkdvlvlthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkaktedgrnfieycfstdlqepdivfggekklrqaikeaveifqpkclmicstcpvgligddihavaaeteklygitcmafscegykgvsqsgghhianntlmkkiigtndtppknkysvnllgeyniggdgweverimkrigydvisvftgdgsfeaiqnshmanlnlvqchrsinyiaemmktkygvdwikvnfigikstiqslrdmaayfgdkelaerteeviddelaniadekeyyysklkgktaalyvggsrshhyqllladfgvstvlagyefahrddyegreviptiredadskniehlnvakdekkyhayltdeqyellktkipledytgmirhmengsivvddlnqfetdeflkllkpdiffsgikdkyslqksgvlarqlhsydysgpyagfrgsvnfarditmglytpawgfvtppwknrstlraslaggek
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._wall44  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. wall44,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Paenibacillus_massiliensis  coded_by=4166..5521,organism=Paenibacillus massiliensis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mkeqanasscstcsiksnlksrpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangilginnftamqitsdfqekdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddigavakkmtqelgipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdflmgrmeleecgpydvsiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtinelgiahksklnlihchrsmnymcttmeeeygipwmeynflgptktveslraiaarfdetiqanceeviarymvemeavirkyrprlegrrscsligglrarhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyektlpdlkegailyddptayeleelaqrldidlmgagvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifardmdmtvnspvwsllpcrekvevsv
>Ruminococcus_albus_7_=_DSM_20455  coded_by=593985..595553,organism=Ruminococcus albus 7 = DSM 20455,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
makniqldletvqnremrlgsiiswdgkaselvelsryeeralrhkgecpgagkngegcrlcelnmpfnqqsmcansiaacqagnirdcvliqhspvgctarnpefnlafrnglerrgieprninimttnllendmvfgaseklkraareaferynpkaiffsmscstaiigedlssiaaemedelgipvapmqcegfrskhwstgfdisqhavlrhivnknpkkqpdlinivalwgtdyftdmlkplglrvnyimdiasfdelaqtseaactstfchtlgsyfataleeaygvpqirapqpygfagtdawlraiakqvgkekeaeeyiaaehervrpkieelkeklkgvngfvltgssyahglisvlrdlgvtvdgsvvfhhdpvydggyeeqntlktlvdnygdiphftvskcqpfqlpallsrvkadfiiirhnglapnaarmgipsfaigdehfpvgydgmirvgeavldvlarkkmnqvlkrhvglpysdwwlsqkdpfilakhpevldettkevqd
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._Fw109-5  coded_by=complement(3528191..3529642),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msprtnvkkvdgitkestqamidrtleaypekgkkkraphlapndqasasacvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgkngvssfamqftsdfqekdivyggdkklavllreakelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakqmskeldlpiipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdyiietrefaepetpydialigeyniggdawstkplleecgfnvkavwtgdgqmehiaathevklnvihcyrsmnymckvmeekygvpwielnffgptkikeslrklaerfddrikanvekviarydpmmqrvieevrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtvgayedlgmtvvgsgyefahsddydrtspempdatviyddaseyelerfvhdlkpdlvasgikekylfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgykgfptfardidmainsptwglvkspf
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51472  coded_by=211271..212689,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51472,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltkskindlltqpgcehnhnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekklykaiaqlikkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatnkyetpiipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepeyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkagirvlakitgdaryeevcsahraklnvmicskalinmasamkerynipyieesfygvqdmnrclrniaqffgdqvlierveeiieeetakldialapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrvvqktkadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwtqvrkpspweiwqqehesllnleaege
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=16363..17781,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=nitrogen fixation protein E
mkltkskindlltqpgcehnhnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekklykaiaqlikkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatnkyetpiipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepeyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkagirvlakitgdaryeevcsahraklnvmicskalinmasamkerynipyieesfygvqdmnrclrniaqffgdqvlierveeiieeetakldialapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrvvqktkadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwtqvrkpspweiwqqehesllnleaege
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=570669..572087,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkltkskindlltqpgcehnhnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekklykaiaqlikkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatnkyetpiipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepeyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkagirvlakitgdaryeevcsahraklnvmicskalinmasamkerynipyieesfygvqdmnrclrniaqffgdqvlierveeiieeetakldialapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrvvqktkadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwtqvrkpspweiwqqehesllnleaege
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C17-2660  coded_by=<1..>793,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C17-2660,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklniciatvpct
>Moorella_thermoacetica_ATCC_39073  coded_by=572664..574124,organism=Moorella thermoacetica ATCC 39073,definition=Nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpmvkmkcdeliperykhiyytekgrsvipacniatipgdmtergcafagargviggpiadviamvhapvgcawytwgtrrhlsdlytwatptrltnvafnrrycvctdmqekdvvfggikkleqacleairlfpeakgliifttcttgligddvqavarsvekktgrlvftaespgcsgvsqskghhdfniqfyrqvrslrerrpelkmpetektpydicligdynmdwdlkairplfekmglrivavfsgnerienlvkmpdvklnvvhcqrsaeyiahiekdgynipfirvslygieqtckalretaaffgleeraeaviaeemarvekslafyreklqgkrvaiyvggprvwhwiklmeelgmqvvavactfaheddyekinarapegmlvidapnefeleemltstkpdlfltglkekylgrkmgiptvnshsyekgpyegfagmvnfardiyqgiyapvwkfqwgldstpgmtgrdeqcs
>Moorella_thermoacetica  coded_by=486973..488433,organism=Moorella thermoacetica,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein alpha chain
mpmvkmkcdeliperykhiyytekgrsvipacniatipgdmtergcafagargviggpiadviamvhapvgcawytwgtrrhlsdlytwatptrltnvafnrrycvctdmqekdvvfggikkleqacleairlfpeakgliifttcttgligddvqavarsvekktgrlvftaespgcsgvsqskghhdfniqfyrqvrslrerrpelkmpetektpydicligdynmdwdlkairplfekmglrivavfsgnerienlvkmpdvklnvvhcqrsaeyiahiekdgynipfirvslygieqtckalretaaffgleeraeaviaeemarvekslafyreklqgkrvaiyvggprvwhwiklmeelgmqvvavactfaheddyekinarapegmlvidapnefeleemltstkpdlfltglkekylgrkmgiptvnshsyekgpyegfagmvnfardiyqgiyapvwkfqwgldstpgmtgrdeqcs
>Moorella_thermoacetica  coded_by=570860..572320,organism=Moorella thermoacetica,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein alpha chain
mpmvkmkcdeliperykhiyytekgrsvipacniatipgdmtergcafagargviggpiadviamvhapvgcawytwgtrrhlsdlytwatptrltnvafnrrycvctdmqekdvvfggikkleqacleairlfpeakgliifttcttgligddvqavarsvekktgrlvftaespgcsgvsqskghhdfniqfyrqvrslrerrpelkmpetektpydicligdynmdwdlkairplfekmglrivavfsgnerienlvkmpdvklnvvhcqrsaeyiahiekdgynipfirvslygieqtckalretaaffgleeraeaviaeemarvekslafyreklqgkrvaiyvggprvwhwiklmeelgmqvvavactfaheddyekinarapegmlvidapnefeleemltstkpdlfltglkekylgrkmgiptvnshsyekgpyegfagmvnfardiyqgiyapvwkfqwgldstpgmtgrdeqcs
>Alkaliphilus_metalliredigens_QYMF  coded_by=complement(3603142..3604746),organism=Alkaliphilus metalliredigens QYMF,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maidkkidkilqkyppkvkknrikhmltkdsevgqeiqantrtipgiisnrgccfagckgvvlgplkdvvhivhgpigcsyytwgtrrhkgrsekgesnflsycfstdmqesdivfggekrlrqavkeayeifkpeaitisstcpvgligddihavardaqaefgiqvmafdcegykgvsqsaghhiannvlmrdvigtgdaemkqyainvmgeyniggdgweisrilgkigyhivsvmtgdgtykelksahkadlnlvqchrsinyiaemieikygtpwlkvnfvgiagtieslrntakyfgdetlikrteeviveelkeikesmemykkicegktallfvggsrahhyqgllkelgvetvvagyefghrddyegrdiiphikldadsrnipdlhvekdeknyrvylspeklaelkkemplgqykgliqemedgsyviddlnhfeseellkalkpslfcsgikdkyvaqkmgifskqlhsydysgpyagfkgavifgkdismgmntptwgfitppwkqdallegevieevatc
>Phormidesmis_priestleyi_Ana  coded_by=78114..79559,organism=Phormidesmis priestleyi Ana,definition=molybdenum-iron nitrogenase alpha subunit
mttvedrknligevleaypdkakkqrskhlgtkeenasdcgvksnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmvhlshgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakiideleelfplsqgttiesecpvgligddieavakakaketgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrklpngfesgpydvnivgdyniggdawpsrklledmglrvisqfsgdgsfnevvmaplaklnlihcyrsmnyicrfmeekygigwleynffgpseiaqslrkiaaqfdetiqakaeeviaenearmekiiakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhiipafkdlgmkvigtgyefghaddykrtadyveegtliyddvsgyefeefakklnpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfevfardmdmainnptwaliktpwek
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U29  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U29,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Hyphomicrobium_sp._MC1  coded_by=complement(3518597..3520099),organism=Hyphomicrobium sp. MC1,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslakpesveeikarnkelisevlsvypektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdklspdappkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasffddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkiakapwktpekplliaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlsyysgkaakrrkkhlsvsknkretaeegqvvsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyagttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktevkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwqtvtmpaaagape
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._17.8  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 17.8,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._17.7  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 17.7,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._17.6  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 17.6,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._17.5  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 17.5,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._17.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 17.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._17.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 17.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Methylococcus_capsulatus_str._Bath  coded_by=231399..233081,organism=Methylococcus capsulatus str. Bath,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
msslsskiqdvfnepgcgknqgksekerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsnlwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlyksikeivekydppavfvyqtcvpamigddieavckaaskkfgkpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageaildhvigteepsyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirilccisgdakyrdvacshraraammvcsksminiarkmeerygipffegsfygigdtsdalreiarlliergapaelmertealiareearawaaiepykkrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqesgmevvgtsvkkstkedkerikeimgedahmiddmtpremykmlkeakadimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhhaymgyvgmvelvkeidkalfnpvweqvrkrapweettweeradaalaaeaaalaadpelaraqrraarickckavdrgaiedailayglesveavterthagsgctgctgtiagildgiedwrpapsaepakraa
>Mesorhizobium_loti_NZP2037  coded_by=131769..133274,organism=Mesorhizobium loti NZP2037,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, NifD
mgldyendgalhakliedvlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatskdeaggedkglsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideiedlfplnggisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkndvasesgpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqieaslrniakhfgpdieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtlvyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyrapwkkmkdaplravaae
>Youngiibacter_fragilis_232.1  coded_by=complement(27779..29110),organism=Youngiibacter fragilis 232.1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msttgilterhdsighghgsircdtdsvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhivhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgsdlyrnsfstdlserdivfggaekltraidevcekhhpklifiystcivgvigddvdavcreaekkhgircisvkspgfsgnksygykmaseailelirphsgkpkmrgvnilgdfnlagemwiiqnylrilgipvvskitgdatydsliqapsatlnlvqcagsmtclanqmeeefgipfikvsffgredtttsllrvaealgdeaaiakarafceaqeaeliefenlyrpnlsgkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfntmgietvvvgtqtgkpedyevigqlvrkdciilddanpaeletfmkekganilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalagyegvrnftqeinssinspvwnymevel
>Dehalococcoides_mccartyi_195  coded_by=complement(1054606..1055970),organism=Dehalococcoides mccartyi 195,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mieilkdrkqqvreggkaagfdmvcdtaslagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpvgcaaytwdirgalssgpqlhrmsfstdlrekdvifggekklyrvltelidtyhpkaafvystcivgvigddveavcrtvsrekgidvipvhsegfrgtkkngyqaacqalsrlvgtadtagisklslnilgdfniageiwqikeyyrrmgiqvvstitgdgrvdeirrahgaslnvvqcsgsmmalarmmqekygipylrvsyfgiedmskalyevaeklgdeamlsrtrelvsqevasimpelreyrrklegaralvytggafkvfsmvrslrtlgiktvvagsqtgdkddyrqladlcdedtvllddtnplelakyvqekgvdliiggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkiclagysgmlnfarevytsvcspvwslmprrrlhtggeqt
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_X1  coded_by=920943..922385,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis X1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvlnldtenrkmqdgnndddfdlevkipnsifeklksiealkaresqmcvsgkddsiptcdknstpgmitqrscvyggarvvlmpitdavhlvhgpigcaactwdirgskstgdklykngfstdlqekdivfggekklyesilevnklyhpgaifvystcvvgligddlkavcrqaqeatgcrvipvqsegfksfnktaghklacdamldyvigteepeeehpysiniigefnvagdlwgiiplyekmgvkvhtaitgdstvkkvasahrsklnivqcqkssnylaaqmekkygipsikvnffgldettkslravaeffgdeemikrteelikseiknlrdeiseykkdlsgrtvaiysgahkswalvsafgeldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqqirdhvcegtlivddassmelvqllkeykpdilisgakekylslksgiphcdfnhdritafsgyqgfinfarvvhtavmtpiwrlsrk
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_KA1  coded_by=924894..926336,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis KA1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mvlnldtenrkmqdgnndddfdlevkipnsifeklksiealkaresqmcvsgkddsiptcdknstpgmitqrscvyggarvvlmpitdavhlvhgpigcaactwdirgskstgdklykngfstdlqekdivfggekklyesilevnklyhpgaifvystcvvgligddlkavcrqaqeatgcrvipvqsegfksfnktaghklacdamldyvigteepeeehpysiniigefnvagdlwgiiplyekmgvkvhtaitgdstvkkvasahrsklnivqcqkssnylaaqmekkygipsikvnffgldettkslravaeffgdeemikrteelikseiknlrdeiseykkdlsgrtvaiysgahkswalvsafgeldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqqirdhvcegtlivddassmelvqllkeykpdilisgakekylslksgiphcdfnhdritafsgyqgfinfarvvhtavmtpiwrlsrk
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_OS7  coded_by=901066..902508,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis OS7,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mvlnldtenrkmqdgnndddfdlevkipnsifeklksiealkaresqmcvsgkddsiptcdknstpgmitqrscvyggarvvlmpitdavhlvhgpigcaactwdirgskstgdklykngfstdlqekdivfggekklyesilevnklyhpgaifvystcvvgligddlkavcrqaqeatgcrvipvqsegfksfnktaghklacdamldyvigteepeeehpysiniigefnvagdlwgiiplyekmgvkvhtaitgdstvkkvasahrsklnivqcqkssnylaaqmekkygipsikvnffgldettkslravaeffgdeemikrteelikseiknlrdeiseykkdlsgrtvaiysgahkswalvsafgeldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqqirdhvcegtlivddassmelvqllkeykpdilisgakekylslksgiphcdfnhdritafsgyqgfinfarvvhtavmtpiwrlsrk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hambi2976  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hambi2976,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqiesdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_horonobensis_HB-1  coded_by=complement(829145..830743),organism=Methanosarcina horonobensis HB-1,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeidpgiedkqqlvddmlkvlpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcayftwgtrrnfakaeegednfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpgaisicatcpvgligddiesvareaekehgikiiparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnslmehligteeiksptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivssltgdgsfhkisqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeltrkteetvaeekakyadeieryrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkvivagyqfahrddyegrhiipqiaeralgsiledvhyerdesiepavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemrngtvviddlnhhetealvkalkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfakdidmalhsptwrfvrppwkgevae
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=2137886..2139562,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mstvankiqdvfnepgcdinqgksqkerkkgcskalqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhssssgsqlyrmsfttdmseqdvifggekrlwksikeivekyappavfvyqtcvpamigddidavckkasekfgtpcipvqapgfvgskslgnklggealldhvigtqepdyttpydiniigeynlvgelwqvkplldelgirilasisgdakyhevarshrakaammvcsraminvarkmeerygipffegsfygigdmsdtlrqmaallvkqgapddilarteaviereekkawasiatfrerllgkrvllitggvkswsmvaalqeggmeiagtsvkkstkedkekikeimgqdahmiedmkpremyamlkeakadimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhyayagyvgmvelvrqidkalsnpvwqqvrtaapwdevswetradeanaaeaaalaanaeakakadrakilcncngvetgfvediirankltraedvaayvkigtgckscaphldallkrindtdvvpantnkaa
>Frankia_sp._CeD  coded_by=21999..23459,organism=Frankia sp. CeD,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtttpapikaeteamiaevlsnypaktakfrakhlkandpdgskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdivnishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvnnfaamqfttdfqekdivfggdpkletvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkaskklelpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggntfkqtpydvaligdyniggdawasrkileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwtefnffgptkivdsmrkiaaffddeikqkteaaiaryqvrfdeitnafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtypalaegvvlyddptafeleefakrlkpdlmgxgvkekyvfhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainsptwdlmetpwskagevf
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraetvigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgage
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae  coded_by=3505665..3507038,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfgpaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtealiareeraaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfidinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Geobacter_metallireducens_RCH3  coded_by=25848..27293,organism=Geobacter metallireducens RCH3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskairnidgitkastqemidkvlevypekgrkkraphlapndqascsacvksnkktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgklgvdqfgmqftsdfqekdivyggdkklkvllkeakelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavaktsakeldipiipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdyiietrefaepvgpydialigeyniggdawstkplleecgfnvkavwtgdgemekiaathqvrlnvihcyrsmnymckvmeekygipwielnffgptkireslrklaelfddtikekveaviakydpqmqavieevrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtigayedlgmlcvgsgyefahtddydrtapempdatvvyddaselemeqfahvlkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgykgfpifardidmainsptwnlvrspy
>Geobacter_metallireducens_GS-15  coded_by=725802..727247,organism=Geobacter metallireducens GS-15,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
mskairnidgitkastqemidkvlevypekgrkkraphlapndqascsacvksnkktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgklgvdqfgmqftsdfqekdivyggdkklkvllkeakelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavaktsakeldipiipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdyiietrefaepvgpydialigeyniggdawstkplleecgfnvkavwtgdgemekiaathqvrlnvihcyrsmnymckvmeekygipwielnffgptkireslrklaelfddtikekveaviakydpqmqavieevrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtigayedlgmlcvgsgyefahtddydrtapempdatvvyddaselemeqfahvlkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgykgfpifardidmainsptwnlvrspy
>Gluconacetobacter_johannae  coded_by=480..1979,organism=Gluconacetobacter johannae,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
msldedktndsafharliaevleaypdkarkrrqkhlnvaghaeaeaqdagedgvmlgecdvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigntgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideidelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkkkeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdgedkhaafettpydvnvigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwteynffgpsqiaaslrkiaalfdekiqegaerviakyqplvdaviekfrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhavnayndldmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwslfkapwknaa
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_WSM1325  coded_by=312617..314059,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii WSM1325,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssietqmrdasgevfrttetketchnasqgsaagggcafdgakvvlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgpvlwrtsfttdlteldivtgdserkllkaireikegyapaaifvygtcvteligddidavcrhaaqrfsipvvpvkspgfggsknlgnrlageallehvigtveaddpglydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryaqvasahrsraammvcstalinvarkmeerwnipffegsfygisstseslrriaqllvkkgagfallhhvetllaeeeegawrklevyrrrlegkrvhlntggvkswsivhalieigmeivgtsvrkstardkerikqmlkdenhlhqsmaaselyamlrehkpdimlsggrtqfvaleakipwldvnqerqhayagydgmvelarqidlairnpvwaqlrepapwkqfvttvrsaepsnneicrrgdrwfplr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._97CAP8SAPT  coded_by=<1..>792,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 97CAP8SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
rakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfg
>Desulfosporosinus_sp._OT  coded_by=complement(4576..5943),organism=Desulfosporosinus sp. OT,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnltkldlkdkkcmsdagspklcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlyrrglttdimendviyggeaklkeaileiaarhnpkaifvyatcvssligddvdkicreaeagltipviavncpgflgdknignriagevlfdrvigtgvgsdekiplsinligeyniagdlwgvlpdlknlgitlqtaitgdakfddlrsahraslnvlicsksltnlvrkmeirygipfmegsfygihdtsetlvniakalgdpdlvertlvyvqkkeeetrktiaeykkllenkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpedfqrmkelmdpsaqiiedtssagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyqgmvtfaesltrtvlspvwgllkqefppkegeldg
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=2976836..2978176,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=hypothetical protein
mskvierpryvcalggaigtiqslpraipilhsssgcggnlagalsgasgynggnycggqalpssnvserdivfggegrlqeqientlkvmdgdlyfvvtgcmvemigdnvhavtkrfkggdlpvlaaetvsfkgnsyygyelvletlfrdfvekttekdaktvnlwgvvpmqdvfwkgnlgvlknllkklgietntffgqgetldnlknaakaslnivvsdaygieaakvfeevhgvpyltvqlpvgdhgtsrflrtvgktlgvddikiekliqeerkayypylerladvyndldfqryatvvgdpnytqaltrfladdlgwlpelvvitdilaeeqkervlatfgeyesglrpeivfdedassvggyinrhwpqnqgqkyykgfapgvilgsvmerdtaeqfkvpllsvtypisnrvvlnrayagytggltlaedvlslvvahr
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=1198007..1199470,organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleytndaelsqkaieevleaypekaakkrkkhlgtivaegegsscgvksnvkaipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyftgqvgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideikglfplvrgisiqsecpigligddieavarkkakdvglpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfsrdsesafettpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdatiaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekhgvpwmeynffgpsqiekslraiaanfdetiqkkaeeviaahrptvdavinkykarlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvmtayedlgmqicgagyefahsddyqrtteyakegtliyddltgyelerfieklrpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwallkapwtkaaae
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=1198007..1199470,organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleytndaelsqkaieevleaypekaakkrkkhlgtivaegegsscgvksnvkaipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyftgqvgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideikglfplvrgisiqsecpigligddieavarkkakdvglpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfsrdsesafettpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdatiaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekhgvpwmeynffgpsqiekslraiaanfdetiqkkaeeviaahrptvdavinkykarlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvmtayedlgmqicgagyefahsddyqrtteyakegtliyddltgyelerfieklrpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwallkapwtkaaae
>Clostridium_homopropionicum_DSM_5847  coded_by=complement(70743..72113),organism=Clostridium homopropionicum DSM 5847,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mksfesgsklkheiindknlikerqgfvcynskgdnskircdadsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpiadafhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgpetyrnsfstdirendvifggekklaaaideivekfspkvifvystcivgvigddveavckqaeikhsirvisvkspgfagnksmgykaacnalielmednngeeidgvnflgdfnlagemwiiqdylkqmginvvakitgdgrceeiknapkakfnivqcagsmtylaknmeslyripyikvsffgvedtklslmmiaeatgnknivrraeeliekmekelgnkldfyreklkgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfkdlgmetvmvgtqtgkeddyevirnisdegtiilddsnpyelekfikekeadilvggvkerplayklgvgfcdhnherkiplcgfqgalnfakeihltvnspiwdml
>Brenneria_goodwinii  coded_by=2716443..2718011,organism=Brenneria goodwinii,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) alpha chain
mpyhefdcskciperkqhavvkgpdedltsalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkekhivfgaegvlkkniieafdahptikrmtiyqtcasaligddiaavaqdvmderpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepkitsdhvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhgahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfgplsdslkkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpeldwykarlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihdemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceagalaiddpnelesleamyklkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlaqldisqdeipteqgfvtaqmlsdtglsdevrnapdlreysggfdsvsklrdreypvfaaqsavaaee
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._phym.6a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. phym.6a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkvnpeakpafestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Phormidium_sp._OSCR  coded_by=complement(5175..6836),organism=Phormidium sp. OSCR,definition=molybdenum-iron nitrogenase alpha subunit
mtdtartqtdlerqiaqtsqevmdapspidqnttqtavkdiveaypakvgkkrakhivvrdpnqpeqtidanvrttpgiitqrgcafagckgvvvgpigdvvhivhgpvgcsyyswlirrnqfrarangrnfvnycfttdltehdivfggmtklrqaiqeaydifqppaitvhstcpvgligddiqgvsremseklgisivafncegykgvsqsaghhianngffknwvgtheeaeevegytvnlmgeyniggdsweiervlekcgieviskfsgdgsydeateshlaklnlvmchrsinymadmmetkfgipwikvnfigvnafakslrkiaevfddpklterietviaeevaeteaqlatyrerltgktvflfvggsrahhyqelfadlgmktvvagyefahrddyegrdalpnikvdadsrnieeihvkqdperykrpfseeafakmeenktlkdykgmmpdmgegtlvvdnishheldvlierfkpdligsgikdkyiieklgipckqlhnydyggpfagfrgavnfakdvdlrvntpvwkyvkapwln
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8802  coded_by=1849921..1851333,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8802,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltkgkinelltqpgcehnhnkegqgknksctqqaqpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgsiacsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendvifggekklyqaiaqlvkryhpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatkkyetpiipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtrepefttdfdinligeynvagemwgvlplfeklgirvlakitgdaryeevcyahraklnlmicskalinmatamqerygipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaeyfgdaalkerveqlieeettkldlalapyrerlkgkrvvlytggvkswsvvsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkakirellgkdgimlekgsptellrvveqtkadllvaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareldeavhspiwrlvrqpspwdiwqqehesllnleae
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8801  coded_by=1875290..1876702,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8801,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltkgkinelltqpgcehnhnkegqgknksctqqaqpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgsiacsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendvifggekklyqaiaqlvkryhpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatkkyetpiipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtrepefttdfdinligeynvagemwgvlplfeklgirvlakitgdaryeevcyahraklnlmicskalinmatamqerygipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaeyfgdaalkerveqlieeettkldlalapyrerlkgkrvvlytggvkswsvvsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkakirellgkdgimlekgsptellrvveqtkadllvaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareldeavhspiwrlvrqpspwdiwqqehesllnleae
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgrpeadgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._WSM2596  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. WSM2596,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqvgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cp1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cp1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklikvmdeieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Nostoc_sp._'Peltigera_malacea_(AccDB3992(UBC))_cyanobiont'  coded_by=740..>2307,organism=Nostoc sp. 'Peltigera malacea (AccDB3992(UBC)) cyanobiont',definition=vnfDG
mpmklfkcdetiperekhiyikekgedttqflpsahvetipgslsergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdngnfqlkyvwssdmkeqhvvfggekllkkamleafaefpdikrmmvyttcstaligddikpvvkevekelgdvdiftvecpgfagvsqskghhvfnmgwmtdkvgtyepeitspytinvigdyniqgdtfvmekymekmgiqiiahftgngtydslrgmhraqlnvtncarsagyianelkkkygipridvdtwgfdyakeglrkigaffgiedraeaviaeevakyesklewykerlsgkkvciwtggprlwhwtxaleddlgmhvvamsskfghqedfekviargeegtiyiddgneleffevlemvkpdlvltgprvgalvkklhlpyvnghgyhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiysplmnlaksdirgqqnlpstngngngkatkelseevvsliqqqvxeatsxvkqxxkexxxevkqlvkevapqvq
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaersddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpxrqmhs
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._MCOC04  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. MCOC04,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkcapetspkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_10-5250  coded_by=336235..337608,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca 10-5250,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagdvmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqllldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlrqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwreqlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyqgivtlarqlcqtinspiwpqthsrapwr
>Methanosarcina_sp._WH1  coded_by=complement(881625..883085),organism=Methanosarcina sp. WH1,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqtiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrssfstdmkeidivfggeeklsnaidelagiyhppvifvystcivgiigddldsvcktasqkhnipvlpvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeeetaekkpgvnpkirkpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsmtgdstaksitraaeadlnlvqcsgsmaylakwmqkeygipyqtisffgiedisialrktaeyfdseemkkiaeeiletetnrimpdisrirerikgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvmefegfdgfvnfarevdasinspvwkavrqrtlepeslkpgylhsksdaaveshv
>Methanosarcina_sp._WWM596  coded_by=complement(957647..959107),organism=Methanosarcina sp. WWM596,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqtiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrssfstdmkeidivfggeeklsnaidelagiyhppvifvystcivgiigddldsvcktasqkhnipvlpvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeeetaekkpgvnpkirkpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsmtgdstaksitraaeadlnlvqcsgsmaylakwmqkeygipyqtisffgiedisialrktaeyfdseemkkiaeeiletetnrimpdisrirerikgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvmefegfdgfvnfarevdasinspvwkavrqrtlepeslkpgylhsksdaaveshv
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=complement(3065615..3067216),organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkvldqvlevypaktfknrkkhiliksndepnpviqanvrtvpgimtnrgccyagckgvvlgpvkdmvhithgpigcayytwatrrnkakaedggqnfleytfstdmqekdivfggveklkqaikeavdlfhpkavgiyatcpvgligddinavaqeatkeygiqvlafncegykgvsqsaghhiannnilesvvgrgkkpleqkkfsinmlgeyniggdaweiervlekigynvvgrfsgdgtydrleqsyvadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmeirygipwvkvnfigvestietlrnmakcfndpgltrrteevieeeleaiseeisfykdklhgktaclfvggsrahhyqklledlgiktilagyefghrddyegreviptikldadtrnipeltvekdeeryriiipperyetlkeeipfeyyggmikdmdegaivvddlnhheteqfikllkpdmffsgikdkyviqkmgvvskqlhsydysgpyagfrgaavfardlaagvftpawgyvtppwrkepllegqivggek
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=complement(3134113..3135714),organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifD10
mkkvldqvlevypaktfknrkkhiliksndepnpviqanvrtvpgimtnrgccyagckgvvlgpvkdmvhithgpigcayytwatrrnkakaedggqnfleytfstdmqekdivfggveklkqaikeavdlfhpkavgiyatcpvgligddinavaqeatkeygiqvlafncegykgvsqsaghhiannnilesvvgrgkkpleqkkfsinmlgeyniggdaweiervlekigynvvgrfsgdgtydrleqsyvadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmeirygipwvkvnfigvestietlrnmakcfndpgltrrteevieeeleaiseeisfykdklhgktaclfvggsrahhyqklledlgiktilagyefghrddyegreviptikldadtrnipeltvekdeeryriiipperyetlkeeipfeyyggmikdmdegaivvddlnhheteqfikllkpdmffsgikdkyviqkmgvvskqlhsydysgpyagfrgaavfardlaagvftpawgyvtppwrkepllegqivggek
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._stg1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. stg1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cng8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cng8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cng5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cng5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._stg22  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. stg22,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rbc6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rbc6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dbc1b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dbc1b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._bbc1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. bbc1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._bbc2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. bbc2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4927800..4929137),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mtyierprfscalggalstisalprvvpivhatsgcganlfgaymggsgfwgsgycggssvptsgitendivfggssrlneqiettlemidadlflvttgcmteiigddveavlrnfkdskipilsietggfrgnsyngyegvleklfndysnentkkrknlvnifglipasdpffrgdlveikrlleklglevntfftndqtinnlrnasgallnivlsrtygisvaesfkekhgipyyvseipigptataeflrdisklleidnkkvealikqenenyykyierisdvyadsdfqhyaivvgnanntlsitkflyedlgwipkfsvitdelddnqkavlndrfeklnvdkeikliyqtdaskieehltniievqksekyhdalsplfilgsswekdfankvgakilsvsypilnraildrgyagyngglhlvedlldviftgr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._swc5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. swc5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._i2y.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. i2y.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._it1.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. it1.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aiy4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aiy4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Albi6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Albi6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lop2.4b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lop2.4b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pp3a.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pp3a.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._is7.9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. is7.9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._is5.9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. is5.9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ie3.5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ie3.5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._swc28  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. swc28,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8801  coded_by=328..1737,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8801,definition=NifE
mkltkgkinelltqpgcehnhnkegqgktnlvpnrlnlaqhkggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgsiacsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendvifggekklyqaiaqlvkryhpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatkkyetpiipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtrepefttdfdinligeynvagemwgvlplfeklgirvlakitgdaryevcyahraklnlmicskalinmatamqerygipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaeyfgdaalkerveqlieeettkldlalapyrerlkgkrvvlytggvkswsvvsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkakirellgkdgimlekgsptellrvveqtkadllvaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareldeavhspiwrlvrqpspwdiwqqehesllnleae
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=3645640..3646953,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mqcaecqspiissilstikdsvviihsplgcassfvdfnlkfkmglkkrglpiknaklissnitemdvilgideklqkainkaiktlnpkvifitascgsgttaldiqnvidsiqdnyliplitvtcelynsktwgsgfnskkaggfnklikgihkeekfynvinfsgnddikeilnkipvkwnhiscytdyeclekmgsaqgtllisadrfskyianwlkeefdipyinkilpygieptkmffhqinswfgeeiscdeivsceekkylnmlneienklhnirclpiimghgyeknilimlkelnieiidydsdyemlfdnstipffkkdmngslygldgvklsfnqayvlinsishinpdllivkhyslrswgarmgistlwienelefygykgmlkfaqklldlinnrnfvenikkhatlpyqkcwmkenllkkv
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=3714138..3715451,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein, alpha chain
mqcaecqspiissilstikdsvviihsplgcassfvdfnlkfkmglkkrglpiknaklissnitemdvilgideklqkainkaiktlnpkvifitascgsgttaldiqnvidsiqdnyliplitvtcelynsktwgsgfnskkaggfnklikgihkeekfynvinfsgnddikeilnkipvkwnhiscytdyeclekmgsaqgtllisadrfskyianwlkeefdipyinkilpygieptkmffhqinswfgeeiscdeivsceekkylnmlneienklhnirclpiimghgyeknilimlkelnieiidydsdyemlfdnstipffkkdmngslygldgvklsfnqayvlinsishinpdllivkhyslrswgarmgistlwienelefygykgmlkfaqklldlinnrnfvenikkhatlpyqkcwmkenllkkv
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=3879106..3880479,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactorbiosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagdvmvkrvigqrepapwpestpftpeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlrqrtealiareeqaaeqalqpwreqlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyqgivtlarqlcqtinspiwpqthsrapwr
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=1436974..1438449,organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mseinlqipavpiretrlgsitgfqgsaaelvkssrcglrdrdrsfsqclgcstsqaacmvilvqdsavishgpvgcsscfhefaftyrvnsplrgvdrpgqrkifstnlqetdtvfggnqkladgirevyertrphvifvlntcaagiigddvesvcdeaeeelgipvvaiycegfrskvwttgfdasyhgiarklikparekrsdvinvinfwgsdvfgewfaafgarpnyitpystveslarsseaaatvqacptlgsylgaaleqefavpevkaappygiaqtdrwfrelgkvlhkereaeelikakkaeflpqiealrsrlagktayvtggaahghallsvlgelgvqakgasifhhdplydngseesdllaqrvrdygdvpnfnvcnkqefelvntlsrlrpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipslligdehysmgyegivrygeriletlendefvqnlarhainpytkwwlsqdpytfltggeer
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=5073..6524,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=Klebsiella pneumoniae DNA for nif gene cluster
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpkmksvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpagcgqysraerrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllyigglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._da1.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. da1.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaqvideiqglfplnhgitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkltpeterrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmedkfgip
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=complement(3131337..3132671),organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifE3
menrveiiedrkefvcyniknkdmklrceensasgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcaaytwdlrgsltsgselfrnsfstdlsemdvvfggekklvgaideivkefhpkvifvyatcivgvigddvdsvckmaekkhsmrvipvkspgfsgnksmgyraacdaimkligekkkvekihginylgdfnlagevwvvtgylkkigidvvanitgdgryddiikapqaklnivqcagsmgymakqmeesygipfiktsfvgiedsensliqiaglmgneetvkkaeelikfekqkikndmnyyrsrlygkkaaiyvgggykaislirqfrdlgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevlkqitkegtvilddanpselekfmvekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilagfegavnfakeidltinspvwnyi
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=complement(3062839..3064173),organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
menrveiiedrkefvcyniknkdmklrceensasgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcaaytwdlrgsltsgselfrnsfstdlsemdvvfggekklvgaideivkefhpkvifvyatcivgvigddvdsvckmaekkhsmrvipvkspgfsgnksmgyraacdaimkligekkkvekihginylgdfnlagevwvvtgylkkigidvvanitgdgryddiikapqaklnivqcagsmgymakqmeesygipfiktsfvgiedsensliqiaglmgneetvkkaeelikfekqkikndmnyyrsrlygkkaaiyvgggykaislirqfrdlgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevlkqitkegtvilddanpselekfmvekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilagfegavnfakeidltinspvwnyi
>Methylacidiphilum_infernorum_V4  coded_by=complement(1744808..1746187),organism=Methylacidiphilum infernorum V4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein NifE
mnalsakiqevfqepacqknlsksdkerkkgctkilqpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgpllyrlgfttdmnemdviyggekklfkaikeaierykppavfvyntcipaligddleavckaakekfgvpvvpvqspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigteepeittpfdiniigeynlagelwqvkplfdklgiriaacisgdsrykeiaschraraamlvcskaminiarkmeerygipffegsfygisdmsealrniarllvqrgapeellsrteilirheeqkawqrmerykkklsgkrvllitggvkswsvvsalqevgmivvgtsvkkstaedkerikkimgeeahliedmtpkemykmlkeaqadillsggrsqfvalkakvpwldinqerhhayagyegmvnlvdqidralsnpvwkvvktaapwd
>Oscillochloris_trichoides_DG6  coded_by=complement(8471..9916),organism=Oscillochloris trichoides DG6,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mtmqfkcnetlpergthialkvagggcqrgdgtscgivsnsattpgdmtergctyagcrgvvggpvkdaiqlthgpigcaffswgyrphladtdfhmkytfvsdmnetnivfggekkllqsiieasrefpeakavfvyntcstaligddgrdvakqaeaiigkpvvffecegfkgvsqsmghhvgnetifrqlvgsaepegdfsrtinivgdynikndirtfeylfeaiglkiitrftgnvgvdelrimhkaalnvihcqrsatyiadmmhdkygtpainvtlwgikhmsqalrdtakffgleaeaeavierelakiqpkidyyrerlkgktvfiyqggprtwhwiellrelgmetmtaattfgheddyekifdqlaegammidnpnvpeieeiltkrrpdlfisgnkekylayklgvpfvnghtydtgpyagfigmvnfardidkalhapiwgtlrnkarpapaahhsahgfahgfeead
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>793,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklniciatvpct
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_227  coded_by=complement(1348899..1350296),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 227,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
mplklfccdeciperqnhvyikeegedttqylplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaikeafkefpkikrmfvyttcttaligddpkavcreveeelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeikseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqryfdkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfdyikvalrkigaffgledkaeeviadevakyegklnwykerlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevldnihadiiftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmyngiyspmwslagkdprvvqel
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_MS  coded_by=1785046..1786443,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri MS,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
mplklfccdeciperqnhvyikeegedttqylplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaikeafkefpkikrmfvyttcttaligddpkavcreveeelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeikseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqryfdkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfdyikvalrkigaffgledkaeeviadevakyegklnwykerlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevldnihadiiftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmyngiyspmwslagkdprvvqel
>Paenibacillus_sp._IHB_B_3415  coded_by=complement(31665..33122),organism=Paenibacillus sp. IHB B 3415,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglnieenkklveevleaypkkakkdrekhfqvatdnaidcgtcavksniksrpgvmtprgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslraiaalfdatiqencermiakykpvmdaiihkfrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmlqegtiimddptayeleeltqrmnidlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkvfakdmdmtvnspvwdlvtrkskiqpeeasi
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=<1..1067,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mcirdryrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlsyysgkaakrrkkhlsvsknkreiaeegqvvsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyagttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktevkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwrtvtmpaaagape
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(65898..67367),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
malrldipesqsreqrlgsitgyhgtfknlinqgcsgcltnkkrcfstasscshthavnqlaaikdvvvvdhapagcssgminfsinrnrvnfnksgekkhlvvvssnmkesdtifggikklknaireayrrhkpkaiyvstsctssiigddvnsvvqemseelgivvgyaasegikskiwasgfdaychavantiikvpkekkntinyiaftridrermdyyieklglkvvyitgnssiedyerasksiasfgqcgaqssylagaleqlfgikyfqshlpfggigferfymdiakfvkkediakevirqyrekyenelnyiknklkgktafvalgasyafeytrilrelgvkvlhtvayhydpkldnqsddlvaaakdaeefdydmeisvndaqqfetyllvknnepdfivsrahgasvwgvkmgipaieakislevfgydglvafgrtvvnelennnfvkklgrryvspftnkfesskpqsylmevk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(1797374..1798843),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase
malrldipesqsreqrlgsitgyhgtfknlinqgcsgcltnkkrcfstasscshthavnqlaaikdvvvvdhapagcssgminfsinrnrvnfnksgekkhlvvvssnmkesdtifggikklknaireayrrhkpkaiyvstsctssiigddvnsvvqemseelgivvgyaasegikskiwasgfdaychavantiikvpkekkntinyiaftridrermdyyieklglkvvyitgnssiedyerasksiasfgqcgaqssylagaleqlfgikyfqshlpfggigferfymdiakfvkkediakevirqyrekyenelnyiknklkgktafvalgasyafeytrilrelgvkvlhtvayhydpkldnqsddlvaaakdaeefdydmeisvndaqqfetyllvknnepdfivsrahgasvwgvkmgipaieakislevfgydglvafgrtvvnelennnfvkklgrryvspftnkfesskpqsylmevk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1626447..1627916,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
malrldipesqsreqrlgsitgyhgtfknlinqgcsgcltnkkrcfstasscshthavnqlaaikdvvvvdhapagcssgminfsinrnrvnfnksgekkhlvvvssnmkesdtifggikklknaireayrrhkpkaiyvstsctssiigddvnsvvqemseelgivvgyaasegikskiwasgfdaychavantiikvpkekkntinyiaftridrermdyyieklglkvvyitgnssiedyerasksiasfgqcgaqssylagaleqlfgikyfqshlpfggigferfymdiakfvkkediakevirqyrekyenelnyiknklkgktafvalgasyafeytrilrelgvkvlhtvayhydpkldnqsddlvaaakdaeefdydmeisvndaqqfetyllvknnepdfivsrahgasvwgvkmgipaieakislevfgydglvafgrtvvnelennnfvkklgrryvspftnkfesskpqsylmevk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1626447..1627916,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
malrldipesqsreqrlgsitgyhgtfknlinqgcsgcltnkkrcfstasscshthavnqlaaikdvvvvdhapagcssgminfsinrnrvnfnksgekkhlvvvssnmkesdtifggikklknaireayrrhkpkaiyvstsctssiigddvnsvvqemseelgivvgyaasegikskiwasgfdaychavantiikvpkekkntinyiaftridrermdyyieklglkvvyitgnssiedyerasksiasfgqcgaqssylagaleqlfgikyfqshlpfggigferfymdiakfvkkediakevirqyrekyenelnyiknklkgktafvalgasyafeytrilrelgvkvlhtvayhydpkldnqsddlvaaakdaeefdydmeisvndaqqfetyllvknnepdfivsrahgasvwgvkmgipaieakislevfgydglvafgrtvvnelennnfvkklgrryvspftnkfesskpqsylmevk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(68325..69794),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase
malrldipesqsreqrlgsitgyhgtfknlinqgcsgcltnkkrcfstasscshthavnqlaaikdvvvvdhapagcssgminfsinrnrvnfnksgekkhlvvvssnmkesdtifggikklknaireayrrhkpkaiyvstsctssiigddvnsvvqemseelgivvgyaasegikskiwasgfdaychavantiikvpkekkntinyiaftridrermdyyieklglkvvyitgnssiedyerasksiasfgqcgaqssylagaleqlfgikyfqshlpfggigferfymdiakfvkkediakevirqyrekyenelnyiknklkgktafvalgasyafeytrilrelgvkvlhtvayhydpkldnqsddlvaaakdaeefdydmeisvndaqqfetyllvknnepdfivsrahgasvwgvkmgipaieakislevfgydglvafgrtvvnelennnfvkklgrryvspftnkfesskpqsylmevk
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_110  coded_by=1911042..1912685,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 110,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens_SEMIA_5080  coded_by=complement(70243..71886),organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens SEMIA 5080,definition=putative Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein, NifE
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=32557..34200,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifE
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_SEMIA_5079  coded_by=9507481..9509124,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum SEMIA 5079,definition=NifE, ntrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens_SEMIA_5080  coded_by=complement(24715..26358),organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens SEMIA 5080,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_6  coded_by=complement(8341807..8343450),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=3911..5554,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(24818..26461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(8373671..8375314),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=4117..5760,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=8403..9767,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=NifE
mekrisnslleeredfvcfkeghnkksmkcdgdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgenlyrnsfstdlseqdvifggekkliaaiegimenhnpklifvyatcivgvigddvkavckmaeekynvpvipvmspgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfsrnilpkrkginmlgdfnlageiwivkeylkkigvdvistitgdssyaklvkassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemdipfvkisfvgledtknsllriaslfgdeemlakakafvkeeeekimpilekykenlkgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtvmvgtqtgkkddyevinslvkdgtvvlddanpselekfmieqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfvgavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvkeseenegi
>Achromatium_sp._WMS3  coded_by=16919..18595,organism=Achromatium sp. WMS3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mseqikteatslpdptqvreimlepypaktkrkrakqvlvndpetppkigansrtvpgiitqrgctyagcrgvvmgpvydllqivhgpvgcgfyawlsrrnlarpdtgesnflqycmntdmqeeqivfggekklkqaiqeaydifkpkaiailstcpvgligddihsvaremkkklginiigfscegykgvsqsaghhiannevfkhiigqddttdtakytinilgeyniggdaweidallkkcgihvtatlsgdvnygqlarchtamlntvmchrsinyiaemmekkfgipwikinflgaestakslrkiaqyfgdpelqtrveeviatemtalqpvrdevaakhrgkkvalfvggsrahhyqdlfedigmkvvsagyefahrddyegrhvlptikidadsrnieelhveadperytprisaerrtelvkeglsfseyegmmaqmkkdtlviddishyeieklieiykpdlvcsgikdkfviekmgvpckqlhsydyggpyasfsgaanfyrevdrmlstkiwkfvvppwekepqleanfvhnvrikdtkketkkaa
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_str._Hildenborough  coded_by=complement(11959..13665),organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris str. Hildenborough,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE domain protein
mapatppatppatppapasdglleerrgqvhragqgpidlacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpvgcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlgerdiifggepkleaaldelitrhapkaafvyatcivgligddigavckrvaarhgipvlpvqsegfkgnkregyeaacaamftltgtgatdgigpasvnilgdfnlagelwiirgylermgvqvvanitgdgrvddlrrchgaalnlvqcsgatmplarmmreaygtptlrvsylgiedmadslynvaehfrevcpgivertrdlvreeiatlmprlrqlrrdlegkraaiyvggafkafslikafrhlgmqvalvgsqtgtdedyreleaicdpgtiivddanalelahfvrtldvdifvggvkerpiahklgigfcdhnherkialagfegmynfarevhasvtspvwrftprsrfpaaarpegdghancpagdedadcperdghancpegdgqadnpadradrhlgadapaherdghpanpagdgdadcpanpaghaphdlftegnateggahhgrp
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_ATCC_10988  coded_by=complement(1527724..1529178),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis ATCC 10988,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdnrlkakvislfnepacaknvakgkkerrkgcgkpltpgataggcafdgskivlqpitdvihivhgplacegngwdnrqstssgstlyrngittdltqmdiimgtgekrlykairnaaerfnppaifvyvtcvpaligddveavckhaaqklnipvipvnspgfigtknlgnklagetlfdhvigtmepeqssdtdiniigeynlsgelwqikplfdqlgirvhscitgdaryrdvasahrsrvnmmvcsaalinlarkmeekwgipffegsfygieetsrslrkiakllvkggtaadlidrtealieaeekrcwerlepyrqrlqgkrvflytggvkswsivsalqqtgieivgtsvrkstetdkekikklmgsdahmiekipprdiynrlkageadimlsggrtqfialkakipwvdinqerhkayagysgilalvqdidctlsnpvwqevrqpapweegweapeiddlfddnhlfneras
>Methanotorris_formicicus_Mc-S-70  coded_by=876..2354,organism=Methanotorris formicicus Mc-S-70,definition=Nitrogenase
mtskaiedfkitsfkitlkkdglprcstkttpgvitqrscvyygarwilapikntihvvhgpvgcayygayvrkknymvvssdanevdiiyggeeklfntiiesakelkgdvifvyvtcptalngddvegvcrraektlkipvipvycpgfcgyhqskgheigmmalfrlidkepldektddiinekyeerkktivrlatrlkknhkiknyplrynhikkvekshnnkedykyavniigefdvaddlkvikdllsklgikvictftgdcdvknimeskkaklnlihcratgkhianymeekygipqlkvsffgitntqkslldigkffgiedkvvrlineeykriekelnyyleklenkrvgifmggskigmlssafrdmgmdvvvvgsqfgsledyleaymnvdedtvliddasnidlqllmenkrpdifvggtkekflslkvgipfisfpqddypftgfvgflnfakevyrniyhpiwkmiefnmgcflk
>Desulfocarbo_indianensis  coded_by=complement(429419..431059),organism=Desulfocarbo indianensis,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mpaknsklarptparlkeeilkkyppkvarkrakqilinealendtpeitanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdasapdahnymtycfstdmqdkdiifggekkleqaiqeaydlfhpkgiaifatcpvgligddihavaakmkrklgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfrhlvgqndepkpgeykisllgeyniggdgfeidrilkkcgitniatfsgnssydqfasahtadlnavmchrsinyvadmleikfgipwvkvnfigaeatskslrkiaqyfgerklidrveeviaeelppvkavaeevrprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmqtisagyefahrddyegrhvlpnlqvdadsrnieeievhpdesrhnprkseaemtelteaglkfkeydgmipdmnpgamviddlnqyeaekmvemlkpdifcagikekfsiqklgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfrgavnfyheidrlvnsrvwgymkapwqenpelsatyvwe
>Dechlorosoma_suillum_PS  coded_by=553295..554752,organism=Dechlorosoma suillum PS,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msalqqkvasvleepgcatnqakgekerkagckkqltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdsrhtlssgshiyrtgfttdmnemdvvyggekklyraikeiidkydppavfvyqtclpamigddieavckaaaakfgkpvipvnapgfvgsknlgnklggealldyvigtrepeyttpcdinligeynvvgelwqvkplfdelgirilatisgdgryndiatahkaraaimlcsqalinvarkmeerygipffegsfygvsdmsdalrkisallvrqggpadlperaealiareeakawarlepykarlkgkrvllftggvkswsvvaalqevgmeivgtsmrkttandrekvkeimgtdahmfdelppremyrmlrdsqadvmlsggrsqfvalkaktpwveinqerhhalagydgivnlvdeidkalynpvwqqvrqpapwerpdweqdleewqscnqeecagevchg
>Serratia_sp._ATCC_39006  coded_by=complement(290862..292310),organism=Serratia sp. ATCC 39006,definition=Nitrogenase
mtnatseqnqaiiqevleifpekarkdrkkhtmvtepgmesvgscivsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdiahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgtsgvdtfgtinftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklieelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavakasrqtlgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldnregkpfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilieemglrvvaqwagdgtlvementpkvkmnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaahfddtirqnaeaviarhqaradaiiqkyrprlegrnvllylgglrprhvigayedlgmeiigtgyefghsddydrtlpelkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfavfardmdmtlnnpswseltapwlksa
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW2  coded_by=53725..55293,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW2,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msealkskiaavlnepgcatnatktdvlrkkgctkqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpivdvahlvhapaacwsngwdnrssassgselyrkgfttdlseldivmghgekklyrairevieaeapaavfvyatcvtaligddldavckaatakwgtpcipvnvpgfagsknlgnklggealldhvigtlepetttpydvniigdynlsgelwqvkplldklgirilgsiagdarykqvamahrakvtmlvcsqalinvarkmqerygipyfegsfygisdtsqslrkmcellveqgapkdllnrcevliareeakawaalkpfrprvagrkvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgmevigtsmrkatandrdrvieimgddkhmyenmapremyqmlrdagadvllsggrsqfvalkalvpwvdvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpmwadlrapapwdapltgsvvpapsgacpvtgisapmgrapvlvpqqaaaaplapaaapglaamtnsatdfedc
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=complement(31679..33154),organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msltienaqpvnvkernkalikevlqvypekaakkrekhlnlyeagksdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqfttdfqerdivfggdkklakaleelqelfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavakakskdfggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvlekmagkkeefvstpydvaiigdyniggdswasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgslkelertpkvklnilhcyrsmnyisrymeekfgipwveynffgptkiaeslrkiasffddkikegaekviakyqpmvdaviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgfefekfvealqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgfpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmtaapwktkq
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=1391..2866,organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msltienaqpvnvkernkalikevlqvypekaakkrekhlnlyeagksdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqfttdfqerdivfggdkklakaleelqelfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavakakskdfggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvlekmagkkeefvstpydvaiigdyniggdswasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgslkelertpkvklnilhcyrsmnyisrymeekfgipwveynffgptkiaeslrkiasffddkikegaekviakyqpmvdaviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgfefekfvealqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgfpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmtaapwktkq
>Desulfovibrio_sp._A2  coded_by=151198..152622,organism=Desulfovibrio sp. A2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mttatapnvtataecrdadllderkkqvhragqgpidmacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqekdvifggekklaaaldelidlhqpkaafvystcivgligddlgavcrkmsekkgipvipvqsegfkgnkregylaackamfqlvgtaptddvsplsvnilgdfnlageiwivrgylermgiqvvanitgdgrvddirrchgaalnlvqcsgstmdlakmmkekygtphlrvsylgiedmadslyavaehfesvdpgivertrdlvrdelaalmprlrdirrdltgkraaiyvggsfkafslikafrhigmnvvlvgsqtgtqeeyqeletvcdpgtviiddanplelshyvreldvdvfvggvkerpiahklgvgfcdhnherkialagfegmynfarevhasvmspvwrfvprrarratvpagada
>Thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum_M0795  coded_by=complement(1532280..1533761),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum M0795,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mskvnievsevqvrevrlgsitgfegtaselvrcshsgkikectrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmiqdaavvnhapigcsndffsfnftyrvgqmernlpptngryfstdireedtifgatkkledtvrevfnrvhpnaifittscasgiigddvekvaddlteelgipivacfcegfksriwttgfdsayhsivrkivkpprkktnkvniinfwgshifddlleklgyeanyivpfstvkelehiseasatiqicptlgtylgaaleqiydvpeiksppaygisgtdawlrelgrvldrekeieeyienahknivpkiekyreklegktayvtagaahghaliallrelglnvqgaaifhhdpvydngsfvsdvlahvvktygdiknynvcnkqayelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdeqfsfgyegilryaeriletldnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwlqqdpfsflggdvyaety
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_EA_2018  coded_by=288637..290037,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum EA 2018,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosinthesis protein, gene nifE
mekkeeylyeskatanmklkdslnpqeiieerkgfvcynsqnksgtlrcdensvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcasytwdlrgslsseselfrnsfstdlretdvifggekklraaideifikfhpklifiyatcivgvigddidavcreaeikypmmrviavkspgfsgnkamgyraacnailkligdrksdkkvkgvnylgdfnlageawviqsylkkigvpvvakitgdgkyeellkapeaslnivqcagsmeylakkmqelygipyirisflgvedtensllqiahilggedivektekfiqeeedkvkdkidfyrkrlegkkaaiyvgggykaislikqfkslgietvmvgtqtgkprdyeiikeitnrgtvilddanpselerfmlekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilsgfigalnfaeeidltvnspvwkyv
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_ATCC_824  coded_by=288647..290047,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum ATCC 824,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molibdenum cofactor biosinthesis protein, gene nifE
mekkeeylyeskatanmklkdslnpqeiieerkgfvcynsqnksgtlrcdensvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcasytwdlrgslsseselfrnsfstdlretdvifggekklraaideifikfhpklifiyatcivgvigddidavcreaeikypmmrviavkspgfsgnkamgyraacnailkligdrksdkkvkgvnylgdfnlageawviqsylkkigvpvvakitgdgkyeellkapeaslnivqcagsmeylakkmqelygipyirisflgvedtensllqiahilggedivektekfiqeeedkvkdkidfyrkrlegkkaaiyvgggykaislikqfkslgietvmvgtqtgkprdyeiikeitnrgtvilddanpselerfmlekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilsgfigalnfaeeidltvnspvwkyv
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_DSM_1731  coded_by=288645..290045,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum DSM 1731,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekkeeylyeskatanmklkdslnpqeiieerkgfvcynsqnksgtlrcdensvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhlihgpigcasytwdlrgslsseselfrnsfstdlretdvifggekklraaideifikfhpklifiyatcivgvigddidavcreaeikypmmrviavkspgfsgnkamgyraacnailkligdrksdkkvkgvnylgdfnlageawviqsylkkigvpvvakitgdgkyeellkapeaslnivqcagsmeylakkmqelygipyirisflgvedtensllqiahilggedivektekfiqeeedkvkdkidfyrkrlegkkaaiyvgggykaislikqfkslgietvmvgtqtgkprdyeiikeitnrgtvilddanpselerfmlekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhilsgfigalnfaeeidltvnspvwkyv
>delta_proteobacterium_MLMS-1  coded_by=complement(24508..25872),organism=delta proteobacterium MLMS-1,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mettvlktreaqiwrknndpmvlecnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdmqeqdvifggeeklyralvelidrhapaaafvystcivgiigddleavcrrveaeknipilpvqsegfkgnkrggyqaacnalhrlvgtgdtsgispysinilgdfnlagelwlirdyftrmgvevvanitgdgriadiqrahgaalnvvqcsgatmelatmmkedygipvikvsyfgvedmaaalyavaeffqeqapeimmrtrelvreeldallpeleqyrrelagkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrtigmevvmvgsqtgttedyqelaeitdpgtiivddantlelasflrekavdifvggvkerpiaykmgvafcdhnherkeilagfagmlnfarevhasvtspvwrllprqndyhpgs
>Fischerella_sp._JSC-11  coded_by=complement(115848..117308),organism=Fischerella sp. JSC-11,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
miitqgkinellsepgcehnhhkngekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykfgfttdlsendvifggekklykaildihkryspqavfvystcvtaligedmdavckaasnkigipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnriggealleyvvgteepeyttpydinligeyniagemwnvlplfkklgirvlakitgdarykevccahraklnvmicskalinmarkmeerygipyieesfygvedmnrclrniaaklgdadlqartekliaeetaaldaklapyrdrlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmevvatstkksteedkarikqllgkdgitlekgnpqeilrvinetnaemliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhayagysgmvemareldealyspvweqvrkpapweddsetrgqgdagkfsssthlpisvsfeeedy
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C21  coded_by=<1..>762,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C21,definition=NifD
khlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyis
>Marinobacterium_sp._AK27  coded_by=31121..32545,organism=Marinobacterium sp. AK27,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacehnkksksgcakpkpgasaggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgptlyrigmttdlteqdvimgrgekrlfhsikqaidgynpaavfvyntcvpaligddvdaickaaterwgtpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriageamfkhvigtrepdpvperarrdgikvhdvnlvgeyniagefwhvlplldelgirvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhraevtmmvcskamlnvarkmedkygipwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarvigdpdltartealiereekrirtalepwrerlggkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgedtkmieeggakelinivheynadiliaggrnlytalkaripfldinqerefgyagyegmlelvrqlaltiespiwssvrepapwgdygdsiqplqvpevthg
>Paenibacillus_riograndensis_SBR5  coded_by=complement(6444476..6445840),organism=Paenibacillus riograndensis SBR5,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdpvrkdefdsgacgslapkvrpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqvtllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpslsqygfatdltdsdiifggekklkdsidyiagrfappaifvystcvtaltgedmdavcktaaerlgipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepspdmpmginligeyniagemwdieklmnsagisvtsritgdarykevtwahrakvnmvvcsrallglaremesrygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaylmndrdmerrvdrltereearlsqelrpyrkilkgkkavlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggagrilktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaagpapwdkeappydr
>Kluyvera_intermedia  coded_by=complement(1756472..1757845),organism=Kluyvera intermedia,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgndilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllplsdvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsmssgpsinrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpsavfiyntcvpamegddidavcqaaetatgvpviavdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvnkvvgrrapapwpddtpfapehrhdigligefniagefwhvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfseiqtlhhaqvnmlvcsralinvartleqrygtpwfegsfygvratsdalrqlasllgdsdliarteaviareeaaanqalapwrerlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddalmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrgivtlaqqlcqtiespvwpqtharapwh
>Clostridium_autoethanogenum_DSM_10061  coded_by=complement(452778..454298),organism=Clostridium autoethanogenum DSM 10061,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mkinldtsvvktreqrlgtiigwktgktselsrdsaytcagckgnggkrlceaigpftqgsscsermvecqagevrdailiqhspigcgtsqiacnsiyrnglanrklpvenmkvintniketdmvfgalkkleqsirdawdrhhpkaifiatscatgiigedvdsvagklqeefkipiiplycegfrskhwstgfdaaqhgilrqivrknpgkkqedlvnvislwgsdvfspmlaelglrvnyvmdlakvsdleqlseaaattsfchtlssylaagleekfgvpevkapqpygiagtdawirelarvthreekaevyiekehkriaprleqlrkllkgkkgyaatgsayshgliavlkelgiqvdgslvfhhdpiydnngpgkdslkflvdnygdvnnfsvsnrqqyqfcillknikpdfilirhaglaslasrmgipaaplgnehhavgyqgilnlgetilgilahkkfhedlaahiklpytkwwlsqkdpyvldttkrkksvl
>Selenomonas_noxia_F0398  coded_by=complement(103322..104626),organism=Selenomonas noxia F0398,definition=hypothetical protein
mgievkrvgvrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvvfhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvrlspvplltsglgeseaifggedrlrecirfaaekyhpqavfianscvsgvigddtkaiaeemetelgipimavsahgfldgeyyagyldaaralvdrfmhpserkpgtvallgdcggmhgeyvkelrrllalldlkvtaqfpsylaldemqavpeaeliillgrrmddekqaqlaalaehmherfgtpyladvyavgaeetktwlrrvgalchreeaaeraiaseeasfsavvekaradlagrrcglaigrdltwfqpeiilrllnkagvalsgivlldcfmparrevmegalrcltdvpiyyegdaaademlhaadfvltthelvdaklrqlflallpsvgwsmerrllddmrqilhrhesrggliyg
>Anabaena_sp._90  coded_by=join(3979899..3981254,4001946..4002092),organism=Anabaena sp. 90,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain NifD
mtstddkkiveqrkelvkevlkaypekaakkrekhlnvfeegkadcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyylgttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarktsktigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpkadqgkkdgtlkfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdakiqanaekviakyqptmdaivsqyrprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahsddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwnkkaqakakakaav
>Clostridium_papyrosolvens_C7  coded_by=complement(21741..23087),organism=Clostridium papyrosolvens C7,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mteslileerkdfikfgfeksgktaikcesnsvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdafhivhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgsdlyrnsfstdlteqdivfggekklsaaidevvqkhnpkvifvyatcivgvigddveavcrhaekkhgtrvipvkspgfsgnksygykmacnailellrphnniskthgvnilgdfnlagemwiiknylneigipvvstitgdagydnlikapsaglnlvqcagsmtylakkmeaemnipfikvsffgvedtsqsliriaeaigteeninkaktftqsesdrlrpllekyksrlegkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfnqmgietvvvgtqtgkpeeyeiitglvgqnavilddanpaeletfmkekdadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalagyegvvnftkeinlsmnspvweyikqet
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Dr3b-11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Dr3b-11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpqgkprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lop10.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lop10.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpqgkprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mc16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mc16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpqgkprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._a16j3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. a16j3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpqgkprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._tri1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. tri1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlniheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpqgkprfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhodobacter_sp._SW2  coded_by=complement(38096..39577),organism=Rhodobacter sp. SW2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdiadtaeqnnklieevlaaypaktakkrarhlnvagaveegeteilskcdtvksniksipgvmtirgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyytgatgidsfvtmqvttdfqendiifggdkkleksidelntlfpllngisiqsecpigligddieavsrkknkdigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvleagegaragyegtpydvnvigdyniggdawssrilleeiglnvignwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekhgvawmeynffgpsqieaslraiaakfdatiqanaeaviakykplvdavkakyqarlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmviagtgyefghgddykrtgeyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfietirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglfdapwkksa
>Burkholderia_xenovorans_LB400  coded_by=complement(1761385..1762848),organism=Burkholderia xenovorans LB400,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msvtveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfedgkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqvlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkksaqyeghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdkadpdkrpdfvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgsiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddtikanaekviakyrplvdavnakfrprlqdktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveqiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgyaifardmdmaisspvwglarapwkkta
>Burkholderia_xenovorans_LB400  coded_by=2631854..2633317,organism=Burkholderia xenovorans LB400,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvtveerkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgtfedgkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqvlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkksaqyeghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdkadpdkrpdfvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgsiaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddtikanaekviakyrplvdavnakfrprlqdktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveqiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgyaifardmdmaisspvwglarapwkkta
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=complement(28633..30012),organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mttlsakiqevfqepacqknrsksdkerkkgctkilqpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsklyrlgfttdinemdviyggekrlfkaikevvekyrppavfvyntcipaligddleavckaakekfgipvvpiqspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigteepevttpydiniigeynlagelwqvkplfdqlgiriaacisgdsrykeiaschraraamlvcskaminiarkmeerygipffegsfygisdmsealrniatllvqrgaeeellakteilirheeqkawrkletykkrlsgkrvllitggvkswsvvsalqevgmvvvgtsvkksteedkqrikkimgeeahmieemtpkemykmlkdaqadillsggrsqfvalkakvpwldinqerhhayagyegmvnlvdqidrtlnnplweklrtpapwd
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=4533..5912,organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mttlsakiqevfqepacqknrsksdkerkkgctkilqpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsklyrlgfttdinemdviyggekrlfkaikevvekyrppavfvyntcipaligddleavckaakekfgipvvpiqspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigteepevttpydiniigeynlagelwqvkplfdqlgiriaacisgdsrykeiaschraraamlvcskaminiarkmeerygipffegsfygisdmsealrniatllvqrgaeeellakteilirheeqkawrkletykkrlsgkrvllitggvkswsvvsalqevgmvvvgtsvkksteedkqrikkimgeeahmieemtpkemykmlkdaqadillsggrsqfvalkakvpwldinqerhhayagyegmvnlvdqidrtlnnplweklrtpapwd
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._pomaceae_ATCC_29192  coded_by=complement(1533983..1535458),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. pomaceae ATCC 29192,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslneeetvfntrlieevleaypekarkrrrkhlsvakapdteadpgalsecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnfytgttgvdsfvtmqftsdyqekdivfggdkklkkilkeidelfplnkgttiqsecpvgligddiesvareqkketgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiacdvirdwvldqdgnqvpfestpydvnilgdyniggdawssrilleemglrvigswsgdatlaelerapkaklnlihcyrslnyisrymeekhgvpwmeynlfgpsqiaaslrsiaekfddkikegaerviakyqplvdaviekyrprlegkkvllyvgglrsrhvvnaytdlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddastydlekfieairpdlvgsgikekyavqktgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspvwgmfnapwkkaa
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=889412..890878,organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=nitrogenase
mttvnlkaasvpvretrlgsitgftgtaeelvgqarkgclkeknrsfsqclgcstsnaactliliqdaavishgpvgcagclheyaftyrvngvhrnvfepterrifstnmderdtvyggvqkledaihevhrrvhpkaifvittcasgiigddvettaneaedelgipvvavfcegfrskiwtsgfdagyhgiarklikkaekkqedlinivnfwgadfiggwfkrlglranyltpfatveqiaasseavatmqvcatlgsylgasleqefgvpeikvsppygivqtqrwfrelgrltnraeavevflreeeekwlpeietlreklkgktayvtagashghsllallrelgmkpqgaaifhhdplydngevaadtlqnvvndygdikhynvcnkqefelvnvlnrlrpdillarhggmtlwgakfgipslligdehfgmgyqglvqygkrildtmendefvknfekhavnpytkwwleqdaytflek
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_80  coded_by=300933..302306,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 80,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtdaliareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatstrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4299936..4301402),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mpinfklsavptrenrlgsvtgytgdlhdlvkqsrcgslknkdrcfsqssscnagcalgtlslirdvaiinhapsgctavasdtniinsqlarkrgitnatvfvgtdmregdtvfgaagslkeivietykrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvvedlkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdaadhavlssivkppvkkkniinfknffeserdqiikifsefgvepfffyvnstveelshlsealatvsicgvlgtylgngleqkygvpyvktinplgiagfeiwlreigkvinkqkeveafiereraiylpkieevkkklkgyravigigpgytyevarvlqeldievvwaaswhhdkkhdnddipvplkyleenspynfkisvadqqnyeilnilntykpdiyfsrhggttvwaikqgvsalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtiqnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnssflkseak
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RLA08  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RLA08,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._H31  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. H31,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cyt17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cyt17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._R46210  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. R46210,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._r45955  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. r45955,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cir2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cir2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cir1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cir1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csr6.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csr6.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvnklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2879805..2881265),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
meakrnivserpteemvedvlsvypekarklrakhiaikdegstcaiksnikcvpglmtargcayagakgvvwgpikdmihishgpigcgyyswgarrnltrgvvgvesfspmmftsdfsesnivyggdkklekvlreakelfpsvkgfsicsecpvgligddiesvakrmnkelevpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdyllgkkerpeevgpydisligdyniggdvwsskkileemglrvrnvwtgdgtvegmmaahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhmeetygipwlefnffgpskikesirkiaaqfdetiqkkgeeviakyepimqkvidqyrprlegkkvmlfigglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefahkddydrtfpemqnqtiiyddateheldqfvnrlrpdlvgsgvkekyvfqkqgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfegfpifardmdiaissptwsltkapwkidkevrg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mg1.17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mg1.17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltkvidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dep32  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dep32,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltkvidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Sulfurospirillum_multivorans_DSM_12446  coded_by=1185217..1186563,organism=Sulfurospirillum multivorans DSM 12446,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvnkklikdllnesacshnktkksscdkpkpgatsggcafegaqislfpyadavhlvhgpdtclgaswetratltsyegenntplgyctnvttqdiifggdkklaealayivehkkpkaifvyetcvtamigdnidftcktaeelfhipivpvhspgfvgsknlgsrlageavldalvgtrepesihpfginligdynvtgdmwqykpilerigikvisslsgdgrleqiqmahtaklnvivcakslvtlcrkmqerynipyvsvsfygkrdtsnairsivnafgdaelitkaeviiaeeeaklaerlkpyhlmlkgkkailntggnkswsiasalqdigievvatcvqkateedvaiaseyvpivfknpgveqpklidehkvdillaggrslytaikkriafvdvnqekkvsygaygglenlasdvcsalanpvfklvgkaapwelv
>Rahnella_aquatilis_CIP_78.65_=_ATCC_33071  coded_by=51939..53312,organism=Rahnella aquatilis CIP 78.65 = ATCC 33071,definition=nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein
mkakeilalidepacehnhkqksgcslpkpgataggcafdgaqiallpvadvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsrssgpsinrmgfttdmseqdvimgrgerrlfhavqhivshyhpvavfiyntcvpamegddveavcraasaaagvpvisvdaagfygsknlgnriagdvmvkkvigqrepapwpenspipaghrhsisligefniagefwhvlplldelgirvlcslsgdsrfaeiqtmhrgeanmlvcsralinvarkmeeryqipwfegsfyglrsmadslrtiavllkdpdlqarterliereeaathlalapyrarlsgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgitvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgedvlmldegnartlldtlyrfggdimiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyhglvnlaeqlcitlespvwaqvnrlapwr
>Rahnella_aquatilis_CIP_78.65_=_ATCC_33071  coded_by=complement(108453..109826),organism=Rahnella aquatilis CIP 78.65 = ATCC 33071,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakeilalidepacehnhkqksgcslpkpgataggcafdgaqiallpvadvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsrssgpsinrmgfttdmseqdvimgrgerrlfhavqhivshyhpvavfiyntcvpamegddveavcraasaaagvpvisvdaagfygsknlgnriagdvmvkkvigqrepapwpenspipaghrhsisligefniagefwhvlplldelgirvlcslsgdsrfaeiqtmhrgeanmlvcsralinvarkmeeryqipwfegsfyglrsmadslrtiavllkdpdlqarterliereeaathlalapyrarlsgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgitvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgedvlmldegnartlldtlyrfggdimiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyhglvnlaeqlcitlespvwaqvnrlapwr
>Sporomusa_sp._An4  coded_by=complement(895181..896380),organism=Sporomusa sp. An4,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
miyhspkacghvtremdlgghyhalargtfvprqytaplvtsnlrdehsifggadqlrqcieyvverykplyimianscvagvigddtpaiareaetdfgipvmtvpcngfldgeyhagfyhtakvlaerfmqwqparadtvtllgdrggpngadakemtallssfglqvqgrfpgyatleemkrvpvsalciplgggpqsyawirklavdleerfgipfldhdlpvgwggtkawikqlgkmlgreqaalqveaaqeqrlkltavkcrsalqgarvvlgigrplshfqpgwvlellalagvtpakillfkgltgeqktalrqelakhtitpivdetedevllhtsdvvvttheleddalrqfylpvlpplgvggmielwnklgqlakrpggqggvqygw
>Geobacter_uraniireducens_Rf4  coded_by=1386379..1387818,organism=Geobacter uraniireducens Rf4,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msnaikkiegitkestqemidkalevypekakkkrvphlapndgvsacvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmtgingvnqfamqftsdfqekdivyggdkklktllqeahelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinsvakqsskeldipiipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdhiigtrefaepetpydialigdyniggdvwsvkplleeiglnvkavwtgdgelekiaathkvklniihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgptkireslraiaerfddkikenverviakydpimqavideyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtvnayadlgmvvvgsgyefahgddyertspempeatviyddaseheleefvntlrpdlvgsgikekylfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhayngfpifardvdmavnsptwklvkspf
>Leptolyngbya_sp._PCC_7375  coded_by=1161195..1162643,organism=Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 7375,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
matvedrkeliqevlkaypekaqkrrskhlnvkeegasdcgvksnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmihlshgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakivdeleelfplsqgttiesecpvgligddieavarqkaketgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrklpegyevgdydvniigdyniggdawpsrrllediglrvicqfsgdgtfnevvmtplakmnlihcyrsmnyicrfmeekygigwmeynffgptqiakslrkiaeqfdetiqtkaeaviaenqkrmdaivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvipafedlgmnvigtgyefghgddykrtadyvkegtviyddvsgyefeelakelqpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfevfardmdlainnptwgliktpweta
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4192213..4193559),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mgdinsieasrnscllhgaietiqeiggavpilhstagcglqqhlgvnkvsgcngggyiggtalpstnvtekqvifggtsrlreqikntvkiiksdlyvvlggcttelvgddipamtkesqeqgypiinantpgfkgsiyngyeiavktiinglpklydlssekidglvnifgivpkqdvywqgnllelkrlleaiglkvntlfgfgqgvqqwkdipraelnivfspwgeeigkyleekydipyldfqslpvgnddtslfirqvankvnlneenvdefinfeenkinhylnnisefyfeynfqkefsivgesssvigisrflvnslglipktviitdnpqesylnkirneinnllpqteialyftddrgeinniikdskiellfgssieneiasklniplqhisfpiwnsvvldkthigfkgaitlledlgtlirnfkaepldkslis
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>752,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hiandvirdxxfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Azorhizobium_caulinodans_ORS_571  coded_by=1959..>2888,organism=Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS 571,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvsqpqtveeikarnkeliaevlqvypektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkldpnapprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwceynffgp
>Azorhizobium_caulinodans_ORS_571  coded_by=complement(1164797..1166479),organism=Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS 571,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis NifE protein
mtslsatiqdvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgarssgsdlwrtsfttdmnetdvvfggekrlfkairetiekydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddinavckaakekfgkpvipinspgfvgpknlgnklageallehvigteepeyttpydlniigeynlagelwqikplfdelgirifasisgdgrykevayshrakaammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiedssdslreiarlliergapaelmerteaviareeakafaaiaaykprfqgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstredkerikelmgqdahmiedmtpremykmlkdakadimlsggrsqfialkaampwldinqerhhaymgyvgmvklveeidkalfnpmweqvrkpapwdrpgeswqakalaqmdaeaavlaadpvaaeaarrakkvcqcksvdvgtiedairahglstvegvrthtnasggcgacairieeilaeplpavaaapalraae
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis  coded_by=complement(59734..61233),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhtkviedvlsgyhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstsrsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgpsqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdkygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpiwglyeapwkkatalaavaae
>Neorhizobium_galegae_bv._officinalis  coded_by=complement(35874..37373),organism=Neorhizobium galegae bv. officinalis,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain NifD
msanyendsafhtkviedvlsgyhdrtakrrnkhlnvatgedasslgnsstsrsdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyymgqtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkaaeykktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkknpdftpgafdvnvigdyniggdawasrllleevglrvignwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydvpwmeynffgpsqiatslraiakhfgpqiedttekviakhqpfidavtdkygprlngkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqvvgtgyefghgddyqrtshytkkgtliyddlngyelekfidairpdlvgsgikekytvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpiwglyeapwkkatalaavaae
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=complement(849492..850910),organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein
msalkqridsllvepgcatnqaksdkarkegckkpltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpvvdvahlvhgpiacegnswdsrhvyssgpqtyrtgfttdmaefdviyggekrlyraikeivdkvdppaifvyqtclpamigddiegvckaaserfgkpvipvnapgfagsknlgnklggealldhvvgtmepdyttdcdinligeynvvgefwqvkplfdelgirvlatfcgdarykdiasshrakaaimlcsqaliniarkmnerydipffegsfygiadvsdclrkiskllvergapadlparaealiareearawarlehyksrlagkrvllftggvkswsvvsalqevgmeivgtsmrkstqsdrakvveimgtdahmfdelppremykmlkeskadvmlsggrsqfvalkaktpwveinqerhhalagydgivnlvaeidkalynpiwsqvkqpapweiealeakgaahhg
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>812,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrtyyvgttgidifvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvlaeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsielylapy
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>812,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrtyyvgttgidifvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvlaeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsielylapy
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddaqpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._pomaceae_ATCC_29192  coded_by=complement(1126032..1127600),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. pomaceae ATCC 29192,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mplhefdcskviperkqhavvkgrgedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkrylsdnnnfqlkytfasdvkekhivfgadkllksnileafkafpeikrmtvyqtcataligddieavcdevmeelpdvdifvcnspgfagpsqsaghhkiniawvnnkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqeimqdyfkrmgiqilstftgngsyddlrgmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprmdidgfgfkalagslkkiglffgiedraqaiideevarwkpeldwykerlkgkkiclwpggsklwhwahtleedlgvrivsvytkfghqgdmekgisrcsegalaiddpneleslevmeklkpdliltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiysplhqlaftdiskddfatdkgfatrqmlsdaelsdevknnpelreytggfdsvsklhdreypkfesqsapaaae
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysaltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwelydapwqkaamlaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddalhkklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkrktaeegqvfsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeynttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfievirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Methanoculleus_marisnigri_JR1  coded_by=1932691..1933758,organism=Methanoculleus marisnigri JR1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
mnsnpspsnssrfegctltgalsvltevrdavsvihgpagcthhnfsllhathlsndrlevprllstrltengiifggedaleetiaqalsrspasvfvlstcivetigddvaavcakdrgvpvipvptagflggvfetgvrnalssvaslacpgaeatlsanligeknleygvdenaaeiarllsrlgitinlrfvrgietrdigrlgsaavnilrepalrpvgetlerkfgtpyvdsfpaglagtcrflekvgricgidasaaveeeqghqkallgqfddiagsrvhfqsphpmlrgdpgaeaictecaealdlsvapsgstipfpypapvgtaglgrmlhrwrvlirekrrg
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=9395..10768,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=Klebsiella pneumoniae DNA for nif gene cluster
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataagcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrpagdvmvkrvigqrepapwpestlfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlrqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwreqlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyqgivtlarqlcqtinspiwpqthsrapwr
>Cloning_vector_SBa_000534  coded_by=4918..6291,organism=Cloning vector SBa_000534,definition=NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataagcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivtryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrpagdvmvkrvigqrepapwpestlfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlrqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwreqlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyqgivtlarqlcqtinspiwpqthsrapwr
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.1  coded_by=complement(124914..126443),organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maaltkidatvlfdepacdhnrakdpktrktgcsrpkpggtaggcafdgamitlvpiadvahvvhgpiacagnswdgrgslssgptlyrrgfatdlgeqdvvfggeqrlydtiveaarrhrppavfvyatcvtamigddvdavcaaaatatgipvvpvhspgfagsknfgnrlagqallehvigtvepafttpydvnlvgeyniagelwdvtpllaklgirvlasvsgdgryadvaaahrakatmvvcsrallslargledrygipwfegsfygvramrdtlrgfarvlgdkelswraeeliateeaalatalapyrerlagaravlytggvkswslvaalqdlgvevvasgatksteddvdkitellgedgivvrngtpaellrvvadtqadiliaggrnqytalkgrlpfldvnqerhhafagypgmielarrldlalsspvweqvradapwedepdptgptgrpggpaasaggtaadavtaagaaagggfedgtddidddsdpevf
>Rhizobium_etli  coded_by=99..>1085,organism=Rhizobium etli,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
msldyendsvlheqliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtiracayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvidrdrgafppqqrhqravgmpdrvigddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaevdgarkrklnlihsyrsittsvgtwrkntasrgwntislvrprsnlpariakhfgpeivd
>Frankia_sp._Thr  coded_by=220541..221911,organism=Frankia sp. Thr,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
maatervalftepacnhnnakstkarkagcpkpkpggtsggcafdgamitlvpiadcahvvhgpigcagnswdgrgslssgpvlyrhgfttdmaendvvlggeqrlfdtilevverhsppavfvystcvtamigddldavcaaaaaesgvpvipihspgfvgsknlgnrlagqalldhvigtvepelttdrdvnligeyniagelwdvlpllsrlglrvqacisgdaryrdvaaahraratmvvcsrallglarglqerygipwfegsfygtramgdtlrgfarlleddelsrrteeliaveeaavavalepyrrrlagrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmikegsprellrvaeqtgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvelarrldlaiaspvweqvsrpapwdlvgar
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.23  coded_by=complement(144704..146074),organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.23,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein
maatervalftepacnhnnakstkarkagcpkpkpggtsggcafdgamitlvpiadcahvvhgpigcagnswdgrgslssgpvlyrhgfttdmaendvvlggeqrlfdtilevverhsppavfvystcvtamigddldavcaaaaaesgvpvipihspgfvgsknlgnrlagqalldhvigtvepelttdrdvnligeyniagelwdvlpllsrlglrvqacisgdaryrdvaaahraratmvvcsrallglarglqerygipwfegsfygtramgdtlrgfarlleddelsrrteeliaveeaavavalepyrrrlagrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmikegsprellrvaeqtgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvelarrldlaiaspvweqvsrpapwdlvgar
>Frankia_sp._CcI3  coded_by=complement(5355035..5356405),organism=Frankia sp. CcI3,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maatervalftepacnhnnakstkarkagcpkpkpggtsggcafdgamitlvpiadcahvvhgpigcagnswdgrgslssgpvlyrhgfttdmaendvvlggeqrlfdtilevverhsppavfvystcvtamigddldavcaaaaaesgvpvipihspgfvgsknlgnrlagqalldhvigtvepelttdrdvnligeyniagelwdvlpllsrlglrvqacisgdaryrdvaaahraratmvvcsrallglarglqerygipwfegsfygtramgdtlrgfarlleddelsrrteeliaveeaavavalepyrrrlagrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmikegsprellrvaeqtgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvelarrldlaiaspvweqvsrpapwdlvgar
>Frankia_sp._CcI6  coded_by=116679..118049,organism=Frankia sp. CcI6,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein
maatervalftepacnhnnakstkarkagcpkpkpggtsggcafdgamitlvpiadcahvvhgpigcagnswdgrgslssgpvlyrhgfttdmaendvvlggeqrlfdtilevverhsppavfvystcvtamigddldavcaaaaaesgvpvipihspgfvgsknlgnrlagqalldhvigtvepelttdrdvnligeyniagelwdvlpllsrlglrvqacisgdaryrdvaaahraratmvvcsrallglarglqerygipwfegsfygtramgdtlrgfarlleddelsrrteeliaveeaavavalepyrrrlagrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmikegsprellrvaeqtgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvelarrldlaiaspvweqvsrpapwdlvgar
>Methanobacterium_sp._MB1  coded_by=1137937..1139469,organism=Methanobacterium sp. MB1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mstdenspdetidlskntcpnrehrahgtnvyygkasqlledakkgkvkcyerkfqqsggcvlnfylsnrvttirdavvifnapvgcsagalgyrelfrgvpvelgrpaqynvnwlttnlqqndvvygagqklketileadkryspkaifiltscttgiigediegsvnavqpqvkakivpihcegvrsrlvqtgydafwhavlkylvrepeekqedlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrllgkvglrvnfipefatveqfeqlseaavtapicptytdylsrglkkkygvpyflypsptgikntdewlrqigkytgkedeieelieeehkiwvpkmeaiqgeflklrkdgekvrilgslgqgrlvnqlpffdelglqapaamsqdfddllieqlddivekvgdfdimvntfqaaeqanitsnldpdltltcpfqggtwerdnnvtrihslrgdpdpwsaqsgyagavafgnfllqafknksyqktlsektprsykdwwyeqpdplyylekgk
>Methylosinus_trichosporium_OB3b  coded_by=105496..106962,organism=Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslaqpesiedikarnkalikevlevypektakrrakhlntfedgkpdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskaktkeynghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdkmegkpalfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskieeslrkiashfddkikegaerviakyrplmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkfakapwaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=69429..70877,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskalekpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_Rm41  coded_by=735446..736876,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti Rm41,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslsaknqaffnqpacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmlerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleivgtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsrmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvreaapwemapargeemseeeall
>Slackia_sp._CM382  coded_by=complement(91968..93464),organism=Slackia sp. CM382,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
midarngpsdgasaverrlmpipgvfygggccymacrglmlggisdvllishgpvgcayyagisgyegpgpgaganakegadataasvevpafaartfvtcmdesdivfggeeklanaideaaaryhpeaiavcatcpvgiigddieqvardaairhgidvlalscegfkrepgwliggrrifeewvgretrprgpypihymsesarfgngvasslleqvgydvvcslmgtttyedirasqdarlivldsgkaidavpqmygerygtgfmrvsftglgniarslramarsfgseeldlkteqviaasmeriapalerareryagriavifedifrsdafatmalelgmdvimiapdyaaqhytdqgfcmnvpvalagriacsgfpsgerraslpgcehalrpvsardadwvratfssrevtdtlsilnpdicfagveqrfgrirtpmrsekflsdergtdyggfegfmsfardlaiaselghwldtepswltegrqdg
>Beijerinckia_indica_subsp._indica_ATCC_9039  coded_by=<1..>1183,organism=Beijerinckia indica subsp. indica ATCC 9039,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
riasgqvqhqvrpgvmtirglrlrrfkgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeimelfplnhgvtvqsecpigligddieavskqkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkmegkparieltdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiashfddkikenaekviakyralsdaviekyrprlhgrkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqk
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=complement(1097221..1098744),organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase
mgkinlrmaevqnrerrlgtiiawngtasdlhtqssyqqrgsgcktnkdgcrlceakgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgagqvpynsiyrnglamrghkveniriintnlqetdmvfgalgklkqsiddaweryspkaifigtscptgiigediesvarkkqeelgipviplfcegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivkkstkkqedlvnvislwgsdiftpmfkefnlrvnyvvdmasvsdleqlseaaatvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpevkapmpygfagtdawlrelgkvthreelveqyiakeharvkpkiaelkkklqglkgyvatgsayahgliqvlreldiqvdgslvfhhdpvydsgdaredslghliehygevpsfnvsnrqqyqfygllqevkpdfilirhnglaplasklgipaaplgdehiaigyegivnlgeailnilahkkfhddlkkhaklpykqwwleqkdpyilakhpelida
>Sideroxydans_lithotrophicus_ES-1  coded_by=872198..873673,organism=Sideroxydans lithotrophicus ES-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtaltreetealiqevlevypekakkdrekhlavndqsieqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvntfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklakligeieqlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkaakeidkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvlprregkafegtpydvavigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaemektpyvkvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekynipwmeynffgptkvaeslraiaakfddkikegaerviakyqplmqavidkykprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtikdmgnatllyddvtgfefeefvkkvkpdlvgsgikekfifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwgkmtapwlkkdesaaekkaa
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=181075..182580,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideintlfplangitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpesentkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=complement(4207..5712),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdhaggpedlenliaevleaypakaqkkrakhlsvagatsedadavtgiaskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgktgvdsfvtmqfttdfqekdivfggdkklektideintlfplangitiqsecpigligddieavskkknkeinktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifeqpesentkafepgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleeiglnvigcwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekysigwmeynffgptqieaslraigakfdetiqanvekviakyrplvdgilakykprlegksvmlyvgglrprhvvtayddlgmviagtgyefahnddykrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfdapwdkapiaae
>Rhizobium_sp._Pop5  coded_by=<1..1316,organism=Rhizobium sp. Pop5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
pgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkeaapaeavaae
>Desulfobacterales_bacterium_SG8_35_2  coded_by=1909..3261,organism=Desulfobacterales bacterium SG8_35_2,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
mqttllderqeqihrtgekpfeivcdkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqemdvifggekklynalielidrhnpkaafvystcivgiigddleavcrkvediknipvipvqsegfkgnkragyraacdamfklvgtgntagispysinilgdfnlageiwmirkyfermgvevvanitgdgriadiqrahgaalnvvqcsgatmdlarmmedeygipsirvsyfgiedmaeslytvarhfndpvimertqglvrdelsriypelqkykaalngkkaaiyvggsfkafslvkafrllgmkvvmvgsqtgtreeyqelaeitdpgtiivddtnpleltafleeknvdifvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkealagftgmlnfarevyssvmspvwqftrqakgetp
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans_C2-3  coded_by=2485361..2486791,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans C2-3,definition=nitrogenase, MoFe protein alpha chain
msnnieeakkiieevlsvypektrkkrekhlnvfeegkpdcgvksniktvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskkkskehngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkktgkpiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsieelintpkvklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiaeslrkiaaffddtikenaekviakyealtkatiekykprladktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtiiyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgftifardmdmainnpvwqmakapf
>Methanobacterium_formicicum  coded_by=2075462..2076820,organism=Methanobacterium formicicum,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtenrlqskqgtytlenpgkhtleaprfscslagaygttlgirggipilhsgagcgvgqlfgtlyaggqgaggneggtstpcsclvedhvifggekklrnliqstteifngelfvvisgcvpsligddvdavvsefrdkvpivhvnapgfsgnsyegyelffeaiidqlltekpkkkklvnifgvvpynhvfwkgelptvkkllanigveaniifteenglsniqqipaaeynivlspwnghrivkklekqfgtpfitfpsvpvgakqtgeflrtvaeklkvpskkveeviareenwtyrymeypgdaiilvrphsyfavaadsntaigitkfltneigylpdivqitdnppeeyqeiiakeildnidtvvkpeivfesdtykirknledrpfqflfsssleaptamedfgalhittafpvfnksvlvhnyagydgglrlvedvvssfvgpl
>Arcobacter_nitrofigilis_DSM_7299  coded_by=complement(66910..68250),organism=Arcobacter nitrofigilis DSM 7299,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mvnkkliqellsesacshnkekksscdkpkpgatsggcafegaqialfpfadvvhlvhspatcigaswetrqtltshhgenntitgyttdvntndvifggdkkledainyivanknpkgifvyetcvtamigddmdntcnrmeekhgipivvihspgfvggknlgsrlggesvlhqligtkepeeihpfginligeynvtgdmwqytpilekigikvvstlagdgrieniqmahraklnvivcakslisltrkmqerynipyisisfygkrdttnaimsivnafgdeklikrakevieeeetklekaltpyrkilegkkailntggnktwsiasalqdigidvvatsvkkatledkeicatyvkilmndpgteqaklidehnidillaggrslytaikkkvafvdvnqekkvsygaysglinlakdvsnavnnkvfkvvgspepwn
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_DP4  coded_by=183242..184870,organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris DP4,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mttlktdpgvdlesfvdevtslyppkvakkrrahmvvrkdgdpglaqqieantrtvpgiitqrgccyagckgvvigpygdmvhivhgpvgcsfyawltrrnqfrargeagknylsycfttdmqdediifggekklaqaireaaaifkpeaisvhatcpvgligddiqavarelsketgipvmafncegykgvsqsaghhiannkifdmalgtrereagrfsvnvlgeyniggdayeiervlekcgievvatfsgnsvyedmctahsanlnlvmchrsinylaemmetkfgipwmkvnfigmrsmsqslrkiaryfddaaltariesviaeeearaetalaaympglegktamlfvggsrahhymhlmrdlgmeplvagfefahrddyegrrviptirvdadsknieelkvtadperyrprldpayreqleregllssyegmwddmgegtlviddvshveieklihrmnpdiicsgikdkyviekfgvpckqlhnydysgpyagyegavnfardvyamihspawkltrspfdtgptltaglnd
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8802  coded_by=1846580..1848010,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8802,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstvedrkqliqdvldtypeklakkrskhlnvyeegkddcgvksniksapgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkllkiteeieelfplnngisiqsecpvgligddiegvakkaqkitgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfsrddaqeiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtinemmqtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddtikenaekviakyeqqtaevlakyrprlenktvmmmvgglrprhvvpaftdlgmkmigtgyefahgddykrtteyvddatliyddvtayefekfvqelkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnnptwglikspwnk
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8801  coded_by=1871844..1873274,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8801,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstvedrkqliqdvldtypeklakkrskhlnvyeegkddcgvksniksapgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkllkiteeieelfplnngisiqsecpvgligddiegvakkaqkitgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfsrddaqeiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtinemmqtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddtikenaekviakyeqqtaevlakyrprlenktvmmmvgglrprhvvpaftdlgmkmigtgyefahgddykrtteyvddatliyddvtayefekfvqelkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnnptwglikspwnk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A214  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A214,definition=NifD
vheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrqmnyisrhs
>Treponema_primitia_ZAS-2  coded_by=1298818..1300368,organism=Treponema primitia ZAS-2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mapfesllekncfaifsrndfttiedymvevlaarkqqvlekgkdvfniecekpstagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadavhlihgpigcaaytwelrgslssgpelhrlsfstdireheviyggekklyaalkeligaykpnaafvyctciigligddveavcakvekevgipvipvhsegfkgtkkdgykaaceaafklvgkdditpvsktsinilgefnlagetwiikdyykrmgvevtacitgdgrvaeigrahraklnvvqcsgsmtylakmmeekygipyirvsyfgiedmskalydvaeyfkdetilhntqelvksevnallpklteyrkdlegkkagvyvggsfkafsmvkalrhlgmetvvvgsqtgspedyeylkeitnegtiilddtnplelsgfilekgadlliggvkerpiaykmgigfcdhnherkealagyegmlnfarevhtsvtspvwkysparikaaeaaqaaeaaqaaeaaqaaeaaqaaeaaqaaeaaragkeilv
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC384A00  coded_by=359218..360705,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC384A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerklfkaiieikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallervigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlserkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqvrepapwdcqpareerprtksetptlhavqefagttagnfgdc
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR759  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR759,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskelggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Treponema_endosymbiont_of_Eucomonympha_sp.  coded_by=1579..3147,organism=Treponema endosymbiont of Eucomonympha sp.,definition=dinitrogenase subunit alpha
mpyhlfkcsecipergkhavikgpgedlsmalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytsatdmkekniifgaeqvlrsnimeafkafphikrmtiyqtcasaligddiqaladeimdempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawvnqkvgkvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdyfkrmgiqilstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfghqalsdslrkiglffgiearaeviikeetakwgpelnwykarlegkkvclwpggsklwhwahaihadmavevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceegalavddpnelegleametlkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpwkgfegwvrfardiynavyspihqlalrdiskdeiptgqgfvtnrmlsdaglseeirnsaelrpysgkydcvsplrdktypqfsraerlaeav
>Halorhodospira_halophila_SL1  coded_by=complement(310188..311654),organism=Halorhodospira halophila SL1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msnltqeeaqavieevlevypeatraerdkhlaavgpdqqpskcvtsnrksvpgvmtqrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhvshgpvgcgqlsragrrnyytghtgvdtfgtinftsdfqerdivfggdpklekivdeiemlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddidsvgrqaterlgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdhvlenregdgrqagpydvaivgdyniggdcwasrilleemglnvvaqwsgdgtlaementpkvqlnllhcyrsmnyicehmekthgipwmefnffgptriaqslreiaaqfdetiqanaeqviakyqptmeaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrsrhvigayedlgmevigtgyefahdddydrtypelkegtlvyddanafelerfierarpdlvaagikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpvwdrmtppwkatgepaskaa
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(3894..5375),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mgtislkessvtiretrlgsitgfngsakdlvtcaqagklkdcsrkfsqcmgcnaghafcqlamirdavvvnhapvgcagdffgfnftyrveqmkrnlpatigryfstcieekdtvfgaakkledtvreafkrakpnaifvttscasgiigedvdaitedlskelgipviscscegfrskiwttgfdaayhsilrklvkpprkktnkvnvanfwgshifdeflnrlgyeaqyivpfstvaeleyiseaaatihicsslstylgaaleqeygvkeikappaygiegtdiwmrnigkvldreeeiekiikeehervlpkleeyreklkgktayvtagaahghaiiamlrelglnvqgaaifhhdplydnkdkasdalaqavniygdikhynvcnkqayelvnilnrvkpdlmiarhggmtmwgaklgiptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyasrivetldnkefvsnlakhstmpytkwwleqdpftflggntnvkny
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2826234..2827673,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
msdaitkiegitkestqsmidealeiypekakkkraphlapnagegacvksnrktvpgimsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmtgingvnqfamqftsdfqekdivyggdkklkqllveakelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakqsakeldipiipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdhiigtrefaepetpydialigdyniggdvwsvkplleeiglnvksvwtgdgelekiaathrvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgptkireslrkiadffddtikekveaaiakydplmqavideyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtvnayadlgmtvvgsgyefahgddyertspempeatviyddaseheleefvhklrpdlvgsgikekylfqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhayngfpifardvdmainsptwslvkapf
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=complement(151694..153196),organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattqsiaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgrpeadgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrriagyfddkikegaervikkyeplvdavvakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspvwkktkapwkeassaklqaae
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(308645..310249),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=Nitrogenase
mastninlnmtsvenreyrlgtiigwdgkasdlikesaydersakkhggcagkgagcklcelqsplnqetmcsnaivqcqvgnltdcalidhspigcsgenskfnlsmhvglkrrgkplqntlnistnlkeqdmvfgaseklrqtirdakerfnpkaifigmacataiigedidsiaeemepevgvpiiplhcegfrskhwstgfdiafhgvlrqivnrhptkkqndllnivalwgtdyfsemlaplglrvnylldtasfdeirqaseavatatfcdtlggymataleesfgvpqidapqpygikgtdewlraiakvvgkekeaeeyiesehkriapklaelreffkgkngivmtgsayahglisvlselgighdaalvfhhdpiydgagkhqdtlkelvetygdiphytvsktrafqlpqllkraktdfllirhpglasvaghlgfptltmgdehipvgydgilrigemlkgvlsrtkfnqvlkrnvklpysdwwlaqddpfylthhpealndlpeprnlkfskgkesnsena
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(1343664..1345268),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=Nitrogenase
mastninlnmtsvenreyrlgtiigwdgkasdlikesaydersakkhggcagkgagcklcelqsplnqetmcsnaivqcqvgnltdcalidhspigcsgenskfnlsmhvglkrrgkplqntlnistnlkeqdmvfgaseklrqtirdakerfnpkaifigmacataiigedidsiaeemepevgvpiiplhcegfrskhwstgfdiafhgvlrqivnrhptkkqndllnivalwgtdyfsemlaplglrvnylldtasfdeirqaseavatatfcdtlggymataleesfgvpqidapqpygikgtdewlraiakvvgkekeaeeyiesehkriapklaelreffkgkngivmtgsayahglisvlselgighdaalvfhhdpiydgagkhqdtlkelvetygdiphytvsktrafqlpqllkraktdfllirhpglasvaghlgfptltmgdehipvgydgilrigemlkgvlsrtkfnqvlkrnvklpysdwwlaqddpfylthhpealndlpeprnlkfskgkesnsena
>Leptospirillum_ferriphilum_YSK  coded_by=complement(1635456..1636886),organism=Leptospirillum ferriphilum YSK,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msnnieeakkiiqevlqvypektrkkrekhlgvyeegksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieqlfplnkgitiqsecpigligddieavskkkskehsgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkkkgreiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsieelvntpkvklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiaeslrkiagffddrirenaekviskyealtratierfrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtviyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwemakspf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mlp11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mlp11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mlg4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mlg4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngvtiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleddakpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Thermacetogenium_phaeum_DSM_12270  coded_by=903035..904357,organism=Thermacetogenium phaeum DSM 12270,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit
mldaekllsdrwrhvvtkgdgtavlpecgrptvpglvseracafygarwmlaaipdvihlvhgpagcayfgsivrrksyrvfstqleerdivfgageklyravleavatdpgaravlvyatcsagligddldgickraaravgrpvvpvnspgfcgysqaaghdiaagvllehfigtgkaqepiangvnllgefdvmgdlreierllqqlglrilcafsgkaattamadahrarlnivhcrrtgqrladamqerfgtpqlkvsffgfeetasalrsigkffgsagveeivergrrevegaapflkklagkrvalffgasrmgtmarafaelgmevvmigsqfgcledyrdagarvragtvliddppekeleefirkhmphlfvggtkekylatklgvpflvfpqetscfagfrgfvnlarevaglvgapvwrlagrlpei
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=4871065..4872507,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtppenknlvdenkelikevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheenksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklvklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskqigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpeydklkkenrldfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavldkyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysepsdgvqmsdqirffgegrkislfla
>Desulfovibrio_sp._X2  coded_by=complement(2936..4360),organism=Desulfovibrio sp. X2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkpvifeqrkdqikrkregdeftiacnrdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadavhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlrekdvifggekkleaalnelidrhrpnaafvystcivgiigddvqavckrvaaakgipvipvqsegfkgnkragyeaackammqlvgsgdtsgipplsinilgdfnlageiwiikeyyermgvnvvatitgdgrvadlarchgaalnvvqcsgatmdlakmmkdkygipfirasyfgiedmskalydvarffkdkdpvapgvpgimertgalvreelaellpklaamkkdlagkkaavyvggafkafslvkcfrhlgmsvavvgsqtgteedykelaaitdegtiivddanplelsqfikemdvdifvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkealegfkgmynfalevhrtvmspvwrftprrrgsiaagsgatanaaeeaas
>Clostridium_tyrobutyricum_DIVETGP  coded_by=21847..23178,organism=Clostridium tyrobutyricum DIVETGP,definition=hypothetical protein
mninntsivevsrnscafsgalqvvesiekvvpivhstagctiqqylgvnkvsgnkgsgyaggvqasssnviekqiifggtsrlreqikntikvmdadlyvvlsgcatelvgddipamtkeaqeqrypviniqtpgfkgdihygyevtlrtlieqlhkiyevaservkglvnvfgvipnqdvfwqgnlfelkrilesiglkvntlfgfgqnienwrqvpnaelnlvfspwgikaakylkdkynipylnfeslpvglsstssfiekvgnqlsidenkinefikneesklnyyleniadfyyeynlqkefaivsetgytlgiieflveigfipktiiitdisednyednyrkyldkklhallplnqvnlyfeedlekineiiknsevelilgsslenkisdeinvpvqhisfpiwdsvildktyigykgattllediatlirnfn
>Leptolyngbya_sp._Heron_Island_J  coded_by=complement(1814..3262),organism=Leptolyngbya sp. Heron Island J,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matvedrkeliqevlnaypekaqkrrskhlnvkeegasdcgvksnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmihlshgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakivdeleelfplsqgttiesecpvgligddieavarqkaketgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrklpegyepgaydvniigdyniggdawpsrrlleaiglrvicqfsgdgtfnevvmtplakmnlihcyrsmnyicrfmeekygigwmeynffgptqiakslrkiaeqfdetiqtkaeaviaehqermdaivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvipafedlgmnvigtgyefghgddykrtadyvkegtviyddvsgyefeelakqlqpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfevfardmdlainnptwglinapwqta
>Clostridium_butyricum_60E.3  coded_by=complement(144094..145683),organism=Clostridium butyricum 60E.3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskidsvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsnqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkepekfkiyrteeeieelkkeiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktqsvlegklggee
>Clostridium_butyricum  coded_by=complement(24176..25765),organism=Clostridium butyricum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mskidsvldkysakvyknrkkhvlelehetqeidanrrsvpglinhrgccyagckgvvlgptkdaliithgpigcgfyswgtrrnkaiaeegsnqnyvqycfstdlqesdivfggekkldaaieeavkifnpktiwicstcpvgligddlpavakrnsekfgitvmafpcegykgvsqsaghhianniiirdligtvdykpikhsvnilgeyniggdaweikriltlcgyevistftgdgsvehyrrahtadlnviqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawmkgdfigldntietlremakffgdpvlteqtekvisselsnisddmnfykeklegkvaaicvggsrthhyqlllkdfgvktvlagyefahrddyegrkvipdivedadlknidvlhvdkepekfkiyrteeeieelkkeiaeledyegmeadmdkgsviiddfnhyeteeflkmlkpdiffsgikdkfvfqkqgilsrqlhsydyagpyagfkgavnfgkdvtmglstpvwnytvapwktqsvlegklggee
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=complement(19162..20727),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavikgpgeditsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhiifgaekllkqniieafkafptikrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiaaevmeempevdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgnvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfrrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelkvrygtprldidgfgfealgtslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpemdwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahairedmgvnvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelealealemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakklrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsfvdiskdeipdqtsfltqkmisdvnlseevtaskelreytgnydtitalrnktypdfpaekklsav
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(12962..14527),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavikgpgeditsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhiifgaekllkqniieafkafptikrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiaaevmeempevdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgnvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfrrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelkvrygtprldidgfgfealgtslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpemdwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahairedmgvnvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelealealemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakklrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsfvdiskdeipdqtsfltqkmisdvnlseevtaskelreytgnydtitalrnktypdfpaekklsav
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=38656..40221,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavikgpgeditsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhiifgaekllkqniieafkafptikrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiaaevmeempevdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgnvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfrrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelkvrygtprldidgfgfealgtslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpemdwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahairedmgvnvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelealealemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakklrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsfvdiskdeipdqtsfltqkmisdvnlseevtaskelreytgnydtitalrnktypdfpaekklsav
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(12963..14528),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavikgpgeditsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhiifgaekllkqniieafkafptikrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiaaevmeempevdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgnvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfrrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelkvrygtprldidgfgfealgtslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpemdwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahairedmgvnvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelealealemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakklrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsfvdiskdeipdqtsfltqkmisdvnlseevtaskelreytgnydtitalrnktypdfpaekklsav
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=41501..43066,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavikgpgeditsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhiifgaekllkqniieafkafptikrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiaaevmeempevdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgnvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfrrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelkvrygtprldidgfgfealgtslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpemdwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahairedmgvnvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelealealemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakklrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsfvdiskdeipdqtsfltqkmisdvnlseevtaskelreytgnydtitalrnktypdfpaekklsav
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_MGH_41  coded_by=256708..258081,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca MGH 41,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatstrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=4897042..4898415,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatstrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=256690..258063,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqaaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatstrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methylomonas_methanica_MC09  coded_by=1602423..1603901,organism=Methylomonas methanica MC09,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maamtreetealiqevlevypekakkdrakhlaindqslekankcitsnrkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvntfgtmnftsdftekdivfggdkklakcideietlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavakvknkehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvlekrdgddsfpttpydvavigdyniggdawasrtlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeiektpkvklnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekysipwieynffgptkiaeslrriaehfddtikegaerviarykaeydaviakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtikemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkkvqpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpcwksfkapwksegasepvkava
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C6  coded_by=complement(1692619..1694052),organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C6,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpfclldvdkdipereqhvyikdskdtnghcqkcntttipgsmtergcafagvkgvitgaikdvlqvvhspvgcsaygngttkryptdstmpdgsifpvenfnlkhivgtdlsesdvvfggmkklkatiregakeypfvnaiyvyatcttgligddldavckemqaelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnytifsklvgtkeppfelgdydinligeynidgdywvlqkyfdamgirvlskftgdachyelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpyikvdffgpeycaenlrtvgkffgkeieaeavikkemekiqpeldfyksklqgkkvwisaggpkswhlakpleeflgmdvvalsglfehedgyekmqerakdgtiiiddpntlemeevvekyqpdivlggikekyffhklgvssvmihsyengpyigfegfvnlakdiytaiynpawslmefedeepgdtne
>Chlorobium_luteolum_DSM_273  coded_by=1723343..1724704,organism=Chlorobium luteolum DSM 273,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqigilegrekqifekkdggqafdiscettslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfstdlremdviyggekklyaslieliekfspkaafiystciigligddidavcrkvaketgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaactalmklvgtgpiedispysinilgefnlageawiirkyyeemgievvstmtgdgrvgavrrahgatlnvvqcsgsmtslakdmeakygipyirvsyfgiedmsaalydvakhfpdrpeimekakeivsrevrnlypklqkfkaalsgkkaaiyvggafktfslikalrsvgmsvvlagsqtgnkedylalkemcdegtvivddsnpvelskfilekeadlliggvkerpiafklgvgfcdhnherkiplagfegmynfilevyqsvmspvwqfaprkggsl
>Mesorhizobium_huakuii_7653R  coded_by=complement(103960..105150),organism=Mesorhizobium huakuii 7653R,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mmgqgerklfkaireikeayappaifvystcvtaligddieavckragekfglavvpvnapglagsknlgnklaaeallehvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldvasahraraammvcstalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrniaellvkkgadpeilartetliaqeeaiawkkleayrrrlqgkrlvlntggvkswsivhalmeigieivgtsvkkstledkerikqddnhmfeqmaardlyamlsegkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdcqpamkdeppsttsgtaslhalkkftgttptisasveetr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpp2.11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpp2.11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkpdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskehdgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkispeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lrc41  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lrc41,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkpdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskehdgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkispeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum_M0795  coded_by=complement(1538071..1539591),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum M0795,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mkinlntpvvesreqrlgtiigwdgkasdlskestyayggcdidgkqrdcrlceirgpftqgstcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgagqvlynsiyrnglalrnlpveniriictnlqesdmvfggidkleeaiktawdrfhpkaifiatscatgiigddvdsvaskyeeelnipvvplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgivrqivrknpkkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpmlaelglrvnyvvdlatvedlerlseaaatvtfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpqikapqpygfagtdawireigrvthreekaeayiakeharvfprinelrkelkgvkgfiatgsayshgliavlrelgievdgslvfhhdpiydsrdkrqdslsylvgnygdvkyfsvsnrqqyqffgllhrvnpdfiiirhnglaplasrmgipavplgdehtavgyqgiinlgeiiidvlahkkfhqdlashtklpykkwwldqkdpfilakdknllni
>Syntrophobacter_fumaroxidans_MPOB  coded_by=complement(1248818..1250188),organism=Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans MPOB,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mmtaagsvifeerksqihrkgekpfdmncnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpalhrmsfstdlqerdiifggeeklyralielidrhrpraafvystcivgiigddleavcrrvsaekdgipvlpvqsegfkgnkregysaackamfrlvgtggtegisplsvnilgdfnlagelwivreylarigvetvanitgdgrvedimrahgaalnlvqcsgatmelaqmmkesygvpflrvsyfgvedmaqalydvaaffkdrdreivgrtralvkdellklypalqefkkdlcgkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrllgmkvvlvgsqtgtdqdyrelheitdrgtiivddsnplelssflkekecdvfvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkqplegfvgmlnfakeihssvmspvwrfvprrkarn
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae_SmR1  coded_by=complement(3244685..3246139),organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae SmR1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain protein
msltveettarntelinevlkaypdktakrrakhlttqeegksdcnvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigktgidsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekivdeiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkskqyeghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhvandaikewvldkmdpdknqfvatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaementpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwveynffgpsqieaslrqiashfddkikegaerviakykaltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvidaygdlgmkvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvedgtliyddvtsyefekfvekiepdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwgmakapwka
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae  coded_by=complement(3245211..3246665),organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msltveettarntelinevlkaypdktakrrakhlttqeegksdcnvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigktgidsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekivdeiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkskqyeghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhvandaikewvldkmdpdknqfvatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaementpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwveynffgpsqieaslrqiashfddkikegaerviakykaltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvidaygdlgmkvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvedgtliyddvtsyefekfvekiepdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwgmakapwka
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=3904375..3905904,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlktstvetreqrlgtiigwdgkasaladesayargecggcgtsgrggakarrvceltgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnirdavliqhspigcgagqviynsiyrnglamrghpvqnirfistnlrerdmvyggadkldaairaaferhapkaifiatscasgiigddvesvakhaeadlgipviplhcegfaskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrknptrkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpmlkelglrvnyvvdmatveelaqmseaaatvtfcytlgtylaqgleqehgvpqirapqpygfagtdawirevarvtgredkveafiereharvrpkveelkkklaglkgyvatgsayshsligvlrelgvgvdgslvfhhdpvydsedpkqdtlthlienygevenftvgnrqqyqfynllqrvkpdfiiirhnglaplaarlgipaiplgdelhafgyqgminlgeailavlqhrkfhqdiagrvklpykkswlaekdpfalaraqae
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(2993218..2994756),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mkinfktpvvesreqrlgtiiswdgkasdlskesayargscettcgeksrklceiegpftqgsvcseqmvecqaghirnavliqhspigcgagqviynsiyrnglagrnlpvenqhvictnlleedmvyggvakleqsirdaweryhpkaifiatscatgiigddvdgtasqmetelkipviplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgiirqvvrknpkkqedlvnvinlwgsdiftpmlaelglrvnyvvdlatvedleqlseaaatvgfcytlssymaagleqefgvpeikapqpygfagtdawfrelarvthreekaeayiakehariaprltelrtllkgkkgyvatgsayahglitvlrelgvevngslvfhhdpiydsqdprqdslahvvdnygdvshftvsnrqqhqfysllkrvnpdfilirhnglaplasrmgipaaplgdehhslgyqgiinlgesildilahkkfhqdlashtklpykqwwldqedpfilakeenplytegkkha
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1  coded_by=2242774..2244228,organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
msldnapdaafnealikevleqypekaakkrgrhlnikktddagasscgvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmlhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyfngtvgidsfvtmqitsdfqerdivfggdknldkmidelndlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavakkkhketgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekskpewetgpydvnliadyniggdawpsrrlleemglrvvgmwsgdatlaemerapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwveynffgpsqiakslrkiasqfdetiqanaekviakyeglvadvlakfkprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvanayddlgmtivgtgyefghnddyqrttdyvkegtliyddvsgyelekfiekirpdlvgsgikekyatqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspiwskfkapwkaa
>Dialister_invisus_CAG:218  coded_by=6830..8071,organism=Dialister invisus CAG:218,definition=putative nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msgvwravaccrgcavifhspmgcvhvaetmdlgshyriladgrqenmecvplvssnirekdsifggtgrlrqsisyvmetyqpeclfiatscvagvigddaesesaeaemkygipvicipyagflggeysegyyktaetiierffrpcehehnrilllgdqmgpegqyvtevkrllsllglevqgqfpgylpfsewanapaaelaivlgttgqsdrmngmadllekkfgihavkdmypigwentckwileigrlhknvekakviieeekkridsyvksilhitkgkkavigigrgthwynpsdtisalrqlemrieavilydnltdkekaeyrhrigkeesipvydgrdgqelidaadillttneivstktkqffipmvpmvgtngeimifralyrllcrygnkggiayati
>Methanobacterium_formicicum  coded_by=complement(209828..211306),organism=Methanobacterium formicicum,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit NifD
mpyklfdvdkeiperkkhtyvkhcsdpdecmpacnsktvpgsmsergcafagakgvitgalkdvvhvvhspvgctyyaggtkryptspnmpdgskfpienfnlkyvcgtdimesdvvfggmkklrqsiidasqefpeataiyayatcttgligddmdavakeltaelgkdvvafnapgfagpsqskghhianhtifermvgtkeppsttpydigligeynidgdlwilesylkemgirilsrfsgdsthdeicfmhrtklnlvrcqrsatyiadlikekyevpyinvdffsteycaenlrtigkyfglekeaekviadrmakvgpelefykeklqgkkvyifsggpkswhlatplenelgmdvtavasqfehedgyvkmkkrvkegalivddpnsmeleemitndkpdlilagikekymahklgvpslmihsyengpyigfegflnlakdmysyiynpvwkmlefeespvendeskiiaesietpdkaevgk
>Methanobacterium_sp._MB1  coded_by=complement(131935..133413),organism=Methanobacterium sp. MB1,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpyklfdvdkeiperkkhtyvkhcsdpdecmpacnsktvpgsmsergcafagakgvitgalkdvvhvvhspvgctyyaggtkryptspnmpdgskfpienfnlkyvcgtdimesdvvfggmkklrqsiidasqefpeataiyayatcttgligddmdavakeltaelgkdvvafnapgfagpsqskghhianhtifermvgtkeppsttpydigligeynidgdlwilesylkemgirilsrfsgdsthdeicfmhrtklnlvrcqrsatyiadlikekyevpyinvdffsteycaenlrtigkyfglekeaekviadrmakvgpelefykeklqgkkvyifsggpkswhlatplenelgmdvtavasqfehedgyvkmkkrvkegalivddpnsmeleemitndkpdlilagikekymahklgvpslmihsyengpyigfegflnlakdmysyiynpvwkmlefeespvendeskiiaesietpdkaevgk
>Methanobacterium_formicicum  coded_by=complement(1513132..1514610),organism=Methanobacterium formicicum,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpyklfdvdkeiperkkhtyvkhcsdpdecmpacnsktvpgsmsergcafagakgvitgalkdvvhvvhspvgctyyaggtkryptspnmpdgskfpienfnlkyvcgtdimesdvvfggmkklrqsiidasqefpeataiyayatcttgligddmdavakeltaelgkdvvafnapgfagpsqskghhianhtifermvgtkeppsttpydigligeynidgdlwilesylkemgirilsrfsgdsthdeicfmhrtklnlvrcqrsatyiadlikekyevpyinvdffsteycaenlrtigkyfglekeaekviadrmakvgpelefykeklqgkkvyifsggpkswhlatplenelgmdvtavasqfehedgyvkmkkrvkegalivddpnsmeleemitndkpdlilagikekymahklgvpslmihsyengpyigfegflnlakdmysyiynpvwkmlefeespvendeskiiaesietpdkaevgk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5029F  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5029F,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._0401m  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 0401m,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosaeta_concilii_GP6  coded_by=544370..545797,organism=Methanosaeta concilii GP6,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein
msviktfegreghisqktgydpvslscsneslagavsqracvysgarvvlnpltdalhlvhgpigcasytwdirgssssgpdlyknsfstdmseldvvyggekklarairdlaerfhppaifvystcivgiigddlkavcrsataelglpvipvrsegfrgnknegykaacnalfelvgtkeyrpaipyainllgeynvagdlwaikplfeemgievvatftgdgrvaeiqrshtarlnlvqcsgsmtylakkmeerygipyqhisffglgdlasalrcaarffadqsmlakaeeiieretarvmpkivyyrsrvqgkkaaiymggaakavslvrafeelgmevviigtqtgdrddyrkiscmvrdgtvivddanplelrellavqkadllvagvkerflayklgiafcdfnhdrttsfegydglinfareldaslnspvwrlplhrpspiagsrgleiekgiekaaeggvqadv
>Azospirillum_sp._B510  coded_by=complement(871204..872643),organism=Azospirillum sp. B510,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslsenttvdvknlvnevleaypeksrkrrakhlnvleaeakdcgvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigdtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavaraksaeigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfektepkadfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekfnipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddkikenaerviaryqplidaviakykprlngkkvmiyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeiigtgyefahnddyqrtphyvkegtliyddvtafelekfvealrpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgvmkapf
>Methanosarcina_thermophila_CHTI-55  coded_by=complement(785240..786568),organism=Methanosarcina thermophila CHTI-55,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
maksvyksiykstvptredrlnttityggtaselvnlttrkclkskdrafsqttfcqewlaiftlatikdavliihapvgctsslpyinifsrfgqilrgeiplnvkwistnlthveaihggedklkeaileadkrhnpnvifvfsscvagilgedidsitkrvqgevsatvipvycdgfkskvwasgydgsfqgvlnhlvkkpkkrrndlvnvinpltvgrldeveierllaklklkanfipnfttteaigksseaalttsmcptfseyfaksleerfqvpytqkvmpvgldntdlwlreigkllgkedevetvikaerervepkieelkeklagkrafvsagqsravgipnlladlgmdivgvtayhydevifesfanlekrcgnfctnianvqpfeqtnilnkeqpvflfrsrggvnlgckagipysydlqfisylcwl
>Methanosarcina_thermophila_TM-1  coded_by=120327..121655,organism=Methanosarcina thermophila TM-1,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
maksvyksiykstvptredrlnttityggtaselvnlttrkclkskdrafsqttfcqewlaiftlatikdavliihapvgctsslpyinifsrfgqilrgeiplnvkwistnlthveaihggedklkeaileadkrhnpnvifvfsscvagilgedidsitkrvqgevsatvipvycdgfkskvwasgydgsfqgvlnhlvkkpkkrrndlvnvinpltvgrldeveierllaklklkanfipnfttteaigksseaalttsmcptfseyfaksleerfqvpytqkvmpvgldntdlwlreigkllgkedevetvikaerervepkieelkeklagkrafvsagqsravgipnlladlgmdivgvtayhydevifesfanlekrcgnfctnianvqpfeqtnilnkeqpvflfrsrggvnlgckagipysydlqfisylcwl
>Geobacter_sp._M18  coded_by=2245299..2246741,organism=Geobacter sp. M18,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mseapvkkvegitkestqamidhameiypekarkkraphlapnegegacvksnrktvpgimsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlvtgvngvsqfamqftsdfqekdivyggdkklrtlleeahelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinsvakiaskdldlpvipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdhiigtrefaepetpydialigdyniggdvwsvkplleeiglnvkavwtgdgelekiaathrvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgptkireslrkiadffddtikekveaaiakydpimqavideyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtvnayadlgmtvvgsgyefahgddyertsvempeatviyddaseheleefvnelrpdligsgikekylfqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhayngfpifardvdmavnsptwklvkapf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS28_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS28_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS14_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS14_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS29_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS29_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS29_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS29_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS29_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS29_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS29_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS29_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS28_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS28_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS27_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS27_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS27_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS27_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS18_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS18_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS14_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS14_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=5631..6995,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=NifE
mekkisnslleeredfvcfkeghnkksmkcdgdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdnlyrnsfstdlseqnvifggekkliaaiegimenhnpklifvyatcivgvigddvkavckmaeekynvpvipvmspgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfsrnilpkrkginmlgdfnlageiwivkeylkkigvdvistitgdssydklikassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemdipfvkisfvgledtknsllriaslfgdeemlakakafvkeeeekilpilekykenlrgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtvmvgtqtgkkddyevinslvkdgtvvlddanpselekfmieqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfvgavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvkeseenegi
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=2329966..2331330,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekkisnslleeredfvcfkeghnkksmkcdgdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdnlyrnsfstdlseqnvifggekkliaaiegimenhnpklifvyatcivgvigddvkavckmaeekynvpvipvmspgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfsrnilpkrkginmlgdfnlageiwivkeylkkigvdvistitgdssydklikassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemdipfvkisfvgledtknsllriaslfgdeemlakakafvkeeeekilpilekykenlrgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtvmvgtqtgkkddyevinslvkdgtvvlddanpselekfmieqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfvgavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvkeseenegi
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=2329971..2331335,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekkisnslleeredfvcfkeghnkksmkcdgdsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdnlyrnsfstdlseqnvifggekkliaaiegimenhnpklifvyatcivgvigddvkavckmaeekynvpvipvmspgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfsrnilpkrkginmlgdfnlageiwivkeylkkigvdvistitgdssydklikassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemdipfvkisfvgledtknsllriaslfgdeemlakakafvkeeeekilpilekykenlrgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtvmvgtqtgkkddyevinslvkdgtvvlddanpselekfmieqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfvgavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvkeseenegi
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_BS1  coded_by=1898628..1899989,organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides BS1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdkleilegrkqsvfeknkdagafdiscettslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhivhgpigcaaytwdirgsvssgpelhrlsfstdlqemdviyggekklykslielidqytpkaafiystciigligddidavckkvseekgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaacdalmkivgtgstegigkysinimgefnlageawiirkyyeemgievvstqtgdgrvddirrshgaalnivqcsgsmvklakmmeekygipymrvsyfgiedmskalydvanhfsdnpaimeaaknivrrevgeiypqimkyraalsgkkaaiyvggafkafslikalssvgmdvvlagsqtgnkddyaglkemcdegtvivddsnpvelskfvlekqadlliggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkiplagfvgmvnfvkevyqsvmspvwqfaprkggkl
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=complement(41132..42625),organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaslkakiaevfdepgcdknqdksekarkkgctkqlspgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekrlfrsvreiiekydppavfvyqtcvtaligddieavckratekfgkpvipvnspgfagpknlgnklggealldyvigtrepdyttpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldalgvrilscisgdgrydavasahrakvnmmvcsksminiatrmqqrygipyfegsfygigdmsdtlrqiatllvrqgapadlveraerliaseearawariahyrkrlagkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagleivgtsvkkstkedkekikeimgddahmiddmtpremyamlrdakadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqerhhpyggyegmvelvheidraifnpvwqqvripapwgddgetlgavraaaaaasapiphgvhawamglepgvva
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1852004..1853542,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase
mgkinlrmvevqnrerrlgtiiawngtasdlhtqsgyqrrgsgcksnkdgcrlceakgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgagqvpynsiyrnglamrghkveniriintnlqetdmvfgalgklkqsiddaweryspkaifigtscptgiigediesvarkkeeelgipviplfcegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivkkstkkqedlvnvislwgsdiftpmfkefnlrvnyvvdmasvsdleqlseaaatvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpevkapmpygfagtdawlrelgkvthreelveqyiakeharvkpkiaelkkklqglkgyvatgsayahgliqvlreldiqvdgslvfhhdpvydsgdaredslghlienygevpsfnvsnrqqyqfygllqevkpdfilirhnglaplasklgipaaplgdehiaigyegivnlgeaildilahkkfhddlkkhaklpykqwwleqkdpyilakhpelidaqptis
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._csjp11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. csjp11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeassnfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_sp._Kolksee  coded_by=complement(1758598..1759947),organism=Methanosarcina sp. Kolksee,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mgisepletnnvisgaieapryscalagaystavgifgvvpilhsgagcgigqlfgqfygggqnaggpyggtstpcsslveehvifggekklealiestvelvngevfavisgcvpsligddvgavirrykeknpevpiihvntsgfagtsydgyeyffdavidqllekapkekglvnvfgivpsqhifwkgeareiktllekiglkanlivgefealenlkkipaaeynivlsswighktaekleekfdtpyisfpgvpigpkqtseflrvigerldvsadviedliareekrayrfaefvgdillitrphpyfavvadsnsavsitkylanemgylpdivqitdnppeearklineelttdletpawpeiiyevdayrirenlkdrnflfllassletpisgpefnalhltvsfpsynrvilehnyagfsggltlvedvmstyagpl
>Methanosarcina_vacuolata_Z-761  coded_by=complement(1790463..1791812),organism=Methanosarcina vacuolata Z-761,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mgisepletnnvisgaieapryscalagaystavgifgvvpilhsgagcgigqlfgqfygggqnaggpyggtstpcsslveehvifggekklealiestvelvngevfavisgcvpsligddvgavirrykeknpevpiihvntsgfagtsydgyeyffdavidqllekapkekglvnvfgivpsqhifwkgeareiktllekiglkanlivgefealenlkkipaaeynivlsswighktaekleekfdtpyisfpgvpigpkqtseflrvigerldvsadviedliareekrayrfaefvgdillitrphpyfavvadsnsavsitkylanemgylpdivqitdnppeearklineelttdletpawpeiiyevdayrirenlkdrnflfllassletpisgpefnalhltvsfpsynrvilehnyagfsggltlvedvmstyagpl
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=730295..731854,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase
mkkinlsiaevekretrlgtiiawdgnaaelvdqsdyngrgcgsknggcrlceiegpfaqgsgcseemvecqagqvrdavliqhspigcgagqvgnnrlfrfglatrnlpienvkimstnllegdmvfgatkklkqtvedaykrykpktifivsscatgiigediesvsseyekklkipivplicegfkskhwttgfdatqhgilrqivnkhpkkqedliniitlwgsdvytpmfrelglrvnfvidlasvedlerlseaagtvsfcytlssylsagleqyfgvpeikapqpygfkgtdawlreigrvthreelvekyiekehkrvepiikelrkklkgvkgftstgsgyshglitvlrelgisvdgslvfhhdpvydsgnveadslkhlvdnygdvknfsvsnrqqyqfysllkrvnpdfilikhgglsplasklgisaaplsdesltigyqgmiylgnkildilakkkfhnilkehtemqytdwwleqsdpyvlaknpnlldqkfnellesrraaai
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=730295..731854,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=Nitrogenase
mkkinlsiaevekretrlgtiiawdgnaaelvdqsdyngrgcgsknggcrlceiegpfaqgsgcseemvecqagqvrdavliqhspigcgagqvgnnrlfrfglatrnlpienvkimstnllegdmvfgatkklkqtvedaykrykpktifivsscatgiigediesvsseyekklkipivplicegfkskhwttgfdatqhgilrqivnkhpkkqedliniitlwgsdvytpmfrelglrvnfvidlasvedlerlseaagtvsfcytlssylsagleqyfgvpeikapqpygfkgtdawlreigrvthreelvekyiekehkrvepiikelrkklkgvkgftstgsgyshglitvlrelgisvdgslvfhhdpvydsgnveadslkhlvdnygdvknfsvsnrqqyqfysllkrvnpdfilikhgglsplasklgisaaplsdesltigyqgmiylgnkildilakkkfhnilkehtemqytdwwleqsdpyvlaknpnlldqkfnellesrraaai
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._PS8  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. PS8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._KS3  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. KS3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._PS6  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. PS6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._PS5W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. PS5W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._PS2  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. PS2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Clostridium_saccharoperbutylacetonicum_N1-4(HMT)  coded_by=3361596..3362960,organism=Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum N1-4(HMT),definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekkisnslleeredfvcfkeghnknsmkcdgnsvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgedlyrnsfstdlseqdvifggekkltaaiegimekhnpklifvyatcivgvigddikavckmaeqkynvpvipvmapgfsgnkskgykmacnalmnlfsrnvlpktkginllgdfnlageiwivkeylkkigidvvstitgdasydklikassasfnvvqcagsmtylakrmeaemeipfvkisfvgvedtknsllriaglfedeetlnrakalikeeeekvmpiinlykenlkgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfnelgidtamvgtqtgkkedyevisslvkdgtvilddanpyelekfmleqdvdilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplggfigavnfakeinlsinspvwkyvkeseeneds
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(111529..113007),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
maitinlinpeveirenrlksllsyngsasdlneksntgvlkckegsfnqcgdcsaqrafnqvaqikdvavvshgpigcagdfanfntenrgrlesrglkatniqalttnllekdtvyggieklkatldeayrrfnpkvifvttscasgiigddvesalndkekelgipvigvycegfkskiwttgfdasfhsvlrkivkppkkkqddlinvfnfagtdvftslfakiglrpnyviqlstveqleklseavasthvcqtlgtypgkileqeygvpevkaptpfgiqwtdvwlreigritnreeaveeliitererikpqleelrknlkgkkiyvlagasyvhnmisitndlglevigatsfhhdqhfdnndkrlnslnnviethgdikhynvcnkqphqiinilrylkpdllivrhgniaglgtklgiptvmtgdanigvgydgvletgerllqaiqtknlirniskhakfpytkwwyeqspfyfqggivne
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=4790855..4792441,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase, subunit alpha
mgaeiedkqlivdnilkvlpekaardrrkhivvrdcaaeqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcayftwgtrrnlakaeegednymnysvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpgaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaeeehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnslmehligtedikdptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyriissltgdgsfhkisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeltrkteeviaeekakyadeieryreklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphikekalgsiledvhyereenfkpsinaeritelkekiglmdyeglfpemkdgtivvddlnhheteflvkalkpdifcsgikdkywaqkigvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmaihsptwrfinppwkgegae
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=complement(1843271..1844797),organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=VnfE
mnsvndsivfhgklsrlyrlakegkiktnlqgshtrpckfwtatkilsgirnsiviahgpsgcaygvkqsykltnsrnsgapyeavvstnmdekyviyggekglkgaikevddkyhpdvifiatscatgiigdnvdavadkikdeinaqimpihcegfageyrsgfdlvfkqivrfmdppteeekarlahsvnivggkmgpertevdtdvkelvrlikgmgaevnsviagnctleeikrapsvavnctlcldlgyaignamleeygtplnstilpygisatkkwlkgaakklgmekeaedliqreyneikdefeeakkflqgklaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdlgmrpvifnfhpwstearetsidylletgldpevlitkgtvafgkyesmkqteeellaflgglsedsavyfgsslsfptiplvdlnailnrprfgfrgalkvakcvktaleysfrprsslskrmvfpeksglasiqsltpklgqdmpdctvyahrrrgkcmms
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=complement(1843145..1844671),organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mnsvndsivfhgklsrlyrlakegkiktnlqgshtrpckfwtatkilsgirnsiviahgpsgcaygvkqsykltnsrnsgapyeavvstnmdekyviyggekglkgaikevddkyhpdvifiatscatgiigdnvdavadkikdeinaqimpihcegfageyrsgfdlvfkqivrfmdppteeekarlahsvnivggkmgpertevdtdvkelvrlikgmgaevnsviagnctleeikrapsvavnctlcldlgyaignamleeygtplnstilpygisatkkwlkgaakklgmekeaedliqreyneikdefeeakkflqgklaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdlgmrpvifnfhpwstearetsidylletgldpevlitkgtvafgkyesmkqteeellaflgglsedsavyfgsslsfptiplvdlnailnrprfgfrgalkvakcvktaleysfrprsslskrmvfpeksglasiqsltpklgqdmpdctvyahrrrgkcmms
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=complement(2516771..2518252),organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase
mpkvnlnltevpirekrlgsitgfagtagdlvncsnsgclkdgtrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmirdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqmerdlppaigryfntnieemdtvfgalsklektirlaydrvkpnaifvttscasgiigedvesvtdrmtnelgipvvncvcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhsivrkivkppqkrtnkvniinfwgsdvfskllnrlgyeanyvvpfstvsqletiseaaatiqicptlgtymgaaleqvygvpeikapmaygiagtdawmrelgrvldredeieeiireeraavlpkleeyrakltgttcyltagsahghaliallrelgievqgaaifhhdpiydnestaadmldhtvktygdikgynvcnkqayelvnilnrvrpdlmiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdehfswgyqgllnyaeriletldnrefvtnlakhssmpytkwwleqdpytflggnthveay
>Paenibacillus_borealis  coded_by=complement(4741755..4743236),organism=Paenibacillus borealis,definition=nitrogenase
mskvnlntpevpvrelrlgsitgfsgtaaglvscsnagglkdgsrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmitdaamvnhapvgcagdffgynfvyrvgqmerdlppvigryfntnieemdtvfggarkleatirlaferakpkaifvttscasgiigddvesvtnkmtrelgipvvtcfcegfkskiwtsgfdsayhsivrkivkppekktnkvniinfwgsdvfsgllnklgyeadyivpfstvaqleriseaaatiqicptlgtylgaaleqvygvpeikapvayglagtdawmrelgrvldreqeieeiiavekaavlpkleeyrarltgttcyitagsahghaliallrelgidvqgaaifhhdpvydngdpaadmldhtvktygdvpnynvcnkqayelanilnrvrpdlmiarhggmthwgaklgiptlligdehfswgyqgllnyaeriletldnkefvtnlakhstmpytkwwmeqppytflggnvhvqay
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(14854..16122),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mknyvenprslcalngalgvfsalgktipilhagpgcglqatigvksgyvgggtgcpssnmfekevvfgginrlretiegtlevmegdlyavltgctsgiigddvenlvdefkrkdipiayietsgfkgdsyfgyevslteivkqfvtkstekddktvnifgivptqditwkgnieeitrilkklglkvntfftenqginnikasskaslnivfspwllkelsqiykdefnidtfryeglpigptatsdfirrlakhisidkelvesvikeeedyvfsyyeyinamiktyrfvvvgdanvvlglnrflvndygqiplisiitddvssedrkvienelnnlefarkpkiifendkwkiseiiraeqdeatlilgssfekeigielgietvtvsnpsteslilnkgyagyrgcltfledlydnn
>Methylococcus_capsulatus  coded_by=<1..>1089,organism=Methylococcus capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
gpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeysgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkagdkhpefqstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhleekygvpwveynffgptkiaeslrkiasffddkikegaerviakyqplmdavixkyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveaiqpdlvgsgikekyvsq
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=complement(2642492..2643832),organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mskfidrpryvcalggaigtlknlhrtipilhaaagcggnisnalnyasgylgsgycagqalsssnvyeqeivfggeerlyeqventikimdgdlyfivsgcmvemigddvksvakrfqdrdvtllaadtggfhgnffkgydivlstlfreftiktevkneklinlwgivpvqdvfwkgnlknlkqliedlgyevntffgedetldnlknagsavlnvvvsdtagieparvfeevhgvpyisvpfpigphgtrefitkiaerlgiekafadkvikkhqaryfsyieriadvyndldlqryaiivgdssyaqalarflsddlgwipelvvitdiltdeqkeivrerftnfesglkpkvvfdtdtssvkrhfrdvwpnnngsryynsfspafilgssfekdladelkvphlsvtypisnrvvmdrtyaaydgairltedifsalvanr
>Desulfovibrio_aespoeensis_Aspo-2  coded_by=1157650..1159035,organism=Desulfovibrio aespoeensis Aspo-2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mktsileerknqihrtgegaidiacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqetdvifggekkleaaldelidrhgpkaafvystcivgiigddleavcrkmsqkkgipvlpvqsegfkgskregylaackamfklvgtgdtagiskvslnifgdfnlageiwiirdyfrrmgvevvanvtgdgrvadigrchgaalnlvqcsgatldlakmmqeeygipflrvsylgiedmadslyqvadffkdtapgivertqelvrdelarlmpelacyrrdlegkkvamyvggsfkafslvkafrhlgmqvvmvgsqtgtkedyaeleqitdpgtiivddanplelsafikekdvdlfvggvkerpiahklgvgfcdhnherkealegfvgmlnfarevhasamspvwnfvprragravkreqeavne
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_137_str._F0430  coded_by=509893..511191,organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 137 str. F0430,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mateakrlifrrtncscampgvwralayvrgaavvfhspracahiartletgahyrsmaraaaeergavplfvsgiaedeavfggeellrrcldhvvrtahpeaifivsscvagvigddaeriaeetaeeygmpvialkshgfldgdyfggyletmrllaenfmtpteekkqgravllgdcggasgeyvrevrrllaalgvrdvlqfpsylslaelkavpaaefsvllgregdaaherevrdfarllterfgivcagdiypvgmgetlrwiarigaltgreeaaeeliaqertafdavlaagrdalagkrvvlavgravryfkpeplcrlleelgvvltgvvildaylpddraemerrvreassapviaerdaepfyaaadfvltthelanprlrqiflpmlpvagrrgeellidcmrrcaarrreggvlya
>Burkholderiales_bacterium_GJ-E10  coded_by=complement(1492667..1494118),organism=Burkholderiales bacterium GJ-E10,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msltaeetktrnkqlidevlkaypektakkrakhlntfeegktdcnvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigstgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideiqelfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkskefdghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdrvdpnknafeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiesslreiashfddrikegaerviakykplmeavvakyrprlqgkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwgltkapwk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Wall28  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Wall28,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdydiggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelgatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens  coded_by=complement(2918208..2919710),organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslattnsvaeirarnkelieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiadslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmdvigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmavnspiwkrtkapwkeapsaklqaae
>Clostridium_saccharoperbutylacetonicum_N1-4(HMT)  coded_by=1546543..1547811,organism=Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum N1-4(HMT),definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta subunit NifK
mqnyvenprslcalngaigvfsalgktipilhagpgcglqasigvksgyvgggtgcpssnmfekevvfgginrlretiegtlevmdgdlyavltgctsgiigddvenlveefkkkdipiayietsgfkgdsyfgyevsltelvkqfvekssekeaktvnifgivptqditwkgnieeitrilkrlglkvntfftenqgienikasskaslnivfspwllkelsdiyknefdidtfryeglpigptatsdfikrlakhipideelvlsvikeeedyvysyyeyinvmlktyrfiivgdsnvvlglnrflvndygqiplisiitddvpkenreeienelnnleyarkpqiifendkwkigeiireaqdeatlilgssfekeigieldiftvtvsnpstealilnkgyagykgcltfledlynnn
>Desulfonatronospira_thiodismutans_ASO3-1  coded_by=364976..366355,organism=Desulfonatronospira thiodismutans ASO3-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mqpgllkdrqkqvyqkgttpfdldcnkgslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpvgcaaytwdirgslssgpelyrlsfttdlqekdvifggekklyqalvelierhdpraafvystcivgligddlagvckkvsrekdipvipvqsegfkgnkragyqaackamfelvgsadtsdispvavnilgdfnlagetwiirdyyrrmgvevvanitgdgrvddirrchgaslnlvqcsgatvelarmmqekygipykqvsyfgmedmaralyetadffqdkdpgiaartqeivrrelqaihpevqkyrwdlegrkaaiyvggafkafslikcfrhlgmqveivgsqtgtkeeyqemadmchegtiivddtnpselarfikekdvdilvggikerpiayklgigfcdhnherklalegfegmvnfarevhstvmspvwnfvprraggmtnhknmed
>Methanobacterium_sp._MB1  coded_by=complement(128929..130377),organism=Methanobacterium sp. MB1,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkpvietfesrkkhmcvkgeglsipvcdkasmpgtvtqrtcvyggarivlmpitdsihlvhgpigcaactwdirgskssredlykkgcstdlqekdiifggekklfetvlelnrlyhpgaifvyatcvagvigddikavckksqeitgcrvipvqsegfqdhnktkghwiggdalldyvigtsepeentpfdinivgefnvagdlwgikplleemgvniistmsgdshveeiaqahraklnivqcqkssnyvakkmkkkygipfikvnffgleqtiislreiadffgdeemiqrtekiiqrgleevqdeirdykerltgktvalyvggnkawslvrafeelgmdvmmsgtkngikedyeriketvrdgtiivddanstelarllkkyrpnllisgakekyislklgvpfcdfnhdrisafagfrgfvsfakevdasvsspvfnltstslydisnnlnpekklknenspetilsppsggdthg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cmy11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cmy11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkpdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkispeterrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Syntrophobacter_fumaroxidans_MPOB  coded_by=complement(1251951..1253606),organism=Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans MPOB,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msaihegkaapaaeaidpaavkqeliakyptkvarkrgkqiivnrvgedcsvpeigantrtipgiitqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdlvnlthgpigcgfyswltrrnqtrpatpeeanfmpycfstdlqdedivfggekklraaileaydifhpkaisifatcpvgligddihtvakemkerlginvfafscegykgvsqsaghhianngifkhvvglddtsregkyrinllgeyniggdafeiervlekcgitlvatfsgnstyeqfasshmadlntvmchrsinyvaemmerkfgipwiktnfigagsaakslrkiakyfedrelsdrveeiiaeemvevekvqaevrarcegklamlfvggsrahhyqdlfaeigmrtisagyefahrddyegrrvlpdikvdadsrsieelevhpdpdryrprktaeqiaelkrdglsfndyegmmvrmadgtlviddisqyetermietykpaifcagikekyavqkkgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfyreidrmvnsriwsylkapwqtnpelaatyace
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC269B00  coded_by=complement(17661..19151),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC269B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkvgcsrpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkgireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtaepddpgpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavgeelprtksenvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Methanoplanus_petrolearius_DSM_11571  coded_by=complement(274288..275904),organism=Methanoplanus petrolearius DSM 11571,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtltelntdeimtpypdkvkknrkkhivaktgeaascpqieantrtvpgiisqrgccyagckgvvvgpikdmitithgpigcgyyswgtrrnkaradektppehlfgtmcfstdmqesdivfggekkltkmidevveifhprainicstcpigligddlsavskaaeakhgipvlhyncegykgvsqsaghhiannqimeriigtgtdelegdyiinilgeyniggdgweierilkdigynvnsiltgdsayvniknlhkahlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygtpwlkvnfigveatieslrdmaqcfgdedliartemvierelaaispeleryrkicegktafafvggsrshhyqyllrdlgmevvvagyefahrddyegreviptiksdadsknipelhlepdpemyeephlhlkmskgkydkmvemgklgnydgmypdmidgsvmiddpnhyeteelieifhpdlifsgvrdkyishkmgvpskqmhsydysgpyagfrgaiifaqdvanalstpawkmitppwekdetggde
>Methanocella_paludicola_SANAE  coded_by=904396..905730,organism=Methanocella paludicola SANAE,definition=nitrogenase associated protein
mdqskqsrddkcndpylrcafngaaqtalgvsrsallahspqgceylvnnafawqecdymetmtlctklcvdeivhggedllmrtireakdlkidalfvlsacgpeivgddivavcedmqpevdfklipiqspgfkgsqydgidialdtmikrlanddgekipnsvcliaphananptwmadlewvkqvlsemgvkvvatlshktplsdienvpsaeaslilshdagqraadylsakygieqvckgmplpigmtntqrwlnalgerfdaqkkaekmveegermvtatcrrkwpmarffyrtpaaivadatvgiplvrfvteememtpelvalyssrssvrdmlegelkelglkpnvvygtdvyktrrglmdvrpkivfgstierhaseglgvpytvevvrpmrqfrlinrayfgytgilnlfecvqnewvlrwrskdkryeakw
>Oscillatoria_sp._PCC_6506  coded_by=12981..14465,organism=Oscillatoria sp. PCC 6506,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtpiesttidpqdlaaevvdkkalikealelypdkakkkrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksvpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidsfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteldelfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaskeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfpqadkkkkelghegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemmmtptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptqiaaslreiagkfdqkiqdnaekviakyeaqtkavldkfysrlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafhdlgmkligtgyefghnddykrtthyiedgtliyddvsayefehfvkelkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwkk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3809  coded_by=1129..2805,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3809,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
msslsatiqnvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakvalqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsqiwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlykaikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddinavckaasakfgkpcipvnspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigtvepevttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirisacisgdgrykevasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapadlldrteaviareeakawaaiepfkqrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagmelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiddmapremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqershafmgyigmvklvaeidkaiynpmweqlrkrapwesasnnwqakaiaqanaeaaalaanpvaaeaarrakkichcksvdlgtiedaikahgltdvagvrthtnasggcgacagrvedilaaqrapaapllqaae
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilldemglrviahwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DesT10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DesT10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkliklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkarlnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Treponema_sp._JC4  coded_by=complement(161897..163342),organism=Treponema sp. JC4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mavqysgvreskegrvndfggsslqaaekfagkclkradrsfaqglqcqqinsmaclmsledsvfishspqgclgctimavdmyrvgqahrgikliknpriivtnldqksvvfggeqklreaaqkaiarynpklifiyascasgiigddidsiasdlgaeypnttfipihcegfkskvcasgfdaaflsinkyilkkqklptvpnlvnlfapttvsfadqkemermlsligaevnyipfysslekikripqavastsickvfadefmktleedygipyshtvmpigirntdkwyrgiakvlgkeaeveeiierehkrieplvakirarlegkrvficggtgrsfaaaaliddfgmklvgletptydddaqvdieylngihkdfvvdianmqpfeqvnlvkklkpdafigvpdwaaklgiptthvldgkrptmgydgllylgnkiadqlsnpgfnkklaehvklpyreswyeqdpfkfivgv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._R46173  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. R46173,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkstpeasstfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2818111..2819451),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtsyierprylcslggafltltalpgtipilhaasgcagnitwaqnggsglqaggycgglsvpssnvqekevvfgggdrlreqikntfdvmegklfvvttgcvteiigddvkavvnefrqeglpiiaaetggfkgnsydgydivmqaltrdyikpsqtkgkgkvnifgivpymdvfwrgnlegirqvltrlglevntfftpddtseslaqaanaelnivvsesygietakafeeihgipyivtglpvgpsatdklirdvakvlsldaeqaekiiteenrryyqyidsliecytdldlqkyavvigdlnyapaltrfladdlgwlpelvvytdqieedrkeyfagltdhlesglkphvifetttsrviehlnrlypkigsnkymkgfspafvvgssldrelaqainvphlsigfpvanravldrgytgyrgglrlaedllsaavvmr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC232B00  coded_by=complement(82994..84496),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC232B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaktgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkevefesgpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeenygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Methanococcus_maripaludis  coded_by=1751..3184,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mpfclldvdkdipereqhiyikdskepkghckqrcntntipgsmtergcafagvkgvitgaikdvlhvvhspvgctaygngttkryptrpempdgsvfpvenfnlkhivgtdltesdvvfggmnklkkvireaskefpfvnaiyvyatcttgligddldavckemqaelgkdvvafnapgfagptqskghhvgnytifenlvgtkeppkttdydinligeynidgdywvlekyfedmginvlskftgdathgelcwmhkaklslvrcqrsatyvaklieekygvpylkvdffgpeycaenlravgkyfgkeieaeaviqkemekiqpeldfyqsklqgkkiwisaggpkswhlskpieqylgmdvvalsglfehedgyekmqerakdgtiiiddpntlemeevvekyqpeivlggikekyffhklgvpsvmihsyengpyigfggfvnmardiftaiynpawklmgfgegepgdsne
>Methanosarcina_mazei_Go1  coded_by=1861..3459,organism=Methanosarcina mazei Go1,definition=NifD
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei_Go1  coded_by=867704..869302,organism=Methanosarcina mazei Go1,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei_Tuc01  coded_by=720202..721800,organism=Methanosarcina mazei Tuc01,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(22305..23903),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8148..9746,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(41955..43553),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=3950..5548,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=15153..16751,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17795..19393,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(43840..45438),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17788..19386,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(51757..53355),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17734..19332,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17796..19394,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=15153..16751,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8179..9777,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(43965..45563),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17757..19355,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8179..9777,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=29511..31109,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=3197..4795,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8179..9777,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=36384..37982,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(51750..53348),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8179..9777,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(44298..45896),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(44302..45900),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=15151..16749,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17759..19357,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(45238..46836),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8179..9777,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=15153..16751,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8179..9777,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17759..19357,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=3200..4798,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=40215..41813,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17797..19395,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(51743..53341),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8253..9851,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8179..9777,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei_C16  coded_by=complement(722407..724005),organism=Methanosarcina mazei C16,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(51821..53419),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei_LYC  coded_by=complement(695237..696835),organism=Methanosarcina mazei LYC,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei_S-6  coded_by=complement(717598..719196),organism=Methanosarcina mazei S-6,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei_WWM610  coded_by=complement(719499..721097),organism=Methanosarcina mazei WWM610,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17742..19340,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(51765..53363),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8155..9753,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=41332..42930,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=19154..20752,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(22304..23902),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17949..19547,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(43791..45389),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(64141..65739),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=3197..4795,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17797..19395,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(44312..45910),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(22273..23871),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=8179..9777,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=17979..19577,organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgaeinseigdkqqlvenmmkalpekaarnrrkhivvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhivhgpigcafftwgtrrnfakaeegednymnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifnpeavticatcpvgligddieavsreaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmenligtediknptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyrivstftgdgsfhklaqahraklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygipwlkvnyigtkatekslkkmaeffddpeitrkteeiiaeetakyrdeiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhytnlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmqekalgsiledihyekdenvkpavsperieelkkkiglmdyeglfpemkdgtividdlnhheteallktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqkhgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvvnfardidmamhsptwrfirppwkgegee
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Soph313_CPI-0246  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Soph313_CPI-0246,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspeakpafeatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5915J  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5915J,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpeksqfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5792C  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5792C,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpeksqfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5057B  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5057B,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpeksqfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=complement(3302499..3304007),organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
maihlnlsqatirekrlksivgyqgtikdlaeqsqsgclknatrgfsqatncnsgcaqgylstitdaaivnhgpigcagdvaganagfqwgqsirdwnqrnvriintnmsekavvfggdqilkegilkayerfkpkaifvttscasgiigddiestikkaeaeigipvvpvfcegfrsqiwasgfdaafhalltrivkpaekkrpelvnvinfagsgraviteifgrlglvpqfgipysnieeisrwseaaatisicgtlgsymgngleqnfgvpyvtalqphgisgfddwltklgetvgkekeveeylaeqkvlaapeleeikfklkgkkvvvgmgpsfahnyirfledlgmevvwgfswhydakhdhggcpsctveltktdkdipvsvsdqqnhevinllskvkpdifigrhpgmsvwatkmgipaimvsdeysafgyqgtiefghriidaltnnslavnlskrinlpytewwleqdpfsfqeqknkkresenkknvavr
>Rhizobium_sp.  coded_by=286..1788,organism=Rhizobium sp.,definition=Cowpea Rhizobium IRc78 nifDK genes enoding dinitrogenase alpha and beta subunits, complete and partial cds
mslastqsiaeirarnkeliqevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftfdfrekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqveadgkpkveptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleanvegklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrriagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrsrhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtlihddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmggpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkktkapwkeasrakllaae
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=complement(<1..>757),organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvtaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Nodularia_spumigena  coded_by=1..1524,organism=Nodularia spumigena,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenkkiveerkelikevlsaypdkakkkrekhlnvfeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqeleilfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarkaakeidkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradkakadgslkfdstpydvaiivdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdekiqanaekviakyqptmdaivnkyrprldgktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwaligapwnkkaqakkakakqqpreiakg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lfta7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lfta7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lfta11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lfta11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lfta1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lfta1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._la.2b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. la.2b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._la.1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. la.1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lus17  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lus17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=complement(1913615..1915207),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=Fe-only nitrogenase FeFe protein subunit AnfD precursor
mpyhtfkcseciperamhavikgpgedltsclplgylntipgtisergcafcgakhvigapmkdvihlchgpvgctydtwhtkryisdndnfqlkyawttdmkeknvvfgaekllkqniidcfkafphikrmsiyqtcasaligddinavakkvmeempdvdifvcnapgfggpsqsgghhkiniawvdqkvgtfepeikskyvinyvgdyniqgdaeiivdyfqrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygtprldidgygfeplsaslmkvamffgiekeaqdiideeiarwkpeldwyakrlkgkriclwpggsklwhwahvieeemgvkvvsvyskfghqgdfekgvarcsegalaiddpnelegieameilkpdcvltgvrpgevskkmriqylnihgyhngpykgfegwvrlardlynaiyspihqlsglniskdeiptdkgfvtrkmisdvniiedgktpieerpytgecdivtrlrgkkypklepqqplgmvmeggeaing
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Wiesmoor  coded_by=4149933..4151525,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Wiesmoor,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) alpha chain
mpyhtfkcseciperamhavikgpgedltsclplgylntipgtisergcafcgakhvigapmkdvihlchgpvgctydtwhtkryisdndnfqlkyawttdmkeknvvfgaekllkqniidcfkafphikrmsiyqtcasaligddinavakkvmeempdvdifvcnapgfggpsqsgghhkiniawvdqkvgtfepeikskyvinyvgdyniqgdaeiivdyfqrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygtprldidgygfeplsaslmkvamffgiekeaqdiideeiarwkpeldwyakrlkgkriclwpggsklwhwahvieeemgvkvvsvyskfghqgdfekgvarcsegalaiddpnelegieameilkpdcvltgvrpgevskkmriqylnihgyhngpykgfegwvrlardlynaiyspihqlsglniskdeiptdkgfvtrkmisdvniiedgktpieerpytgecdivtrlrgkkypklepqqplgmvmeggeaing
>Methanobacterium_paludis  coded_by=complement(2110997..2112478),organism=Methanobacterium paludis,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpyklfdadkeiperekhvykkhcsdpdgemphcntktvpgsmtergcafagakgvitgalkdvlhvvhspvgcttysagtkryptspdlpdgtkfpienfnlkyvcgtdiqesdvvfggmkrlkrsiieaskefpeanaiytyatcttgligddmdavakelteelgkdvvafnapgfagpsqskghhianhtifdrlvgtkeppnttpydvgligeynidgdlwvlesyfkemgirilsrfsgdsthdelcwmhrpklnlvrcqrsatyiadlikdkydvpyikvdffsteycaenlrtigkyfglekeaekviadrmakvgpelefykkklqgkkvyifsggpkswhlaiplenelgmdvtavasqfehedgyvkmkkrvdegvlivddpnslefeemieedkpdlilagikekylahklgvpsimihsyengpyigfegflnlakdmyaniynpvwnlvefeenpageeeskiesgsiekednqvevak
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PAl_5  coded_by=complement(1743127..1744566),organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PAl 5,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msdalkakvtelfnepgceknlakgekerrkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdavhlvhgplacegngwdnrhaassgpklyrlgattdlsqmdivmglgekrlykaikdviaryappavfvystcvpaltgddvvavcahasqklatpcipvnapgfvggknlgnklagealldyvigtmepeistptdinilgeynlsgelwqilplfralgirvhacvtgdaryrevasahrsrvnmmvcstalinvarkmeerwgipyfegsfygiedtsaalraiagmlvargapadlparaealiaeeearaweaiapyrarlegkrvllytggvkswsivsalqeigmvvvgtsvrkstdndkqkikdlmggdahmvdaippremyaqlrrgdadillsggrtqfvalkarvpwldinqerhqayagydgmvalvreldrslsnpvwadvrrpapweeddadaflddapfltpls
>Rhizobium_sp._Pop5  coded_by=<1..1223,organism=Rhizobium sp. Pop5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
sfttdltetevvmghgerklfkaireikeahappaifvystcvtaligddievvckraaekfglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigsvepndvtaydiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiakllvmqgadpeilertealiaeeeaiawmklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmevgieivgtsvkkstpedkerikqllkdenhlfesmaprelynmladgkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwmevrepapwecqhaveeeltntksenetgyvlqnfvgavagsfckr
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae_CCNWGS0123  coded_by=complement(19061..20554),organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae CCNWGS0123,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvarsgdeagevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgintfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieelfplnkgmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpfdvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygidwmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeiedkaeaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkktepsaaiaae
>Pseudanabaena_sp._PCC_7403  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Pseudanabaena sp. PCC 7403,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdtvfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvccegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Methanocaldococcus_vulcanius_M7  coded_by=complement(388230..389666),organism=Methanocaldococcus vulcanius M7,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvllgcdkpipermkhtyiydpeeeiipacniktvpgdmtergctfaggrgvvggpikdvihmvhgpvgcayytwgtrrnlsdcelhrrycfttdmqeadvvyggekklekacleaaaefpeakgiiiyatcttgligdnlgavakkveekigkpvfacncpgyagcsqskghhifntefyrwlkkarekfpekclkeeektpydiaivgeynmdwdmavikplfekigcrvvtvftgnasfddlfklpdvklcvvhcqrsanyiaemirdgfnipriwvslfgieqtaealrktaeslnipmdrveevikeeiesikpqiefyksklegktclvyvggprtwhwvramkelgikyvvacctfaheddyeklnknfkkaglkgvlvidapneleleeavekykpdfmltglkerylfrkfgiptinshsyeqgpyagfrgfvnfardiykaiyhpiwdivkegekkfeglkkceni
>Methanocaldococcus_vulcanius_M7  coded_by=1061155..1062591,organism=Methanocaldococcus vulcanius M7,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvllgcdkpipermkhtyiydpeeeiipacniktvpgdmtergctfaggrgvvggpikdvihmvhgpvgcayytwgtrrnlsdcelhrrycfttdmqeadvvyggekklekacleaaaefpeakgiiiyatcttgligdnlgavakkveekigkpvfacncpgyagcsqskghhifntefyrwlkkarekfpekclkeeektpydiaivgeynmdwdmavikplfekigcrvvtvftgnasfddlfklpdvklcvvhcqrsanyiaemirdgfnipriwvslfgieqtaealrktaeslnipmdrveevikeeiesikpqiefyksklegktclvyvggprtwhwvramkelgikyvvacctfaheddyeklnknfkkaglkgvlvidapneleleeavekykpdfmltglkerylfrkfgiptinshsyeqgpyagfrgfvnfardiykaiyhpiwdivkegekkfeglkkceni
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=1462623..1464140,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=Nitrogenase
msyyeqnipptreqrltigdsfsgcgkelldcaqsgcmlqknrkfwqagacqmqlslmmaatvensviimhgpvgcgstlhslgpaankgkakrgkkpqalvwlstnlqesdvigggekklretveyadktfrpeiifvvstctpsiigddveevvhqtqkgvaahlvsihcpgfrtrvvataydsfyhgllkhlpleplpaeafiplkendpgyelaaqqfayrksrtvnlfnatsigpadeeelvrllkalnlnvqvyteysslaeyrkmsqaalnismcnvhddyllaylqdkyalpyviqgmpigtkavrkwllavaehfdleekanrladqeekqvnealqpflpalkgkrvlisggvirvaeeakvlkdlglevigvrayhydngaepvygslvdelpevhvsvsnqlfelanqiaryqpdlviahngtqgwvakmgvpaiqlfdvdrayfgyrglfslvkriafafentslprrlaqhvnlpykkewyekdpfsylkg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_375  coded_by=complement(23170..24843),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 375,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
msslsatiqnvfnepgcgknankseaerkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakvalqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsqiwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlykaikeiiekydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddinavckaasakfgkpcipvnspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigtvepevttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplfdelgirisacisgdgrykdvasshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarllvergapadlldrteaviareeakawaaiepfkkrltgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagmelvgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgqdahmiddmapremykmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaampwldinqershafmgyigmvklvaeidkaiynpmweqlrkrapwesasnnwqakaiaqadaeaaalaadpvaaeaarrakkichcksvdlgtiedaikahglsdvagvrthtnasggcgacagrvedilarasapaellqaae
>Treponema_primitia_ZAS-2  coded_by=1295773..1297413,organism=Treponema primitia ZAS-2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mlpvqelssvedfkanileayppkiakkrarqiivnkventedvpvimantrtipgiitmrgcayagckgvvlgptrdilqithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtrptsdqdenymtyamstdlqedeiifggekklraaveeavalfhpkaigifatcpvgligddvhavarameekypdinifafscegykgvsqsaghhvannkvftdvvgqddtfskpgefkfnilgeyniggdafeierivedcgltlhstfsgnstyqefssahnvdlnvvmchrsinylaemmdkkygipwfkvnfvgaegtskslrkiaqfyqnddlakkteavieremvevakvrddvksrcegktavlyvggsrahhyqdllreigvvtisagyefahrddyegrkvmpsitvdadsrnieelsveadparykprisaeerakresegfefadyhgmmpdmedstliiddcnhyeleelldrfhpdlvcagvkekyvvqkrgipmkqlhsydymgpfagykgainfykeidrllncnafkftkapwdtepelsatysynd
>Azospirillum_amazonense_Y2  coded_by=10863..12362,organism=Azospirillum amazonense Y2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msmsetqsvaeikernkeliaevlqvypektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhvandairdwvfdksaakpaafeaspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasyfddkikegaerviakyqaltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfveriqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainapvwkmakapwkgaaqprllaae
>Oxobacter_pfennigii  coded_by=complement(259424..260497),organism=Oxobacter pfennigii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mffrrrtfhigspagynpilhcasgcagniawsqnggsglqvggycgglnvpssnvgendivfggtdrlneeirttleimegklfvvitgcvteiigddiravtaeykengidivsantggfkgnsylgydivlseivkqyvkkglqkekgtvnilgivpymdsfwrgnligirhlleniglrvntfftiedsldvlkssssaelnivlsdvygietakvykdihgipyitatlpigpttseallrkvakeinlnvnvdsivteenrkyykyieplmdvyndsdlqkyavvvgdvnyavavtrflsddlgwipvftkltdvlnedqqdkirkkltllhlrpdskwyltpmparqsai
>Spirochaeta_thermophila_DSM_6192  coded_by=complement(427242..428912),organism=Spirochaeta thermophila DSM 6192,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
meglerfdlekireeilerypakvarkrakqvvinrkdpetgtppeivanvrtipgiltmrgccyagckgvvlgptrdilqithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtkprteedqnflpyafttdlteneiifggekklkaaieeaiaafhpkaigifatcpvgligddihavakemeekypevnifafscegykgvsqsaghhiannklftdvvglndevkegrfkvnllgeyniggdafeverlfercgitlvstfsgnscyedltrahtadlnlvmchrsinymaemmekkygipwvkinflgaaatakslrriaaffddpeltarveeviseemaevekvreevyprtegkiamlfvggsrahhyqalfeelgmrtvaagyefahrddyegrrvlpyikidadsrnieelevgpdpvryrprvtqeqaeklkalgiefmdyrgmmpemdeeslviddlnayeaevlierirphifcagikekyviqkfglpmkqlhnydysgpyagfkgainfyreidrmvnsriwqmvcppwektaplegayvkereeesyahathd
>Xenococcus_sp._PCC_7305  coded_by=1..1443,organism=Xenococcus sp. PCC 7305,definition=NifD
mstvednkqliqdvleaypdkakkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnvkslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklgkiideieelfplnggvsiqsecpvgligddiesvarqatkktgktvapvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandiirdwvfpqadeenkdsefestdydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrivaqwsgdgtlhemkmtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekydipwfeynffgptkiaeslraiaalfddkikegaerviakyqkqaddviakyrpklegekvmlmvgglrprhvvpafvdlgmeivgtgyefghnddykrtteyvkdstviyddvtgyefekfaeglkpdlvaagvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalksptwgligapwkk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC221B00  coded_by=139497..140987,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC221B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkkgcskplapgaaaggcafdgakillqpitdvaqlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglpvvpinapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigaaepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmeqrwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhmfeqmaarelyamlseckadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdcqpavrqelprtksetatlhvvqelagttagnfgec
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_3  coded_by=complement(1172869..1174221),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 3,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mgisepletnnvisgaieapryscalagaystavgifgvvpilhsgagcgigqlfgqfygggqnaggpyggtstpcsslveehvifggekklesliestvelvngelfavisgcvpsligddvgavirrykeknpeipiihvntsgfagtsyegyeyffdsvidqlleekvpkekglvnvfgivpfqhifwkgeartiktllekiglkanlivgefdalenlkkipaaeynivlsswvghetakklegkfdtpyisfpgvpigpkqtseflrvigerldvsadvieylisseerrayrfaeyvgdvlliarphpyfavvadsnsavsitkylanemgylpdivqitdnppeearelineelttgletpawpeiiyevdayrirenlkdrnfmfllassletfisgpefnaihltvsfpsydriilersyagfsggltlmedvmskyagpl
>Heliorestis_daurensis  coded_by=820..>2069,organism=Heliorestis daurensis,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
mseqpkvnremvddilsaypekakkmrakhivvkdegcttcaiksnsktipgvmtargcayagskgvvfgpvkdmihishgpvgcgyyswstrrnlaagergvdnfvpfqftsdftendivyggdkkletlireikelfprvkgisiqsecpvgligddiesvarkmskefdmpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhmigkkeraevgpydvaligdyniggdawatkkvleemglnvtniwtgdgtaemlqtahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhleeeygvpwmefnffgptkieqsilaiaerfdekimknakaviakykpmmekvveqyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefahkddydrtipmmndatviyddvtayefeefvkrlkpdligs
>Chlorobium_tepidum_TLS  coded_by=1440819..1442186,organism=Chlorobium tepidum TLS,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdtqkisllegrekqvyektaggvevdiacdktslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadaihivhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfstdlqemdviyggekklykslielidqyqpnaafiystciigligddidavckkvakekgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaacmalmkligqgstegiskysinilgefnlageawiireyyekmgievvatmtgdgriddirrshgaslnvvqcsgsmttlakemeekygipyirvsyfgfedmskslydvaqhfperpdimekakeivrdeirkyypemqkfkaalagkkaaiyvggafktfslikalrtigmsvvlagsqtgnkqdyknlkemcdegtvivddsnpvelskfvlekeadlliggvkerpiafklgvgfcdhnherkiplagfigmyyfakevyesvmspvwqfaprkggak
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii  coded_by=complement(8329..9849),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii,definition=nitrogenase Fe-Mo alpha chain
msldyendgdfnsrlidevlsqypdktakrrkkhlgvakgreeaeqgsdalcetgvksniksipgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgveafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideveqlfplnngvslqsecpigligddieavarkkakehdktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkketdfepsffdvnvigdyniggdawasrilledmglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkatlnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrniaaffgpetqdkaealitryqplvqavtekyrprligktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyertghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelesfieairpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglydppwkethcsdaggvcscgrdde
>Desulfuromonas_sp._WTL  coded_by=2745549..2746901,organism=Desulfuromonas sp. WTL,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
madkpkirelldesacahnkskqspcnaptpgatsggcafegaqislfpyadaahlvhgpitclgaswetratktsypgrdltqmgfttdistsdvvfggekkllsaidyimahytpeavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrhaaekygvpmvpvhapgfvgsknlgsriggeaalahligtkepetttpfdinligeynvtgdlwqyspllgelgirilstlsgdgrikeirtahrarlnvivcakslisltrkmeerygiptislsfygkrdtsagllaiaealgdegliertkaliareearldgklqpyrelfkgkkavlntggnktwsiasalqdlgievvatavkkateadrqkaretlgeagvlmmnpgaeqakiiddtgahlllaggrslytaikkgiafadvnqekkksyggydgllnlaedlknalenpvfenvarrapwek
>Prevotella_bryantii_B14  coded_by=complement(43324..44895),organism=Prevotella bryantii B14,definition=nitrogenase
manrinldmttvknrelrlgtiigwdgsakelieqsaydersvkkhggcagagqgcrlcelqsplnqttmcsnaivqcqignltdcvlidhapigcssenakfnlsmhvglarrgkpqqntlnmstnlqekdmvfggsaklrqairiakerynpkaifismacataitgedidsvaeelepevgvpviplhcegfrskhwstgfdvafhgvlrqiverhptkkqkdlinivalwgtdwftdllkplglrvnylldcasyeeirqaseavatttfcetlggymgaaledqfgvpqidapqpygikgtdawlraiakvvgkekeaeafiesehqriapqleayreyfkgkygmvltgsayahglisvlaelgikneaalvfhhdpiydgagknqdtlkelvetygdiphytvsktrafqlpqllkraktdfliirhpglasvaghlgvptfalgdehipvgydgilrvgeilkgvlartkfnktlqrhvrlpyndwwfnqddpfiltkdksvfvdiekkleevkf
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=3542915..3544231,organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=hydrogenase
msqsveqirhvcalgafesvlaikravpivhsgpgcvsklmvtlgtqnghqgsgyvgghaipctnasekevvfggtdqlrnlitntfdvidgdlfvvltgctsdiigddigevarkfkksgkpivyvetggfkgsnlvghelvldaiidqflepqpeiepglvnlwsvipyqntfwagdieqlnkllsaiglklntifgpdssieavrdipkaqfnlvvspwaglraaehlqekfgtpflhypvlpigptetsnflrtvgefagidpaivesvilkeenryyyyleraadtlletrllprrfstvgdslytlgisrfltndlglipdkqfitedtplkhqkgvttefakftndivaetvfsndggyveeelrklklrsrplilgssweravardlnayqlsisapisnqmvlsksyvgydgalhltediysvilndfm
>Anabaena_siamensis_TISTR_8012  coded_by=1860..3359,organism=Anabaena siamensis TISTR 8012,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppdkdknlieerkqlvkevleaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgttgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeievlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakkaskttgkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpqfdkakkdnkltiepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklilihcyrsmnyicrsleesyglpwmefnffgptkiaeslreiaarfddkikanaekviakytpvmnkvlekyrprvegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafadlgitvlgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatviyddvtayefeeftkqlkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwkktaakskakva
>Skermanella_stibiiresistens_SB22  coded_by=181781..183226,organism=Skermanella stibiiresistens SB22,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslaneqtkeatqalinevleaypeksrkrrakhigiqtaeakdcdvksnvksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigvtgvdswgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideindlfplvngisiqsecpigligddieavarnkateigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdktepkagfegtpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentplakvnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekfnipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddkiqanaeaviakyqplvdgviarfkprlngkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmevtgtgyefahnddyqrtthytkegtliyddvtayefekfvekldpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgkpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwnltkapwa
>Methanocaldococcus_infernus_ME  coded_by=complement(29607..30962),organism=Methanocaldococcus infernus ME,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
masenfkitpykvtlkkdglprcgtrstpgvitqrscvyygarwilapiknsihiihspigcayygatvrkktytiassdiseieiiyggekklkkaileaarelkgevifvyltcptalngdnieavcreaeeilkipvipvyspgfagcsqakgheigmkalfrlidrnvdsakelikkkrrykfykiskdeeltvniigefnvshdlevikellsklgirvictftgdcdlksmseskkaklnlvhcrstgkyianymeekygipqmkvsffgisntqkslleigkffnieeravevikeeynkikeelkfyleklegkkvgmfmggskigllsaafrdigmepiiigsqfgsledyleayinaedntilvddasnvdlqimmenkkpdifiggtkekflalklgipflsfpqdnypftgftgflnfarevykaiyhpiwklikfein
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS28_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS28_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS7_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS7_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS4_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS4_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16R1_16  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16R1_16,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoH15R8_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoH15R8_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS29_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS29_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS23_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS23_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23R4_50  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23R4_50,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS21R6_43  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS21R6_43,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16R10_36  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16R10_36,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16R10_32  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16R10_32,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16R2_19  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16R2_19,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS24_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS24_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS23_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS23_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS23_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS23_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS23_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS23_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS14_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS14_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS13_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS13_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS13_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS13_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS43_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS43_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS42_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS42_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS38_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS38_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS37_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS37_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS19_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS19_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS19_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS19_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS19_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS19_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS19_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS19_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS18_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS18_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS15_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS15_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS15_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS15_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS15_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS15_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS15_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS15_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS14_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS14_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS14_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS14_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS13_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS13_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS12_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS12_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS11_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS11_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS10_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS10_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS9_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS9_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS5_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS5_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS5_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS5_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS5_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS5_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS5_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS5_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS4_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS4_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS34_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS34_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS30_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS30_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS26_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS26_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS25_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS25_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS23_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS23_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS23_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS23_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS21_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS21_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS20_12  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS20_12,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS20_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS20_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS20_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS20_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS20_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS20_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS19_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS19_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS18_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS18_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS18_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS18_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS18_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS18_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS18_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS18_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS18_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS18_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_12  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_12,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_11  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_11,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS15_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS15_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS15_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS15_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS13_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS13_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS10_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS10_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS8_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS8_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS7_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS7_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS7_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS7_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS7_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS7_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS6_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS6_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS43_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS43_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS43_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS43_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS43_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS43_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS43_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS43_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS42_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS42_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS42_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS42_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS42_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS42_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS42_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS42_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS42_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS42_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS41_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS41_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS41_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS41_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS40_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS40_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS39_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS39_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS38_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS38_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS38_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS38_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS37_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS37_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS36_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS36_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS36_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS36_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS36_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS36_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS35_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS35_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._09LoS35_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 09LoS35_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS25_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS25_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS25_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS25_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS25_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS25_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS25_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS25_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS25_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS25_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS25_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS25_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS25_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS25_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS25_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS25_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS24_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS24_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS24_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS24_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS24_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS24_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS24_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS24_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS24_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS24_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_12  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_12,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_11  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_11,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS23_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS23_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_12  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_12,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_11  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_11,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS21_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS21_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS21_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS21_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS21_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS21_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS21_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS21_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS20_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS20_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS20_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS20_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS20_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS20_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS20_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS20_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS20_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS20_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS20_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS20_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_19  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_19,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_18  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_18,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_17  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_17,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_16  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_16,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_15  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_15,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_13  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_13,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_12  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_12,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_11  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_11,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_15  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_15,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_14  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_14,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_13  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_13,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_12  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_12,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_11  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_11,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS14_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS14_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS13_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS13_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS13_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS13_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS13_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS13_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS11_15  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS11_15,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS11_14  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS11_14,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS11_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS11_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS8_14  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS8_14,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS1_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS1_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS1_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS1_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS1_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS1_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS1_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS1_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS1_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS1_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS8_7  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS8_7,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS8_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS8_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS7_9  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS7_9,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS7_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS7_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS4_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS4_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS3_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS3_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS3_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS3_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS2_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS2_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS2_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS2_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS1_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS1_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Lyngbya_aestuarii_BL_J  coded_by=complement(66543..68045),organism=Lyngbya aestuarii BL J,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltrgkitelvnepgcehnskegqsnkkackqqaqpgaaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpiacsgnswgsrgslssgpvtyktgfttdlsendiifggekrlykaiaqivknhqpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqaaakkygtpiipvhaagfvgsknlgnrlagealldhvvgtaepeyttpfdinligeyniagemwnvlplfekvgirvlakitgdaryqevcqahraklnvmicskalinmarkmeeqydipfieesfygiddmnrclrniaekfgdaelkqrvekliasenaaldqklapyrarlggkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgidvvatstkksteedkarikkllgkdgitiekgspqellkvieqtgadlliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhayagyegmiemakeleealyspiwqqvrcsapwevgigepiagnreqgtgnsdqeiansekeligtvvpvaepiaeiggv
>Desulfotomaculum_hydrothermale_Lam5_=_DSM_18033  coded_by=complement(466937..468337),organism=Desulfotomaculum hydrothermale Lam5 = DSM 18033,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mpatkilnwscklkgvmdvpepvlwdtvleerkasiitkgkqkkhlkcdidsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselyrnsfstdlqeqdvifggenklaraidelvakysakvvfvyatcivgvigddleavckaaakkhnievipvqssgfagnkaagyraacdallrliqpgelssaprvntinylgdfnlagevwiiknylqqvgievnvaftgdsnykalknatraslnviqcagsmiylaqrmkelyqipylnisflgledtatslrkiaahfgdesimarveelierettkvkpvldwyrqrlqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyqtindlvdegtvilddanpselekfmlekgahllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfvgavnlakevystlcspvwqyv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Aec12.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Aec12.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsktkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdklpadaaprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Candidatus_Methanomethylophilus_alvus_Mx1201  coded_by=1152129..1154282,organism=Candidatus Methanomethylophilus alvus Mx1201,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH / Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mgrkiaiygkggigkstvssnltaalgdmgvkvmqvgcdpkhdstrgliggrsqntvleylktvkpedrrledvmatgyrgclcveaggpepgvgcagrgiisafdllddlgaesvdtditlfdvlgdvvcggfavplrngyadtvyivtsgefmsiyaannilrgtanydpdrigglifnsrgdpaedgrvkafseavgvpviavfgrspifmeaekqgktvvemrpdspeassfrglaqkvlegrryrarflsedelertilgrtsvpekaapasvqsntgsrrprpyssriaeydeplngcafsgassvctsidglttvlhspkscahftiqldsnsvngamrrgyrvvkafedpdvictdmkehdmifgggkalehvlgkcvaagkkdiavitacppgiigddvpgivgkvemnnpgtricilkedgnatgdfmqgvidagiglverfsspgetipfsvnlvgsktmssnmqselahvssilsslgitvncilpgitdmkglegasratvnlklnpdvfsdkicrfledrygmktleepvrggiegtsrwvrcvarffgceekadmiidgmrerfdrmmdgprrilsgktccivainndiswiveavegagleikgayilsrsdhtddltdermpdgftaiyendvpdvmrtinsshpdillvpaiadvdpsiyqsrlpcapstdtfaargltddwirgmlapkeegwrkdva
>Selenomonas_ruminantium_subsp._lactilytica_TAM6421  coded_by=complement(2945457..2947040),organism=Selenomonas ruminantium subsp. lactilytica TAM6421,definition=putative nitrogenase Mo-Fe cofactor biosynthesis protein
mpkkinldmasvepreqrlgtiiawdgsteelheqsayelrgqkekgkkgcggncrlcelsgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhapigcgggqveynaiyrnglamrgykveniriintnlkesdmvfgaadklrqtiddawerykpeaifvasscatgiigediesiadekeaeldipvvplacegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivrrnpqkkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpllknlnlrvnyvvdlasveelaqmseaaatvgfcytlssylataleqhfgvpevkapmpygfegtdawlrelarvthrehlvedfiakeharvkpkveelkkklkgvkgfvatgsayahgliqvmrelgievdgsltfhhdpvydsgdpkedslgylnkhygkvnnfhvsnrqqyqlyaflqqvkpdfllirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehiavgydgminlgetileilahkkfhddirkhvqlpykqwwleqkdayilakhpelideddndyvkaaeggaha
>Syntrophomonas_zehnderi_OL-4  coded_by=complement(179021..180403),organism=Syntrophomonas zehnderi OL-4,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdmainqtdfsfipereksirtkgqqmqaiqcqadsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgadlyrhsfstdlreediifggerklmrcidelaeryhppvmlvystcivgvigddleavcrlaskrhrikvipvqssgfsgnksdgyriacevllrmiasqerilyqpfhlnylgdynlageawiicgylqeiginvnvaftgdsrceslltapgaalnivqcagsmgylakrmeeiygipflnvsflgledtmqslrriadffanpyiikrcealierelaqygpivkqyrqhlkgkkaavfvgggfkaislikqfrelgmevvmvgtqtgrqeeydaisqlvaegtvilddanpselerfmleqgadllvggvkerplayklglsfidhnherkhplsgftgaanfareveqtvcspvwkyldgpihtgrinp
>Prosthecochloris_aestuarii_DSM_271  coded_by=1772647..1774275,organism=Prosthecochloris aestuarii DSM 271,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mesrnkypdpstikeellkkyppkvakkrakaivindpeeipqvqantrtipgiitqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpdspegenymtycfstdmqeehvvfggekklkqaiqeaydlfhpkaigifstcpvgligddvhavskemreklgdcnifgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfkhvvglddtdnggkfkinmlgeyniggdafeierlldkcgitlvasfsgnstinqfenshtadlnvimchrsinymaemmetkygipwmkvnfigaessakslrriaryfeddelmarveeviaeempavdaiisdiyprtkgklamlfvggsrahhyqelfaelgmetlsagyefghrddyegrkvipnikidadtknieelkvtadpdkfkprrteeelaklkaegldireyegmmpdmksgslviddishyeseklielykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpyagftgamnfykdidrmvnsrvwkliqapwedvqseleatyvtq
>Geobacter_bemidjiensis_Bem  coded_by=2398346..2399809,organism=Geobacter bemidjiensis Bem,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha chain
mlnketymseapikkvegitkestqamidhaleiypekakkkraphlapnegegacvksnrktvpgimsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlvtgvngvsqfamqftsdfqekdivyggdkklktllaeahdlfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinsvakvaskeldipvipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdhiigtrefaepetpydialigdyniggdvwsvkplleeiglnvkavwtgdgelekiaathkvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgptkireslrkiaeyfddnikekvekaiakydpimqavideyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtvnayadlgmtvvgsgyefahgddyertspempeatviyddaseheleqfvdelrpdlvgsgikekylfqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhayngfpifardvdmavnsptwklvkapf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvhevgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Selenomonas_sp._FOBRC6  coded_by=5343..6647,organism=Selenomonas sp. FOBRC6,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgievkrvgirrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgavvifhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvrlspvplltsglgeseaifggeerlrecirfavdkyrpqavfianscvsgvigddtkaiaeemeaelglpitavsahgfldgeyyagyldaaralvdrfmqpaerregtvvllgdcggvhgayvrelrrllsllslrvtaqfpsylsldemqavpeaelivllgrrmddekqaqlaelaehmrerfgtpyladvyavgaeetirwlrrvgqlchreeeaeraiaaeeeafaaavekvrtelagrscalaigrdlswfqpeiilrllgkagvllngvvlldcflperravmeeevrrqtdapvfyegtdgadellhaadfvltthelvdaklrqlflallpsvgwsmerrllddmrqilhrhesrggliyg
>Caldicellulosiruptor_saccharolyticus_DSM_8903  coded_by=complement(2608344..2609633),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus DSM 8903,definition=Nitrogenase
mnaqnllqqrekhitkhgipecqrptipgimsqractfngarwvlapiknslhlvhapadcafygqnvrkknymilstdliekdivfgaarkleesiveadkifdsydlvfvyatctaaqigediewsikmvkdrvnkilipvivpgfsgysqadghyiaqraiasyilknfekteeiedsvniigeynvagesqvierllekiginvictytgdcslsqmeksvnarlnlllckssglllaqfmkerfsipymevsfygientiasikkiakffgkekaaeivaeeefskiknkiqffksqlqgkkaivllgasrigfmtnafkeagleilvcgsqfgcsndyemarcilpdsmlvddfncaeveeiilrfspdlfiggtrewylshkfgvpflvlpqetkpyacfegflhllidiykevhvpvwrli
>Methanospirillum_hungatei_JF-1  coded_by=312493..314679,organism=Methanospirillum hungatei JF-1,definition=NifH/frxC
mkynntdgpisriavygkggigkstisanisaaladegysvlhigcdpkhdstrtllgelhthtvtdffrtskiqtdysdlirigyngiacieaggpepgvgcagrgilstfeilkrmetdssrytytiydvlgdvvcggfavplrhgyadlilivtsgeymslyaannilrgihnfdgnikriggiiynsrggaeedeqvrkfsvavslpilvkiprseifltaerhsktvvaafpnsqetvlfrkliseffstknpipryrahplevmeleslilgrdisgytspshqvpvnfrpitndtdngtvhctipqkpslfgcafagaiavlsqiqdasiiahcpsscahivsnllvssqnrdrdksadygkqtsfsfihtgmdekmmvfggieglkktiiksvesgnrvifivsgctpgitgddivgcasemsqnlgipiipvsvngigegdfsagimagyhaslqlvkqeagknersvilvgekilannttanfnelsqylstldiqvscrflaytsvnevqsmseqslilpvssdkitleiskiisektgseifnhafpytfnetvrwiqdladrfriqdkgsaliarnekiyrkeialimlmtagkrviiassgpdiswvleavrecgmeiiragyfsspyttknnqkesepsivmdytpdalyddiktyrpdlvlttiwldykkadvrygmipfcpnvgffgalssmkhwasilsgpvregwrndl
>Methanosarcina_mazei_C16  coded_by=complement(719334..720866),organism=Methanosarcina mazei C16,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkemsektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Methanosarcina_mazei_WWM610  coded_by=complement(716426..717958),organism=Methanosarcina mazei WWM610,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkemsektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Marinobacter_sp._ES-1  coded_by=complement(28574..30049),organism=Marinobacter sp. ES-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtklskdeaqalinevlevypasakedrakhldfadggageesqkcvtsnrkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvdsfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkltkliseieqlfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavskaasreinkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdyvfdrkdggstlesgpydvailgdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlaemeqtpkvklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwieynffgptkiaeslrkiasyfddsikegaekviakyqpmmqavidkykprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmkvvgtgyefghkddyqrtneevkdatliyddvtgfefeefvkrvkpdlvgsgvkekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifakdmdmtlnnpcwnsmtppwkkagetrqaaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR473  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR473,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitpeheakfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleptpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=249387..250754,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
mcedkeklnsencknlsfmqcadcqspiisnvlstirnsvviihsplgcassfidfnikfkiglkkrglpiknaklvssnitesdvifdvdkklknaidrsiesfnpkvifitsscgsgitaldiqnvinsiqdeysipliiitcelynsgfwssgaklgqsknlnkliknnnicekfynvinftgnddikeildkipvnwnyitcyteyeclekmsgasgtllispdrfskyisewlkdefnipcinktlpygieatdnffdeidiwfkekfsvhniisndknrymeklkeikiklnyikclpiimgygyeksilvmlkdldinimdydskykmifdnsdmpffkkelsgnlyglqgvkisfnqayilinfighmkpdlvivkhyslrawtakmgiptlwiedefefygykgmlqfaqrlldlisnknfikninkysklpyrewwmrenllkkv
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=1383..2831,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=A.brasilense Fe protein and FeMo protein subunits and 353 bp orf, complete cds
mslsvnegvdvkglvdkvleaypeksrrrrakhlnvleaeakdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyvgdtgvdklgtmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkvieeinelfplvngisiqsecpiglngddiegvskakseelgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwilpkktepkegfvstpydvtiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaelenqpkakvnlihsyrsmnyiarhmeekfgipwmeynffgpsqiaeslrkiaalfddtikenaekviakyqpmvdavvgdaalrahgtkgrvplkplgprhrpivdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtqhyvkegtliyddvtafelekfvelmrpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwgimkapf
>Prosthecochloris_aestuarii_DSM_271  coded_by=1775706..1777067,organism=Prosthecochloris aestuarii DSM 271,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mekigilegrekqvyekkgdsaaidikcettslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadalhvvhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfstdlkemdviyggekklhqslteliaqyqpkaafiystciigligddidavckkvsqetgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaacdslmklvgtgstegigkysinilgefnlageawiikkyyeemgievvatmtgdgrvddirrshgaslnivqcsgsmvklakmmeekygipylrvsyfgiedmsmalydvakhfsdnpaildaakklvnrevselyprlqhfrqalegkkaaiyvggafkafslikalnsvgmsvvlagsqtgnkddyeglkemceegtvivddsnpvelskfvlekeadlliggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkiplagfvgmynfilevynsvmspvwqfaprkggls
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gsg4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gsg4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepngtpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Wall12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Wall12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepngtpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Phaeospirillum_molischianum_DSM_120  coded_by=complement(15792..17174),organism=Phaeospirillum molischianum DSM 120,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
mlkrkiqelmtepgcavntaksagerkkgcgkklvpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdsrnawssgptlyrlgfttdmnnldiihggekklykairkaiarhsppavfvyqtcvgaligddveavckaaterlgvpvipvnapgfvgsknlgnrlagealfehvigtvepndvgptdinilgeynvcgeldqfrpllarlgirlrasitgdarfadvaachtarvnmvlcsqalvtlarkmkekygipyfegsfygisdtsdalraiagllvergvdptltertealiaeqealawariepfkarlkgkrvllytggvkswsviqalqevgmevvgssvrkatasdrekalarlggdeekladaippremykmfaegradmmlsggrsqfialkartpwidinqerhhgyaaydgmvalvrqidlsinnpiwkqvrapapwdqq
>Dialister_sp._CAG:486  coded_by=3789..5084,organism=Dialister sp. CAG:486,definition=putative uncharacterized protein
malktkwllskskscsctlvgvyrslafcpgvvvifhgpigcahvastmdlgsgfrvmadggkenretiplvsshlrekdgifggidrlsdcisyvmdtyhpkcvwivsscvagvigddieqeaeaaeasygipvipmpfagflggeysdayyqttemmirrffrkekrvkgrvlllgdqmgpegqyvrevkrllsrfgltvkwqfpgyvpfeewkdipsadfsillgtagqpggmmkiaklledtydvptlgdvypvgweqtkdwiraladflhekergeeiireeearidhaassflpvtegkkavigigrgprwyhpqetlarierlhltcsgvvffdnlteddkktlreeiadvgdipiydsregqavmdacdillttneiyntkarqlfipmvpltgtegeiaelramyrllcrygkkggvayvtv
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlshysdkaakrrkkhlsvskkkreiaeegqvvsecgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktevkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavtdkywqrlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwktvtmpaaagaae
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=complement(5485218..5486681),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstavaespadikernkkligevleaypdksakrrakhlntydaekaecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyykgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplskgisvqsecpigligddieavskakskqydgkpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvfdkageknagfqstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgptkieaslreiaskfddkikegaerviakykpqmeaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvrpdlvgsgvkekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfgifardmdiainapvwkltkapws
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(316278..317741),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
mstavaespadikernkkligevleaypdksakrrakhlntydaekaecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyykgttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplskgisvqsecpigligddieavskakskqydgkpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvfdkageknagfqstpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgptkieaslreiaskfddkikegaerviakykpqmeaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvrpdlvgsgvkekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfgifardmdiainapvwkltkapws
>Azospirillum_lipoferum_4B  coded_by=complement(629852..631258),organism=Azospirillum lipoferum 4B,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
mlqdkiqdvfnepgcatnqaksakekkkgctkslkpgaaaggcaydgamivlqpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswdnrgsqssgpqlyrtgfttdlseldvigggekklyraikeivqqydppavfvyqtcvpamtgddiaavckfatqklgkpvipvdapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepeyttptdvciigeynlagelwlvkplldeigirllscisgdgrynevaqahrarvtmmvcsqalvnvgrkmqerygipyfegsfygvsdmsdtlrtmarmlvergadkslidraegviareesrvwrrlepykprfegkrvllftggvkswsmvsalegagltilgtstkkstkedkerikkmkgdefhqwddlkprdiykmladdqadimmsggrsqfislkakvpwldinqerhhayagydgivnlceeidktlsnpiwrqvrqpapwesgpsstllaae
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=complement(4380017..4381474),organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgldieankklveeileaypdkarkdrkkhfqvnteeskescscslksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfsetdivfggdkkleiicreikemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvlgkadlketgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwfeynffgpsktyeslraiaamfdekiqencekmiakhkvemdkiiakyrprlegkkvllmigglrsrhtvgayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyertfpmmqegsiimddptayeleelaqkmgvdlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnspiwglmnkkekvqpegasi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A211  coded_by=<1..>789,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A211,definition=NifD
tdakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=complement(2644613..2646061),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
misekiasvfnepdceknrgktagerkkgcgtkgltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpvtdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdtrnvgtsgpliyrwgfttdlsemdvihggekklyraikeavakyappaifvyqtcvpaligddidqvckvaserlglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklgaeallahvigtiepsdagptdiniigeynvagefalvkplfdelgiriracitgnsryrdlagahtarvnmmvcsqaminlgrgmrerwgipyfegsfygigdtsqtlrtiatllvergatadliartealiareeakawaamaayrprlagkrvllytggvkswsvvhalqemgmevvgtsvrksteddkararaaldqntgkvgelfgaianpemyrmfrdgeadimlsggrsqfvalkartawmdinqerhhgyagydgmlelvrqmdieinnpvwaqvrapapwdppaaspgvtplipagrraap
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=complement(2644613..2646061),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
misekiasvfnepdceknrgktagerkkgcgtkgltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpvtdvvhlvhgpiacegnswdtrnvgtsgpliyrwgfttdlsemdvihggekklyraikeavakyappaifvyqtcvpaligddidqvckvaserlglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklgaeallahvigtiepsdagptdiniigeynvagefalvkplfdelgiriracitgnsryrdlagahtarvnmmvcsqaminlgrgmrerwgipyfegsfygigdtsqtlrtiatllvergatadliartealiareeakawaamaayrprlagkrvllytggvkswsvvhalqemgmevvgtsvrksteddkararaaldqntgkvgelfgaianpemyrmfrdgeadimlsggrsqfvalkartawmdinqerhhgyagydgmlelvrqmdieinnpvwaqvrapapwdppaaspgvtplipagrraap
>Desulfarculus_baarsii_DSM_2075  coded_by=complement(500920..502563),organism=Desulfarculus baarsii DSM 2075,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtpamfnndttmtaaeikeellkkyppkvarkrakqiminealenetpeitanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdayapdaanymtycfstdmqdkdiifggekkleaaiqeaydlfhpkgicvfatcpvgligddihavaakmkakfgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfkhlvglddqgkpgkyrinllgeyniggdgfeidrilnkcgvtniatfsgnstydqfasshtadlnavmchrsinyvadmletkygipwvkvnfiganaaakslrkiasyfgdqelidrveeviaeempavravaeevrprtegktamlfvggsrahhyqelfkelgmktisagyefahrddyegrqvipelkvdadsrnieelevspderlfrprksqeelralessglkfkdydglipdmergavviddlnqyeaeklvellkpdifcagikekfsiqklgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfrgainfyreidrlvnsrvwgylkapwqenpelsatyvwe
>Geobacter_pickeringii  coded_by=complement(2896706..2898169),organism=Geobacter pickeringii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msnalektegittvdgitkestqgmidkvlevypekgrkkraphlapndqasgsacvksnkktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgtlgvdqfgmqftsdfqekdivyggdkklkqllgeakelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakttskeldipiipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdyiietrefaepigpydialigeyniggdawstkplleecgfnvkavwtgdgemeriaathqvklnvihcyrsmnymckvmeekygipwielnffgptkireslrklaelfddtikekveaviakydpvcqaiidevkprldgkkvmiyvgglrprhtigayedlgmvcvgsgyefahtddydrtapempdatvvfddaselelelfahtikpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgykgfpifardidmainsptwelvkapf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ppau2.5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ppau2.5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanolinea_tarda_NOBI-1  coded_by=15809..16828,organism=Methanolinea tarda NOBI-1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mstprdsgctltgalsvtteiegsvtiihgpsgcahhnfsllhalcagrddprlprvlstdlaetdiifggedaldaairraagknpsiicvlstcvtgaigddveavcrgfcgipvisiptagflgggfhqghvqalmslsslaeddgkipsanlvgektleterdehfnevrrllaaigipictrfvcrtsvgeisrlsrggcnilrdpsmegvgrfleerfgtpfissfpigfrgtiqfleevgrvfsldvsgaiaeeearqarifhefrslrgkrvrfcdpfgnrtdsevcrevasaagmsvhpegypvpvpepfpvgtegirrllyrwrracra
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=33077..34444,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
mskkvkeigrtnsieqvrygcaigslasvsaiphampithcgpgctskqsgvlmssgaqgggysagpvipsvnatekevvfggekklrelikgtllivkadlyvvlngcigelvgddigavvkefqnlgfpvvhadtggfkgnnligheivtkaiidqfvgdytgkkeeklinlwsevpyqntfwrgdleeikrvlegsgfkvnvffgpeskgveewknipkaqfnlvlspwvgieiakhlekkygqpflhistvpigaketsdflrkvaqfsgknkrkvesfikkeekryyyyldtfsefyaeygwsvtsmyavisdstyglalnrfladqlglvpaiqvitdnppekyrkqisdefknlsegvsteveyaedgytideiirntdfkkrspiifgtswdrdlakelkgyimeialpvsneividrsyvgyrgaltflerlytivtgtdtkiits
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Kus-2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Kus-2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskefdgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rahnella_aquatilis_HX2  coded_by=28510..29958,organism=Rahnella aquatilis HX2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtsetrernealiqevleifpekalkdrkkhmmttdpamesvgkcivsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgwsgvnsfctinftsdfqerdivfggdkkldklidelemlfpltkgisvqsecpvgligddisavaktssakigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregnefettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlaementpkvalnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwieynffgptkiaeslreiaarfddtirknaeaviekyqaqtqavidkyrprlegkkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpmlkegtllfddlssyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfgifardmdmtlnnpgwsqltapwlksa
>Holophaga_foetida_DSM_6591  coded_by=162268..163911,organism=Holophaga foetida DSM 6591,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpskltpeelkqellkaypakvarkrekqiiinkhkdpsanglpttnevlanartipgilsmrgcayagckgvvlgptrdilhivhgpigcsyyawltrrnqtrpvsdedpnfmtycfstdmqeediiyggekklkkaideaiaifkpkaldifstcpvgligddvhavaremeakypdvnifgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannkvftdvlglgdlkkpgkyrvnllgeyniggdafelervfekcgitlqatfsgnstyeeftsahnvdlnlvmchrsinymadmmetkygipwfkvnfigaessakslrkigqyygdqelidrieaviaeempaieaarathrpslegktavlfvggsrahhyqdlfhelgmetisagyefahrddyegrhvlssikvdadsrnieeievhpdaelykervtperkaellamgiemngyegmmpemkegaliiddlnhheaevliekvkpaifgagvkekyviqksgvplkqlhsydysgpyagfkgainfyaeidrlvnascwglvkapwqsspelsasyayvg
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=717317..718849,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase
maykkinldipevesreqrlgtiiawdgkaselseqssyerrgcegrgkqcrlcemkgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgvgqvpynsiyrnglalrnlpveniriictnldesdmvfggvkklkqsikdaferyspkaiflgtscatgiigedmesvaaeaedeigipviplacegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrkivrknpkkqedlinvinlwgsdvftpmlgelglrvnyvvdlatvddlaqlseaagtvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvleikapqpygfagtdawireiarvthreelaeefikkeherikpklkelreklkgvkgyvatgsayahglitvlrelgvevngslvfhhdpvydsgdpkqdslkflidnyddvpsfsvsnrqqyqfygllkktnpdfilirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehlaigydgmvnlgeavldvlahrkfhqdlkehvklpytkwwldqedpyilakkpeilnekii
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(110684..112150),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
maininsstlaareerlgsvtgyvgdlhdivekskcgqlkgkgrcysqasaclagcaisqisgirdvlvinhapagctalaptiedtgrllaekrgvetntalvgtdlnendtvfgagdslvetalisyerykpkaifittscvsgiigedidsivdeiqqkvpvpvvaahcegfksriwgsgfeiadhavlraivkppkekrnvinfknfcegqrkeiidifanfgveplflyrnstieelsrlseslatvsicgslstylgngleqeygvpyvntlspsgvigfetwlreigkvinkseavekyikeqrdlyifkieeikkklkglrvvlamgpgfgfevarvaqelgleivwhaswhydqrhdngelpaavdyleknitdsynlsvtelqnheilnilneykpdlylcrhpgstvwaikqgvpsicvvdeymmfgykntlsfaqtilntvtnrsfeknlaarvklpytkwwfeqnnykffegveq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lop14.22  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lop14.22,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqalfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitseaelrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanothermus_fervidus_DSM_2088  coded_by=complement(938166..939353),organism=Methanothermus fervidus DSM 2088,definition=Nitrogenase
mepmhtcklfgaiktilgiknaipivhgpvgcayhmrylltlrggskvkicstqlsqedvvfgaekklkdtivkvdkyykpdliavltscstsiigedvfrvvkeikneinaeiiavsaggfearqnegyedtimtlikelvkpckksdkplinfigmyrggpdlkhlknelkkmgigvncvltsgcnireirnltkanlnysfcdisaikpskflkkkfgmefidypfpigfnntyrffnkildffdidyplekeyaefkeikdkliknlkgckvaiisgptravaltdfiielgmepvlisidlvgektlkhlntvlsntnfepeiliepdliqiekrlkdtdvdiilgganelsfsftykipvvdvmhgqaktmgwdgareiartilknikt
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(4062936..4064501),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavikgpgeditsalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhiifgaekllkqniieafkafpkikrmtlyqtcasaligddinaiasevmeempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgnvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelkvrygtprldidgfgfealsnslrkvglffgiedraqaiideetarwkpemdwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahairedmgvnvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelealeamemlkpdiiftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsfvdiskdeiptdtsfltqkmisdvnlseevtaskelreytgnydtitalrnktypdfpaekrlsav
>Methanothermobacter_sp._CaT2  coded_by=1321403..1322596,organism=Methanothermobacter sp. CaT2,definition=nitrogenase
mgpvstcklfgavravtgiknavplihgprgcayhigylltarggrriavastelsesdvvfgaseklrdriievdrtrkpdiivimsscatsiigedigrvadetselvdaelitvsaggfessqgegyeevmmalihkfcwrmepsskpsvniigefrggadlrevreslslmgvdvncvltsgcsirdmtmipaghlncsfcdvsgiapcrfleenfgtpfihhpipigfsnslrfyrevlgylnldypineefsafieerdriraeleglrvavvsgptravaltefitelrmkpvlvsmdmigdytlenlrgvpglrseilvgvdvsdieeaiirtepelilgglaetrisevsgaplidvmhgssltagfrgavnlgarmcgavygdhdcy
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=complement(4577580..4578992),organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mneirqrlprtrekrrgvltafygdsaaladelekeetrqrirtysetgddevigairllgrirgsvtiihsppgcgaikledelraggspwlitnieendsilgaddklreavdrayrtwrpeiifilatpvvainnddiqsaatekedqygipvvpvyaagfrsktavygydlvfhalakyvlkkdpdalplpavnligtagtktshiirdldgagisynnlsgsltiaalqqslnafasiaidkddsrfllewleeahgivhleetapiglagterwllaaarsagaadsaeqartyieeakaaavtalewhrldgasvfidlppeqafgvaelveelggqvaalslthadsshvarlrewagrsnpqvfiqqgqpfekvnalgklkpdlyigrgeaavwaaragiaaaavdsvdvygfggvqelppllvkalrnpslsrylsggsssyragwlsksvnwhikqevk
>Bradyrhizobium_lablabi  coded_by=57775..59277,organism=Bradyrhizobium lablabi,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslatsqgiaeikarnkeliqevlkvypektakrrakhlnvheigksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvtpeskptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiveslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvdaviakyrprlegksvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyeferfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwkktkapwknvskpklmaae
>Desulfotomaculum_carboxydivorans_CO-1-SRB  coded_by=1252534..1254153,organism=Desulfotomaculum carboxydivorans CO-1-SRB,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mainqkvleellnqypskvkrnrkkhiiikdsalarqeieantrtipgiitnrgcafagckgvvlgplkdvihivhgpigcafytwgarrnkaksedptknfinycvstdmqesdivfggekklarmidevmeifkpnaifisatcpvgligddlqavakaaqekhgipilafncegykgvsqsaghhiannglmegvigqgdweeapgkypinilgeyniggdsweverilkeigytviavmtgdgsyeelknahvaelnlvqchrsinyiadmletkygtpwlkvnfigvqatidslrnmalyfgdpaliqkteeviarelarvepilgqykkicqgktafcfvggsrghhyqglyaelgietvlagyefahrddyegrdvipeikldadtknipdlhvtpderrfrlkispermeelkkkiplrnykgmniemkdgsiivddlnhfeteefirllkpdifssgikdkyvvqkmgipskqlhsydysgpyagfngavnfardiamaftsptwnfitppwknepllegtiaeggcsec
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCICRE_10  coded_by=561360..562733,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCICRE 10,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlrrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapetspkleptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Sinorhizobium_medicae_WSM419  coded_by=complement(1141362..1142789),organism=Sinorhizobium medicae WSM419,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslsaknqaffnepacernrskdfevrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvteldvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarpsdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmqerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvrqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigmeivgtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsrmsgaatprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsmhnptwaqvrepapwemapargdgggsatvi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS22_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS22_3,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqvlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(2991873..2993225),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mpdieetkntnsiqqiryvcsiaamhsasaiprvipivhcgpgcadkqfmnvafyngfqgggygggavvpstnsreldvvfggegrlrelikasikildtdlfvvltgcisdlvgddvgsvvkefqeqgvpivyaetggfkgnnftghelvtraiidqyvgeydgprqqatvnlwsllpyhntfwrgdlteikrilegiglkvnilfgyeskgvsewkhipkaqfnlvlspwlglqtaehleskyeqpylhvpvipigaqetssflrkvaafagldhapveefirqeeetyyhylesfsdfyaeywwglpakfavvgdsaynlaltkflvnqlgiipgkqiitenppeeyrenireeyrkiaedvatdvefeedsyiihqkirqtnfghkapiifgttwerdlakelkgaivevgfpasyelvlsrsyvgyrgalallekiytttvsasa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4277372..4278694),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mseliqeprhfcalgaqqtvvaieraipilhagpgcssklsaamstcggyqgtryaggdaipcsnmlekdvvfgaesklkkliestlkimdgdlfvvltgctsdiigddignvvrdfqrqdipivyaetagfkgdaykghelvleaiinqylkadeekipglvnvfasvpihdpfwegdlkeikrllesiglkanilfgyngggieainlipkaefnivispwigiktvkllekkfntpylhypilpigavetskflnkvadyagidkkvvdevikkeeneyyhyltrladflvefrfnlpkrfftindsayslamtrflindlgllpehqfitedvpevfrdeirgyfkniapnissditfsqdggiinselskfqinisplilgsswdvdiaahlgatnvsvglpivdrtilqrnyvgytgglnliediynkvlsrhn
>Desulfuromonas_acetoxidans_DSM_684  coded_by=39404..40771,organism=Desulfuromonas acetoxidans DSM 684,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkghavsdkpkikdlldesacehnatkkkacntttpgatsggcafegaqislfpyadaahlvhgpltclssswetratptsyegrdmtqmgfttavttndvifggedklydgivyvmehydpkaifvystcvtamigddidvvcrhaekkfnipivpvhapgfvggknlgsrlggeavlknligrkepqgdvshainligdynvtgdmwqykpildelgirilstlsgdgrideictahraklnvivcakslvtftrkmkerygipfvsvsfygqrdttnaimaiaegigdpeliertrkvlareeqrldeqltpyrelfkgkkavlntggnkswsiasalqdlgievvatsvrkateadkekareylgengvlmtnpgaeqakmidkfkadlllaggrslytaikkgisfidvnqekkksygayngllslaedvknalenpvfrcvrkevpwek
>Treponema_sp._JC4  coded_by=complement(2234..3718),organism=Treponema sp. JC4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein
maintnssnvatrenrigsitgyvgnlkdlaeksecgslkgcsrcfsqsstclsscglsqlaairdvavihhgpagcsvasagnyyldkvmakkrgvttstvyvgtdmneqdtifgstqalgkiirevnkryspkaifvssscatgiigedidsvvdevrdeidvpvvavhcegfksriwatgfdiadhavlssivqppregvksnkinfknfyesarpeiieifknfdldpvflycnstveelshiseslattcicgtlgnylgngleekygvpyvrsinqcgivgfetwlreigrvtgrsekvekyieeqraiyipqieeikkelkglravigmgpgytfevsrvlnelgievvwalawhydkkyengdvppsmkyllenninfeasvsdqqnyevmnilhkykpdlylsrhpgstvwaikngtsavyvadeymifgykhtlefaksildsirnrsfeqnlakrvklpytdwwykqnvdaffdsnntpkerg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._pped4.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. pped4.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektskrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikvmdeieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpesepkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=8092..9441,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
maetkikkesssivhphyacaiggvyttvaikggvpiancgpgcmykqyffmgfengfqgstsngggnvpssnvgendivfggekklddliksalaiyngelfvvatgctgeligddvgavvktyreagypivyadtagfkgsnlvgheivveaiidqfvgdyegdkkkglinlwfetpffntnwrgdyleivrilknigfevnvlfgpqsggvkewkeipkaqfnlvispwvgvkiakhlekkynqpylhipvipigeeattafirqlveyaginaekaeafiaeeseiyyyfldsfsnffseywyglpsrfavvgdsayalaytkflsdqiglipvkqiitdnppeqfrekiseefrnlsegvsveveyiedgyfaekslseadfgsgvplilgstwesevareknallleidppssetlvlnrshigyrgalqlieriytatvggk
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=903568..905073,organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=putative nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein alpha chain
msnlptkvapkredrlkscitfggtlcslrqelgcgclndgerefsqgniclmlpgiamlnslpdnvnllhgavgcgvcshsqnantrsgnaarfgaikdgiwlstamneadvigggegklrraiieadrvyrpktitvvascvpgitgddvdgiidnvqslvqarvipvhcegfktkiwataydavyhglagktlenpayqkkiveddldafkveqlrkytvnlfnvssmgkvdedeltrllgclgyqvnvfpvfaepekmyrikyaalsvstcpthddyflkyfekeynipyilkhmpigientnewlrdvgkffhkedateklienenaklnaglakyreffkgkkvfvnagefralatanllvemgfeiaairsfhhdefaleeyeklhkiagdfpfnvancqpfeeanllkkikpdlflghwngnstaaklgipshviyntglsyigyrgayeiarrlyrqlsnpafaqklskyvrlpyretwykedpfkyikgge
>Thiorhodococcus_drewsii_AZ1  coded_by=complement(85874..87358),organism=Thiorhodococcus drewsii AZ1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
matltreetqnliqevlevypdkakkdrakhlavndqsieqskkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgaysragrrnyyvghtgvntfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklakliteinelfplvkgisvqsecpigligddieavskkmgkeldkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvignrdgdtsfettkydvavigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrfmeekygvpwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffdetiqanaekviekytaeyeaiiakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikemgdatllyddvtgyefeefvkkvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtvnnpcwksmqapwqkpaegeaeavaasa
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._similipneumoniae  coded_by=43558..45006,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. similipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmisdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfastpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tpar1.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tpar1.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkinpeterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB5  coded_by=1225007..1226470,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB5,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstavaespadlkernkqligevleaypdksakrrakhlntyeaekaecsvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyykgvtgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqdlfplnrgisvqsecpigligddieavskaktkqydgkpiipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvfdkagdkvatfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaelentpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgptkieaslreiaakfddkikegaerviakykprmqaivdryrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvrpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdiainapiwkltkapws
>Thiorhodospira_sibirica_ATCC_700588  coded_by=complement(74690..76156),organism=Thiorhodospira sibirica ATCC 700588,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mttmtreetealiqevlevypekarkdrakhltvndpnveqskkcitsnrkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqytragrrnyyaghtgvnvfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideintlfplvkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkaaelgkavvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvlprrdednrfettpydvalladyniggdawasrllleemglrvvsqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnllhcyrsmnyiarhmeekyaipwvefnffgptkiaeslrkiasffddkikegaerviekyqkeadaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhpvgayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikemgegtllyddvtgyeleefvkrirpdlvgsgvkekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwdkfqapwkkaalakaa
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=698393..699760,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase
mskkvkeivrtnsieqvrygcaigalasvsaipyampithcgpgctskqsgvlmsngaqgggysagpvipsvnatekevvfggekklrelikgtllivkadlyvvlngcigelvgddigavvkefqelgfpivhadtggfkgnnligheivikaiidqfvgdyigekedklinlwsevpyqntfwrgdleeikrilegsgfkvnvffgvesngveewksipkaqfnlvlspwvgleiaeylekkyeqpflhiptvpigakettdflrkvakfsgknkrkvedfikreekryyhyldsfsefyaeygwsvtsmyavisdstyglalnrfladqlgfvpaiqvitdnppekyrkqisnefenlsegvsteveyaedgytideiirntdfkgrapiifgtswdrdlskelkgyimeialpvsneividrcyvgyrgaltflerlytivtatdtkiits
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=17520..19088,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=Nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefecskciperkkhavikgpgenltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdmkekhivfgaetvlkkniieafkafpdikrmtiyqtcasaligddmeavaqevmdempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgkvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmtdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlramhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrqrygtprldidgfgfeplsaslrkvglffgiedraqkiideevarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihaemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarceegalaiddpnelegleamemlkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihklafldiskdeiptdkgfvtrrmlsdanlsekitsstelreytggfdsvsklrnksypefpssqrklsav
>Vibrio_sp._EJY3  coded_by=654512..655930,organism=Vibrio sp. EJY3,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkrseikllqdepacehnsgeksgcsrpkpgataggccfdgaqisllpiadvghivhgpigcagnswnnrgtralgsnlfrygfttdlneqdvimgraekrllhaikqlikqhqppavfvymtcvpalegndieaicslaterwnipvipvdaagfygnknlgnriagnvmvervvgsaeppakpkmlhdstrlvhdivligeyniagefwhvsplferlglrvlccmagdtqfhqiqtmhradaamvvcaraqvnvarkleekwgipwfegsfygiedtsnslrefarllgdpklseevealiaeeesrirsalvhyaeklrgkrallytggvkswsvvsalqelgidcvatgtrkstqsdknkileimgkdalmldeggarllldtyhqhhadvmiaggrnmytalkaklpfldinqerehayagyegmltlakelcrtieapiwqtvqsqapwivedatftsaiiekga
>Methanosarcina_barkeri  coded_by=1529..>2918,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri,definition=NifE
mkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekgqeiplgcdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelvevyhppvilvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhtihvtpvksegfngnksdgykaacdalkrlikrpsedeikkkaprvpetikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvnplfeqmgievivsmtgdstpkaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylpkwmqaeygipylnasffgiedislalrrtadyfgseeikkraeqileteinrimpeisrvrekvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfdelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellirqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfarevdasisspvwkavrqri
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleevglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisshmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Chroococcidiopsis_thermalis_PCC_7203  coded_by=complement(5152265..5153746),organism=Chroococcidiopsis thermalis PCC 7203,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtppenttleqanttvdkkalikevlelypdkakkkrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksvpgsmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklakliteldelfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaakeigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfpqadkkkkelgiegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlhemmmtptvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdetiqqkaeeviakyqaqcdavikkylprlegktvalmvgglrprhvvpafydlgmkligtgyefghgddykrtthyiengtliyddvsafefeqfvkelkpdliasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwkkes
>Phaeospirillum_fulvum_MGU-K5  coded_by=complement(10050..11612),organism=Phaeospirillum fulvum MGU-K5,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain
mpyhefecskciperkqhavtkapgedltsclpkgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdngnfqlkytfasdvrekhivfgaekllkqnileafkqfpdikrmtiyqtcataligddinaiaeevmeelpdvdificnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmqdffkrmgiqvlstftgngryddlramhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsqslrkvamffgieeraeaiiaeetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemgvkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgedalaiddpneleslealenlkpdiiftgkrpgevakkvgvpylnahayhngpykgyegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlaeldisrdpiptdkgfatqrmlsdaslpedirasttlrqysgaydsvsplrdktyptfesrpaaae
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Wiesmoor  coded_by=998098..999696,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Wiesmoor,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeidsrieeeqklvddmlkvlpekasrnrrkhivvrncsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcafytwgtrrnfakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklktaidevvkifhpgaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaemehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehligteeiksptpfdinvfgeyniggdlwevkpifekigyrivssltgdgsfhrisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeitrkteeviaeekakyaddiekyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkviaagyqfahrddyegrqiiphmkekalgsiledvhyerdenvksavsperieelktkiglmdykglfpdaedgtividdlnhhetevlvktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmalhsptwkfirppwkaedve
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_2.4.1  coded_by=complement(2273472..2274935),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides 2.4.1,definition=nifE, nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
msealkqkiqdafhepgcatntaksegerrkgcakqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpitdvahlvhaplacwgngwdnrgsassgsdlyrrgfttdlseldivmgrgearlfraireviaqenpaavfvyatcvtaligddigavckaaaerfgrpvipinvpgyvgsknlgnklgvdalvehvvgtmepatatdcdinilgdfnlsgelwqvkplldrlgirilgsvsgdaryaqvammhrarvtmlvcshaflgiarkledrygipwfegsfygisdtsdalrtlcrmlvergapadlvtrcealiaeeeartwaaleplrpavagrrvllytgghktwsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatpgdrarvteimgteahmyenmapkemyrmlrdaradvlmsggrsqfvalkarvpwidvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsinnpmwaelrdpapwdvpaeeaavtpfslaavpgskadfedc
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=731873..733240,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase
mskkvkeivrtnsieqvrygcaigalasvsaipyampithcgpgctskqsgvlmsngaqgggysagpvipsvnatekevvfggekklrelikgtllivkadlyvvlngcigelvgddigavvkefqelgfpivhadtggfkgnnligheivikaiidqfvgdyigekedklinlwsevpyqntfwrgdleeikrilegsgfkvnvffgvesngveewksipkaqfnlvlspwvgleiaeylekkyeqpflhiptvpigakettdflrkvakfsgknkrkvedfikreekryyhyldsfsefyaeygwsvtsmyavisdstyglalnrfladqlgfvpaiqvitdnppekyrkqisnqfenlsegvsteveyaedgytideiirntdfkgrapiifgtswdrdlskelkgyimeialpvsneividrcyvgyrgaltflerlytivtatdtkiits
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=731873..733240,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=Nitrogenase
mskkvkeivrtnsieqvrygcaigalasvsaipyampithcgpgctskqsgvlmsngaqgggysagpvipsvnatekevvfggekklrelikgtllivkadlyvvlngcigelvgddigavvkefqelgfpivhadtggfkgnnligheivikaiidqfvgdyigekedklinlwsevpyqntfwrgdleeikrilegsgfkvnvffgvesngveewksipkaqfnlvlspwvgleiaeylekkyeqpflhiptvpigakettdflrkvakfsgknkrkvedfikreekryyhyldsfsefyaeygwsvtsmyavisdstyglalnrfladqlgfvpaiqvitdnppekyrkqisnqfenlsegvsteveyaedgytideiirntdfkgrapiifgtswdrdlskelkgyimeialpvsneividrcyvgyrgaltflerlytivtatdtkiits
>Methanocella_arvoryzae_MRE50  coded_by=complement(1389661..1391268),organism=Methanocella arvoryzae MRE50,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, subunit alpha (dinitrogenase)
maitdkkledllatypdivrknrkkhiliknsgeacqqieantrtipgiisqrgccfagckgvvvgpikdmvhivhgpvgcayyswgtrrnkakaddttpreniystlcfttdmqepdivfggekklakmidevvemfhpraisisatcpigligddigavakaaqerhgiqvvafncegykgvsqsaghhiannnlmehvigkgaqrkpgsyvinllgeyniggdgwelerilqeigytvncvltgdssyvdirglhladlnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygmpwlkvnfigvdatakslreiaqcfgdealvqkteeviaremaivkpvmehyrkllqgktafgfvggsrshhyqyllrdlgmemivagyefahrddyegrqviptiksdadsknipelhlepdkeryqeanvylnmskeqfeelkkkvplsyyegmntsmkdgeviiddinhheferlvrelkpdliltgvrdkyiahklgvpsrqlhsydytgpyagfngamtfakevanavstpawklvtapweqeeike
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C089B000  coded_by=10173..11663,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C089B000,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrvkiqdvfnepgceknrdkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgpalwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaileikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsdalrsiaellvkqgadpeilgrtelliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstveykerikqilkddnhifeqmaardlyamlsehkadilisggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaiqnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavgeerpctksetvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoM26_5  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoM26_5,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklvdelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_KOS6  coded_by=complement(41808..43223),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri KOS6,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkakdiaelldepacthnkkdksgcakptpgatdggcafdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpqlyrigmttdlseqdvimgraekrlfhairqaveayapaavfvyntcvpaligddldavckaasehfatpvvpvdgagfygtknlgnriagdamvkhvigtrepdplpagserpgihvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlsgdarfsevqsmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqerfgtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarligdadlgartealiareeakiraalepwrerlagkrvllytggvkswsvisalqdlrmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgdevkmleegnprallrtveeyradiliaggrnmytalkgripfldinqerefgyagydgmlelvrqlcltiespvwqavrrpapwesaasapllaavana
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii  coded_by=complement(5288..6664),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii,definition=oxidoreductase
mssiemqmrdasgevfrsketkgacheasqgsaagggcafdgakvvlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgpvlwrtsfttdlteleivtgdserkllkaigeikegyapaaifvygtcvteligddiaavcrhaaqkfaipvvpvkspgfggsknlgtrlageallehvigtveaddpgpcdinilgefnlsgefwfvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryaqvasahrsraammvcstalinlarkmeerwnipffegsfygisstseslrriaqllvkkgagsallhhveallaeeeerawkkleayrrrlegkrvhlntggvkswsivhalieigmeivgtsirksttrdkerikqmlkdenhlhqsmaaselyamlrehkpdimlsggrtqfvaleakipwldvnqerqhayagyegmvelarqidlaihnpvwaqlrkpapwkqfvtp
>Rahnella_aquatilis_CIP_78.65_=_ATCC_33071  coded_by=47714..49162,organism=Rahnella aquatilis CIP 78.65 = ATCC 33071,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mtsetrernealiqevleifpekalkdrkkhmmttdpamesvgkcivsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgwsgvnsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkldklidelemlfpltkgisvqsecpvgligddisavakassakigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregnefettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpkvalnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslreiaarfddtirknaeaviekyqaqtqavidkyrprlegkkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpmlkegtllfddlssyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfgifardmdmtlnnpgwsqltapwlkta
>Rahnella_aquatilis_CIP_78.65_=_ATCC_33071  coded_by=complement(112603..114051),organism=Rahnella aquatilis CIP 78.65 = ATCC 33071,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtsetrernealiqevleifpekalkdrkkhmmttdpamesvgkcivsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgwsgvnsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkldklidelemlfpltkgisvqsecpvgligddisavakassakigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregnefettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpkvalnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslreiaarfddtirknaeaviekyqaqtqavidkyrprlegkkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpmlkegtllfddlssyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfgifardmdmtlnnpgwsqltapwlkta
>Pleurocapsa_sp._PCC_7327  coded_by=1..1437,organism=Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7327,definition=NifD
mttaeekrqliqevldvypekarkkrekhlnvyeegkpdcgvksnvkslpgvmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklhklileieelfplnggvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskeinktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfpqadkenaefegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneikltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwfeynffgptkiaeslraianffddkikegaerviakyqqqvdeilakyrpllegkkvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmemlgtgyefghnddykrtthyiedstliyddvtgyefekfvetlkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptweligapwkk
>Pleurocapsa_sp._PCC_7327  coded_by=3769620..3771056,organism=Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7327,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mttaeekrqliqevldvypekarkkrekhlnvyeegkpdcgvksnvkslpgvmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklhklileieelfplnggvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskeinktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfpqadkenaefegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneikltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwfeynffgptkiaeslraianffddkikegaerviakyqqqvdeilakyrpllegkkvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmemlgtgyefghnddykrtthyiedstliyddvtgyefekfvetlkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptweligapwkk
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_RU11/001  coded_by=14428..15855,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti RU11/001,definition=NifE nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mpslsaknqdffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmqerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleiagtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvrepapwemapargeemseeeall
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_SM11  coded_by=complement(1021675..1023102),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti SM11,definition=NifE nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mpslsaknqdffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmqerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleiagtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvrepapwemapargeemseeeall
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=93699..95165,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlklsavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalsqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctanaprsevtnrqlaakrgvtnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkvsvinfknfyesareeiisifsnfgvkplflyrnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaeveayiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmkkeak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=4163598..4165064,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlklsavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalsqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctanaprsevtnrqlaakrgvtnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkvsvinfknfyesareeiisifsnfgvkplflyrnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaeveayiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmkkeak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3612314..3613780),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msinlklsavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalsqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctanaprsevtnrqlaakrgvtnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkvsvinfknfyesareeiisifsnfgvkplflyrnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaeveayiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmkkeak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3612106..3613572),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msinlklsavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalsqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctanaprsevtnrqlaakrgvtnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkvsvinfknfyesareeiisifsnfgvkplflyrnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaeveayiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmkkeak
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=361083..362549,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlklsavptrenrlgsvtgysgdlhdivskskcgslknrdrcfsqssscnagcalsqlsgirdvaiinhapsgctanaprsevtnrqlaakrgvtnatvfvgtdmsekdtvfggasslsdivketynrykpkaifigtscltgiigedvdsvveelkkeipvpiaavhcegfrsriwatgfdasdhavltsivkppekkvsvinfknfyesareeiisifsnfgvkplflyrnstveelshlseslatvsicgvlgsylgngleekygvpfvktinplgvagfetwlrgigkvinkeaeveayiereraiylpkieevkkelkglravlgmgpgytyevsrvlqelgmevvwaaswhhdkkhdngelpaalkyldenspynfkvsvadqqnyeilnilneykpdiyfsrhpgttvwaikqgasalcvndeymifgykgtldfaytvldtirnrsfeknlaarvklpytdwwynqdnslfmkkeak
>Paludibacter_propionicigenes_WB4  coded_by=complement(1639310..1640932),organism=Paludibacter propionicigenes WB4,definition=Fe-only nitrogenase FeFe protein subunit AnfD precursor
mpyhqfkvseclperlhhavdkgagedltdalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisddgnfqlkytfasdmkeahvvfgaekmlkkniaeafkafpninsmtlyqtcasaligddinaiaeeimeempgkkvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkinlawlnqmvgtaepeiwskyvinyigeyniqgdqeimrdyfyrmgiqilatftgngrfddlrclhkaqlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprmdidgfgfeatadslrkigyffgiedkaeqiiaeeyarwkpeldwyaarlqgvkmclwpggsklwhwahmlktemginvvsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcepgtlaiddpnelesveamyelepdlimtgkrpgevakkirvpylnvhgyhngpykgfegwvrlakdiyncvyspahslvhldiskdeiptdrgfatrqtlsdvhlsdeiknstelreytgdydpiprlrkklddnpytfpdpvtgewrtvpveklkknavvdve
>Ruminococcus_albus_7_=_DSM_20455  coded_by=complement(2198935..2200488),organism=Ruminococcus albus 7 = DSM 20455,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mkfdvnfdvqvpnprerqratayafggctsdlrsgscagclgrcdrsftqamfcqmgvstlisfstkdsvvimhgpvgcgsqshgidfsikqygaargvkmegvrwlstnltetdvisggneklydtiieadrrfrptaifvcntcapgvigddiesvvnhaqeqvtatvvplhcpgfgakvfssaydvvyhgimhrfgfepkkyidytpfdksdpdyeikkqryeykksrtvtlynawsigpgdekeikrllnalginvnifveykepddwrfitetalnvsfchvhdvyfleylkrefgipyilptipigtdqtvkfikaiaeffglekeadfllkketeklkkalvpirknvegksvlisggflrigatglladeiglkvvgfrnfnydefgdqlfsevqekigdvqnavstqanelvnmvyklkpdiaishpsvgvwlvkagvpsltlfaqrftyfgftgayslakriertlkntayarnisahtklpyqeqwygkspyhyitglpetdkpti
>Diplosphaera_colitermitum_TAV2  coded_by=6594..8174,organism=Diplosphaera colitermitum TAV2,definition=Nitrogenase
mpyhefncskciperkkhavikgpgedlsmalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihlshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnknfqieytfatdmkekhvifgaekmlkqniieafkafpdikrmtiyqtcasaligddlaavaqevmdempdvdifvcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgniepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsydelrsmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygiprldidgfgfgplsaslrkiglffgieeraqaiideetarwkpeldwykerlqgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvihaemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgisrceegalaiddpnelegleamdmlkpdviftgkrpgevakklrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsyldiskdeiptdkgfvtrrmisdvklseevrtsttlrqytgkmdcvtplrkktyptflpkpkpdfleagaa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4193561..4194979),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mgllstkrpqirekrlntlsaylgnvdlllediekedarqrirtfsqttfddiiytlkaingiedaaivihgpsgcsavqldflskdistnwavtnlnekdsilggerklreaviklqerykpnvifivatpvvainnddilavileleaklnikivpifsdgfkskssvlgsdlvfhslvkylvadkeehnnepnlinlvsvhenqqeldeiedilseigikanilprfanlknieqaskaalsvgidsdnsdyllkalnekydtpflqpqlpvgikrtadwfytigealglkerteevisktiseskeytdrnnlnginvyislptrlgfsvaksieefggnvigltvdhidkldkdelkefklidenikihiadgqdfeeanilnkvkpdlyvglsyksslaarlgipaiaidnlniigfegvkrfisqiqkalknkffvdrlrkiknipyedswykkssnwyikqevk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C066B000  coded_by=complement(33760..35265),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C066B000,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metdamsllrakiqdvfnepgceknggkdakarkegcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddidavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdvagahraraammvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawknlaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpfagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavreelprtksetvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Desulfosporosinus_orientis_DSM_765  coded_by=complement(5212722..5214158),organism=Desulfosporosinus orientis DSM 765,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msiketidfrkqvveevlelypekakknrrqhitikennecascavksnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdcthishgpvgcgyyswanrrnladgeigvdnfvpflftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiieevvglfpntkgvsvlsecpvgligddiesvsrrmsekiklpvipvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhligkgpgrevgpydvgiigdyniggdawaskkileeiglnvvniwtgdstiemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnymarhmeetygtpwlefnffgptkvresilkiaamfddsimekakaviekyeaemqkvidiyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevigtgyefahgedydksmanlkdgtliyddvtaieieefvsklkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyqgfpifardmdmavnsptwkavkapwak
>Thermoanaerobacterium_aotearoense_SCUT27  coded_by=complement(9025..10632),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium aotearoense SCUT27,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
miernhtqdymmespveknkklieditdsypkkvskerkthlvvidpseeqhimadvatipgimtnrgcsyagakgvvfgpvkdilhlthgpigcgyytwntrrnlaepeegynyfikncfstnmqekdvvfggekklygaikeayeifkpkvigiyatcpvgligddikavakraeeelgikvitvscegykgvsqsaghhlasntlimdivgteeledptpydinifgeyniggdvwlvkdllqkigyrvvsvftgdskyddlakahraklsilmchrsinytnrmmeekfgvpwlkvnyigisstieslremakffddpmiyentekvieeelkkikprldyykerlkgkkailfvggsrahhyqdllkdigmetivagyefahrddyegrkiipeikeaphhkildtyhfervtepaypqekieemkskmpdhfmnyegmmvhmeegsividdfnhheteelikalkpdiflsgikdryvfqkmgvpsrqihsydysgpyssfegavnfardmdmainnpiwkevtppwkk
>Thermoanaerobacterium_saccharolyticum_JW/SL-YS485  coded_by=complement(2282826..2284433),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium saccharolyticum JW/SL-YS485,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
miernhtqdymmespveknkklieditdsypkkvskerkthlvvidpseeqhimadvatipgimtnrgcsyagakgvvfgpvkdilhlthgpigcgyytwntrrnlaepeegynyfikncfstnmqekdvvfggekklygaikeayeifkpkvigiyatcpvgligddikavakraeeelgikvitvscegykgvsqsaghhlasntlimdivgteeledptpydinifgeyniggdvwlvkdllqkigyrvvsvftgdskyddlakahraklsilmchrsinytnrmmeekfgvpwlkvnyigisstieslremakffddpmiyentekvieeelkkikprldyykerlkgkkailfvggsrahhyqdllkdigmetivagyefahrddyegrkiipeikeaphhkildtyhfervtepaypqekieemkskmpdhfmnyegmmvhmeegsividdfnhheteelikalkpdiflsgikdryvfqkmgvpsrqihsydysgpyssfegavnfardmdmainnpiwkevtppwkk
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>797,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
aphvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipl
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_WS8N  coded_by=complement(1678849..1680312),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides WS8N,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msealkqkiqdafhepgcatntaksegerrkgcakqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpitdvahlvhaplacwgngwdnrgsassgsdlyrrgfttdlseldivmgrgearlfraireviaqenpaavfvyatcvtaligddigavckaaaerfgrpvipinvpgyvgsknlgnklgvdalvehvvgtmepatatdcdinilgdfnlsgelwqvkplldrlgirilgsvsgdaryaqvammhrarvtmlvcshaflgiarkledrygipwfegsfygisdtsdalrtlcrmlvergapadlvtrcealiaeeeartwaaleplrpavagrrvllytgghktwsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatpgdrervteimgteahmyenmapkemyrmlrdaradvlmsggrsqfvalkarvpwidvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsinnpmwaelrdpapwdvpaeeaaavpfslaavpgskadfedc
>Sphaerotilus_natans_subsp._natans_DSM_6575  coded_by=36881..38344,organism=Sphaerotilus natans subsp. natans DSM 6575,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtmtvedrkaankalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgsfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigvtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqdlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkskehgghtivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdgktrkehefestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgtlaelentpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptqiekslreiashfddtikakaeeviaryrpmvdaviarykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyikdstliyddvtghefekfvekiqpdligsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmaisspiwglaksapwkqaa
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlsyysgkaakrrkkhlsvsknkreiaeegqvvsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyagttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktevkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwqtvtmpaaagape
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgalheklieevlsyysgkaakrrkkhlsvsknkreiaeegqvvsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyagttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehnkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdktevkyeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapsaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviarysgltyavidkywprlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrqgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwglydapwqtvtmpaaagape
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeadrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Cedecea_neteri  coded_by=3418292..3419665,organism=Cedecea neteri,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgseilalfdepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsqssgptlnrlgfttdlseqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivnryrpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaseavgvpviaidaagfygsknfgnrlagevmvkkvmgqrepapwpqntpfapehrhdigligefniagefwnvlplldelgirvlgslsgdarfaeiqtmhraeanmlvcsralinvarqleqrygipwfegsfygvramsdalrqlaamtgdadlitrtdaliareeaavtqalapyrerlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgitvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddalmleegnartlldvvyrygadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrglvalaqqlcltldspiwrqthqrapwh
>Methanosarcina_vacuolata_Z-761  coded_by=complement(1173541..1175106),organism=Methanosarcina vacuolata Z-761,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkemkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeldvvfggekklssaidelvglyhppvvfvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkrlikrpseedikkkgprvpetikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsltgdsttkaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqaeygipylnasffgiedislalrrtadyfgsekmkeraeqileaeinrimpeisrvrervkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfdelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellirqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfarevdasisspvwkavrqrelipeamesekksgrikkvaveerisrencakeckgmllkpeflhqkseaavesqv
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7822  coded_by=4077194..4078624,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7822,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mstvedrkqliqevldeypeklakkrakhlnvyeegksdcgvksniksapgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkimteietlfplnngvsiqsecpigligddieavarkaskdtgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfsrtdaeeiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtinemmqtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwfeynffgptkiaaslraiadlfddtirenaekviakyqkqtqdvldkylsrlqgkkvmlmvgglrprhvvpafrdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrttdyiedatlvyddvtayefekfvtelkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifakdmdlalnnptwgliktpwkk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cg2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cg2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crg3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crg3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cnp5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cnp5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mg1.7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mg1.7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mg1.19  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mg1.19,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ij4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ij4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ij16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ij16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cri5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cri5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cri4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cri4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crc15  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crc15,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cnf2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cnf2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cam4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cam4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cam1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cam1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(109092..110594),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlttpeaqirenrlssitgykgsikdlatqaggcslksgergftqttacslgcaqgqlvlikdaavvghsaigcgsdtiqsninnrrgqfsreleytninyintnmteeatvfggaaklregireayrrfnpkvifvttscvsgiigenisgileglaeeipvplvpvhcegfrsklwasgfdaafhailtyivkpaekknpnliniinfsgigrkevvrllgrlglvpqflvqfttvdqlskiseaaatlsfcgtlgsylasgleehfgvpyikslqphgiaginswlrelgkvlgreeeveklieeetaaiaseleelreklngkrvvigmgpsfsqnytrllqelalevvwaaswhfdqrhdygeipatildlaknekdipacvselqvheinnllrqlkpdlfvcrhpgmaiwsaklgiptifindeyqsfgyqglinfgnrvadtlanptfvqylaskiklpytnwwleqdaftflgeappkkkeritkavv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=45565..47067,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlttpeaqirenrlssitgykgsikdlatqaggcslksgergftqttacslgcaqgqlvlikdaavvghsaigcgsdtiqsninnrrgqfsreleytninyintnmteeatvfggaaklregireayrrfnpkvifvttscvsgiigenisgileglaeeipvplvpvhcegfrsklwasgfdaafhailtyivkpaekknpnliniinfsgigrkevvrllgrlglvpqflvqfttvdqlskiseaaatlsfcgtlgsylasgleehfgvpyikslqphgiaginswlrelgkvlgreeeveklieeetaaiaseleelreklngkrvvigmgpsfsqnytrllqelalevvwaaswhfdqrhdygeipatildlaknekdipacvselqvheinnllrqlkpdlfvcrhpgmaiwsaklgiptifindeyqsfgyqglinfgnrvadtlanptfvqylaskiklpytnwwleqdaftflgeappkkkeritkavv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(6176..7678),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlttpeaqirenrlssitgykgsikdlatqaggcslksgergftqttacslgcaqgqlvlikdaavvghsaigcgsdtiqsninnrrgqfsreleytninyintnmteeatvfggaaklregireayrrfnpkvifvttscvsgiigenisgileglaeeipvplvpvhcegfrsklwasgfdaafhailtyivkpaekknpnliniinfsgigrkevvrllgrlglvpqflvqfttvdqlskiseaaatlsfcgtlgsylasgleehfgvpyikslqphgiaginswlrelgkvlgreeeveklieeetaaiaseleelreklngkrvvigmgpsfsqnytrllqelalevvwaaswhfdqrhdygeipatildlaknekdipacvselqvheinnllrqlkpdlfvcrhpgmaiwsaklgiptifindeyqsfgyqglinfgnrvadtlanptfvqylaskiklpytnwwleqdaftflgeappkkkeritkavv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(6380..7882),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlttpeaqirenrlssitgykgsikdlatqaggcslksgergftqttacslgcaqgqlvlikdaavvghsaigcgsdtiqsninnrrgqfsreleytninyintnmteeatvfggaaklregireayrrfnpkvifvttscvsgiigenisgileglaeeipvplvpvhcegfrsklwasgfdaafhailtyivkpaekknpnliniinfsgigrkevvrllgrlglvpqflvqfttvdqlskiseaaatlsfcgtlgsylasgleehfgvpyikslqphgiaginswlrelgkvlgreeeveklieeetaaiaseleelreklngkrvvigmgpsfsqnytrllqelalevvwaaswhfdqrhdygeipatildlaknekdipacvselqvheinnllrqlkpdlfvcrhpgmaiwsaklgiptifindeyqsfgyqglinfgnrvadtlanptfvqylaskiklpytnwwleqdaftflgeappkkkeritkavv
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=136263..137765,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msinlttpeaqirenrlssitgykgsikdlatqaggcslksgergftqttacslgcaqgqlvlikdaavvghsaigcgsdtiqsninnrrgqfsreleytninyintnmteeatvfggaaklregireayrrfnpkvifvttscvsgiigenisgileglaeeipvplvpvhcegfrsklwasgfdaafhailtyivkpaekknpnliniinfsgigrkevvrllgrlglvpqflvqfttvdqlskiseaaatlsfcgtlgsylasgleehfgvpyikslqphgiaginswlrelgkvlgreeeveklieeetaaiaseleelreklngkrvvigmgpsfsqnytrllqelalevvwaaswhfdqrhdygeipatildlaknekdipacvselqvheinnllrqlkpdlfvcrhpgmaiwsaklgiptifindeyqsfgyqglinfgnrvadtlanptfvqylaskiklpytnwwleqdaftflgeappkkkeritkavv
>Desulfotomaculum_nigrificans_DSM_574  coded_by=complement(28744..30144),organism=Desulfotomaculum nigrificans DSM 574,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpatkilnwscklkgvmdvpepvlwdtvleerkasiitkgkqkkhlkcdidsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselyrnsfstdlkeqdvifggenklaraidelvakypakvvfvyatcivgvigddleavckaaakkhnievipvqssgfagnkaagyraacdallrliqpgelssaprvntinylgdfnlagefwiiknylkqvgievnvaftgdsnykalknatraslnviqcagsmiylaqrmkelyqipylnisflgledtatslrkiaahfgdesimarveelieretakvkpvldwyrqrlqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyqtindlvdegtvilddanpselekfmlekgahllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfvgavnlakevystlcspvwqyv
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=944..2365,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mtttpaperaeteamiaevlsqypkkaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyahghlgvdnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpkleqgldeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavarvssrldipvmrvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggdsfeqtdydvaligdyniggdawasrrileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerfgtpwtefnffgptkiissmrkiaeffddeikaknraaiagyqrcvdeitkafrprlegkrvmlavgpaprhtigsyedlgmevvgtaaefahrddytgptacskegtglyddpsrvfeleevakrpdligsgpkekyifqkmgtpiepyhgvdgfaifardmarhqqpgldlleapwskageva
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=complement(1909728..1911209),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=Nitrogenase protein alpha chain
makdiadsaetnmklieevlaaypdkarkkrakhlnvaapvveaepgiqskcdnvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmlhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgttgvdsfvtmqvttdfqendivfggdkklektidelnmlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkakdigkrvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvleagegaragyepgaydvniigdyniggdawssrilleeiglnviaqwsgdatiaemerapaaklnlihcyrsmsyicrhmeenhgvpwmeynffgpsqiaaslraiaakfddriqanaeaviakyqplvdavnakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddykrtghyikegtliyddvsgyelekfveairpdlvgsgikekyntqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgyaifardmdlainnpvwgmfdapwkkta
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(4578991..4580541),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=putative nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein alpha chain
mslsprsrrsnmsyyeqnipptreqrltigdsfsgcgkelldcaqsgcmlqknrkfwqagacqmqlslmmaatvensviimhgpvgcgstlhslgpaankgkakrgkkpqalvwlttnlqesdvigggekklretveyadktfrpeiifvvstctpsiigddveevvrqtqkgvaahlvsihcpgfrtrvvataydsfyhgllkhlpleplpgedfislkenepgyelaiqnfayrknrtvnlfnatsigpadeeelvrllkalnlnvqvyteysslaeyrkmsqaalnismcnvhddyllaylkdkyglpyviqgmpigtkavrkwllavaehfgleekanrladqeekqvnealqpflpalkgqrvlisggvvrvaeeakvlkdlglevigvrayhydngaepvygsladelpevhvsvsnqlfelanqiaryqpdlviahsgtqgwvakmgvpaiqlfdvdrayfgyrglfslvkriafafentslprrlaqhvslpykkewyekdpfsylkg
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=740653..741981,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase
mskiieqprfscalgaqqtviaikrgvpilhsgpgcsnkissligqgegyaggntipctnateadvvfggerklknvidgafqvidadlyvvltgctsdivgddvgsvtskyqegdkpivyvetggfksnnyvshsevvnaiidqyvdkfknsngvkkglvnvfttvpyqdpywngnleeikrvlegiglevnilfgnesngieewktipnaefnivasswvglniaehlknkyktpyvhfpylpigaiatskflrqigefghldknkvenfikkeeekfyfhiektadfmlefryglprkfysildasyslgfskfllnelgilpgkqfiiddtpeqykesiikefesiseyrsaevefnvdagavqleiekekekdfqegralilgsgwdrdlaaklnadllitsvpvtyrlvlncgyagyngglraiediydrvlntyr
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=740653..741981,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=Nitrogenase
mskiieqprfscalgaqqtviaikrgvpilhsgpgcsnkissligqgegyaggntipctnateadvvfggerklknvidgafqvidadlyvvltgctsdivgddvgsvtskyqegdkpivyvetggfksnnyvshsevvnaiidqyvdkfknsngvkkglvnvfttvpyqdpywngnleeikrvlegiglevnilfgnesngieewktipnaefnivasswvglniaehlknkyktpyvhfpylpigaiatskflrqigefghldknkvenfikkeeekfyfhiektadfmlefryglprkfysildasyslgfskfllnelgilpgkqfiiddtpeqykesiikefesiseyrsaevefnvdagavqleiekekekdfqegralilgsgwdrdlaaklnadllitsvpvtyrlvlncgyagyngglraiediydrvlntyr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC416B00  coded_by=complement(8666..10168),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC416B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfetkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC426A00  coded_by=48182..49684,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC426A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfetkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC424B00  coded_by=87933..89435,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC424B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfetkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC422A00  coded_by=421277..422779,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC422A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfetkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR365  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR365,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Pseudomonas_putida  coded_by=7..1485,organism=Pseudomonas putida,definition=NifD
mtgmsreevesliqevlgvypekarkdrnkhlavndpavtqskkciisnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddiepvskvkgaelsktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandagrdwvlgkrdedttfastpydvavigdyniggdawssrilleemglrcvaqwsgdgsiseieltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaakfdesiqkkceeviakykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtmkemgdstllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapweasegaekgaasa
>Herbinix_hemicellulosilytica  coded_by=60924..62399,organism=Herbinix hemicellulosilytica,definition=hypothetical protein
maninltlpevqireirinsitgyhgdakelveagksglkdkdrsfsqcmgcatskaacmtiliqdaavishgpvgcssclhefaftyrvnsplrgiekptprrifstnlqekdtvyggniklaaairdvynrtkanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhsiarklikkprrrrqdminvinfwgsdvfadwfepfgakpnyitpystvdglkysseaaatvqacqtlgsylgavleqefgvpevpaappygiaqtdrwfkalgkvlgkediaekiieekkkeylpkiealreklrgkrayvtagaahghgllmvlkelglettgaaifhhdpiydnkreendqlamgvndygnvpnfnvcnrqefelvnalnrirpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgipsllvgdehfsmgyeglvnygerlleviendefvknlekhainpytewwlkqptyyflkggtgi
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyenddalheklieevlshypdkaakrrkrhlsvsrnkrenaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkletlideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeehkttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkkevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleqiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapaaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqigaslrqiakhfgpeieeraeriiarysgltdavldkystrlrgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkdgtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekyavqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwslydapwkkvtmpaaagaae
>Desulfovibrio_africanus_str._Walvis_Bay  coded_by=985744..987150,organism=Desulfovibrio africanus str. Walvis Bay,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
metifeerqdqiqvtnaetafeiacnkdslagavslracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlrerdvifggekklyaslvelidrhqpkaafvystcivgligddlqavcrkvtaekgipvipvmsegfkgnkragylaacqamaklvgtgdttgispmsvnilgdfnlageiwlvreyfkkmgiqvvanitgdgrvddirrchgaglnvvqcsgstmdlakimqdkygvpfmrvsyfgiedmaqalydiakvflphdpdilrrtqelvrgelsglmprlkalrkdlegkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrhlgmktvmvgsqtgteedykelaeitdegtiiiddanplelsrivkdkdvdilvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherklalegfegmynfalevhrtvtcpvwrftprrsgvpigkapasetftatneea
>Diplosphaera_colitermitum_TAV2  coded_by=66226..67788,organism=Diplosphaera colitermitum TAV2,definition=Nitrogenase
mvqiadnlppatstppaatpssvvapsavaqsiailparaasitiagaaasapaplacdrnslagsvtqracafcgsrvilypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgaqssgsqlfrnsfstdlqemdviyggekklgaalreliarhspkaafvystcivgvigddveaicksvardtgipvipvasegfkgtkktgyraacdavyrlvgtgdisdippvsinllgdfniagetwvirdyfrrmgvnvvstltgdgrvddirrchgaklnlvqcsgsmtslakmlekdhgipfkrvsffgiedmssalyevaghfsaqdpgltgrtqavvreeiekimpelrrhrekltgkkaaiyvggafkafslvralrtlgmttalvgtqtgdkddyemlrqmcdpgtvivddsnplelakfclekdvdlfiggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkealagyvgmlnfarevyasvmspvwkytprraarphhgaaappppdarqraqfcgtvvpsdggdaaaplps
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=2661525..2662898,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=hypothetical protein
mvprgntnlfiepdcehnaqknkgcaspkpgeltkgcafqgsraallpisdaahlvhgtpgclensrgmleagalgvplsrfgfstglteedivlggekkliqaidyiaesynppclfvyatcitmltmdnldaicaeaeqkwnkpvipvhhsgffgsknmgyrqagealfekvigtselneenkglfninligeyhfsgegkeieallsrlgirvvsriagqcsfqdlrcahsakvnmlvcsrsmitlarkmresfgipyfegsfygtreirfslqqlsfhfqdaqfdkrvqryirreeervrkdiylhykslqgkkvvlytdgieswafispllelgikivgigtnknaledlsrimerteqdtilvkesdenrilqlyrehkadlmivsgrnayvplkeklpfldidqerhgaysgymglrrmaqdlvdvmeqpvwemarrrspwegepdehhi
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=1..1494,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenknlvdenkeliqevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheenksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskqigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpeydklkkenrldfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavldkyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwkkaaakakaaa
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_6720  coded_by=1..1494,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 6720,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenknlvdenkeliqevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheenksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskqigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpeydklkkenrldfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavldkyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwkkaaakakaaa
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=complement(join(1700481..1700612,1711902..1713263)),organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppenknlvdenkeliqevlkaypeksrkkrekhlnvheenksdcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskqigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpeydklkkenrldfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavldkyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwkkaaakakaaa
>Ruminococcus_albus_8  coded_by=complement(11603..13171),organism=Ruminococcus albus 8,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
makniqldletvqnremrlgsiiswdgkaselvelsryeeralrhkgecpgagksgegcrlcelnmpfnqqsmcansiaacqagnirdcvliqhspvgctarnpefnlafrnglerrgieprninimttnllendmvfgaseklkraareaferydpkaiffsmscstaiigedlssiaaemedelgipvapmqcegfrskhwstgfdisqhavlrhivnknpkkqpdlinivalwgtdyftdmlkplglrvnyimdiasfdelaqtseaactstfchtlgsyfataleeaygvpqirapqpygfagtdawlraiakqvgkekeaeeyiaaehervrpkieelkeklkgvngfvltgssyahglisvlrdlgvtvdgsvvfhhdpvydggyeeqntlktlvdnygdiphftvskcqpfqlpallsrvkadfiiirhnglapnaarmgipsfaigdehfpvgydgmirvgeavldvlarkkmnqvlkrhvglpysdwwlsqkdpfilakhpevldettkevqd
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=complement(3311800..3313281),organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=nitrogenase
mpkvnlnlsevpirekrlgsitgfagsagelvgcsnegclkdgtrsfsqcmgcgsgnafcqlsmirdaavinhapvgcagdfagfnfvyrvgqmerelpssigryfntnidemdtvfgaltklektirlayervspnaifittscasgivgedvesvttklteelgipvvncvcegfrskiwtsgfdsayhsvvrglvkpptkktnkvniinfwgsdvfskllerlgyeanyivpfstvsqletiseaaatiqvcptlgtymgaaleqvygvpeikapmayglagtdawmrelgrvlgredvieeiileeraavlpkleeyrakltgttcyltagsahghaliallrelgidvqgaaifhhdpiydnespeadmldhtvktygdvksynvcnkqayelvnilnrvrpdlmiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdehfswgyqgllnyaeriletldnrefvtnlakhssmpytkwwleqdpytflggnahvkay
>Paenibacillus_sp._IHB_B_3415  coded_by=complement(28456..29820),organism=Paenibacillus sp. IHB B 3415,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdpvrkdefdseacgsiapkakpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpslsqygfatdltdsdiifggekklkesidyiaerfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavcktaaerigipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepepltplgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnsagitvtsritgdarykeitwahrakvnmvvcsrallglakemesrygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaflmndremerrvdrltereearlsqdlrpyrkllkgkravlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaaspapwdkeappydr
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=complement(3995068..3996534),organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslapaesiedikarnkalikevlevypektakrrakhlgtfeegkpdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqvlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskakskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkqegkparfeqtdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptkieeslrkiashfddkikdgaerviakyraltdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwklaktpwaa
>uncultured_bacterium_DX-1A-14  coded_by=661..2175,organism=uncultured bacterium DX-1A-14,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein
mptklamkvqevfdepgcdknrdkpeaerkkgctkqlapgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdaahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhaassgpstyrmgfttdineldviyggekrlykairqiierydppavfvyqtcvpaltgddieavckaasekfgkpvipvdspgfagvknlgnklagealldhvigtrepecttptdiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldaigvrilacisgdarynevagshraraammvcskamvniarkmqerydipffegsfygigdtsdslrqivrllvnrgapeailakaealireeeerawarigpyrdrlrgkrvllitggvkswsvvaalqeigmevvgtsvkkstredkqrimeimgndahmiddmtpremyrmlkdaradimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhhayagyegmvtlvreidraihnpvwdqvrrpapwedgapswdagmpslpgaeddeggvraaalpqpepdsepvhlpelg
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=4793975..4795525,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase associated protein E
mkeltgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgdviplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelvgiyhppvifvystcivgiigddlesvcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikkpevkkpdagpevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfermgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqkeygipyqtisffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeiletetnrimpeisrvrervkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlepefvepekatvelgqekatveektsekpyvkkckgaalkpeflrsrsdvavesev
>Methanocella_conradii_HZ254  coded_by=139311..140912,organism=Methanocella conradii HZ254,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maitderleevlvtypdnvkknrkkhlliknsaeacqqieantrtipgiisqrgccfagckgvvigpikdmihivhgpvgcayyswgtrrnkaradettppenvylplcfttdmqesdivfggekklakmidevveifhpraisicatcpvgligddinavaraaqerhgiqvlafncegykgvsqsaghhiannglmvnavgkgtvrksgkyvinilgeyniggdgweierilkecgytincilpgdgsilnirnlhladlnlvqchrsinyiagmmearygmpwlkvnfigvsacarslrevaqcfgdesliqrteeviaretarvmpviehyrkicqgktafvfvggsrshhyqyllrdlgmetvvagyefahrddyegrevlptikadadsknipdlhfepddefyqeghvylnmpkekydelrkriplgyyegmiksmedgqliiddvnhhefeeivrmlkpdivftgvrdkyishkmgvpsrqlhsydytgpyagfngamifarevanavttpawrlvtapweaqke
>Mangrovibacter_sp._MFB070  coded_by=349074..350522,organism=Mangrovibacter sp. MFB070,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msstlteqhqaiveevlevfpektrkerrkhimstdqemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcsyagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgmsgidsfgtvnfttdfqerdivfggdkkldkvideiemlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligdnieavanasrkkigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwildnrkdqpfestpydiaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtliementprvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeeqnnipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaqfdetiqqkaeeviarhqvmadtiiakyrprleglkvllyigglrsrhvigayedlgmeiigagfefahnddydrtlpelktgtllfddassyeleefvkalkpdlvaagikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswsaltapwlkta
>Chlorobium_ferrooxidans_DSM_13031  coded_by=55592..57226,organism=Chlorobium ferrooxidans DSM 13031,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain:Nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
meanthfpdpsqvreeliqryptkvakkraksiivndpqiipevqanvrtvpgiitqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnivhgpigcsfyawmtrrnqtrpesledanfipycfstdmqeenivfggekklkqaiqeaydlfhpksiaifstcpvgligddvhaasremkeklgdcnvfgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngvfkhmvgrdntpsegkfklnllgeyniggdafeierifekagltlissfsgnstvkqlenshmadlnviqchrsinymgdmmetkygipwmkvsfvgaessakslrkiaeyfgdeelkakveaviaeempkvkaiideilprtkgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlftelgmttvaagyefahrddyegrevlpnikidadsknieelkvvadpelynprkteaelealkekgleingyegmmkqmtkkslvvddlshyeseklieiykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpytgfegavnfykdidrmvnnpvwklikapwekagngaaleatyvtq
>Rhizobium_sp._CCGE_510  coded_by=complement(53444..54946),organism=Rhizobium sp. CCGE 510,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msldyendsvlhekliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideiealfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkkaapaeavaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_38  coded_by=<1..>780,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 38,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
rakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>780,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
rakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghieaegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Paenibacillus_riograndensis_SBR5  coded_by=3261018..3262379,organism=Paenibacillus riograndensis SBR5,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpkgvpnlfiepdcehnrqpgkgcarpnpgevtkgcvfqgsqavllpisdaahlvhgtsgclqnswgmleaampegplpylrfsmgltetdiilggqkklleaiqyiieyyhppcifvyatcitiltaedlnavcskaeslwklpviplhnsgftgsgnmgsrqagealfekvigtcepdprkltpfdinligdyhfskagheieamlskigirvisriagectfdelcsahqaklnllvcsrsmvtlarkmrdsfgipyfegsfcgsreirfalrqlsfhfqnegldkqlnrymrreeerlhkdilrrykplkgkkvvlftdgheswiyisllyelgikiaaigtnqnaqedlsrikerihddtlliiqsdetrilqlyrerkgdlmivsgrnsfvplkekipfinigeeqhggyagydgvrrfaqdvmdtlaqpvwtmirrhspwevdsyg
>Rhodomicrobium_udaipurense_JA643  coded_by=complement(3836..5293),organism=Rhodomicrobium udaipurense JA643,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mslglaesedlkaknkalveevlkvypdktakrrakhlgvyqngkpdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfgtmqftsdfqendivfggdkklsklmdevqelfplnkglsvqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyggkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkaegkparfeateydiailadyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpraklnvlhcyrsmnyvarhmeekygvpwveynffgptkileslrkiaaqfddkikenaekviakyqplmdavvakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtthyikdgtlvyddvtayelekfveaikpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwklnkapf
>Heliobacterium_gestii  coded_by=837..>2107,organism=Heliobacterium gestii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
maeqqdqkgcatremvdevlaaypdkaqkmrakhitvkeegcascsirsnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvfgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnlaegtlgvdnfvpfqftsdfsegdivyggdkkleqlcrevkelfptvkgisvmsecpvgligddiesvskrmskelgipivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdhllakkerpdpgpydvsligdyniggdawasikileemglkvrntwtgdstiemlqtahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhmeeeygipwlefnffgptkikesirkiaaffdetiqekaeaviakydplmqatiekyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtfpmmgdntviyddvtayefeefvnrmrpdligsgi
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans_C2-3  coded_by=2488461..2489861,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans C2-3,definition=nitrogenase, MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein
mlnqkvqevfeepacghnkaksekdrkkgctkvatpgaaaggcafdgakialqpivdaahlvhgpiacegnswdnrsalssgsrlyrtgfttdmnemdviyggekhlfkairqiierfdppavflyqtcvpaiigddieavakaatekfgkpvipvnapgfvggknlgnklagealldyvigtmepetttptdlniigeynlsgelwqvsplldrlgirvsacisgdaryrevasshraraamlvcskaminiaskmeeryqipwfegsfygisdmstslrnisrllvdrgapsdliertedlivseekeawaaierfrpglegkrallitggvkswsvvsalmeaglvvvgtsvkkstkedkeritelmgedahmidtmtpremyrmlkdaeadilmaggrsqfvalkarvpfldvnqerrfafagykgmvtlvselhrtitnpifqtlknpapwspgcrttplv
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmallfrqmhs
>Xenococcus_sp._PCC_7305  coded_by=6294..7739,organism=Xenococcus sp. PCC 7305,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mttveqnkelikevleaypekaakkrskhldvyeegnsdcgvksnkksvpgvmttrgcayagakgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklidelevlfplsngttiesecpigligddieavarkkaketnkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadeyrklpegfesspydvniigdyniggdawpsrmlleaiglrvisqfsgdgtfnetvmtplaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygirwleynffgptqiakslrkiaaqfdetiqenaerviaqyqadmdavieqyrprlagktvmmmvgglrprhvipafedlgmkvigtgyefghgddykrtadyvkdgtviyddvsghefeefakqlnpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyhgfavfardmdlainnptwglienpwdk
>Frankia_sp._R43  coded_by=261708..263168,organism=Frankia sp. R43,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtttptppraeteamiaevlshypakaakfrakhikandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdlvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyargpwgvtnfaamqvttdfqekdivfggdpklaqvcdeinelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieatsraaskklgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtgganhvstpydvaligdyniggdvwasrriledmglriiaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerygtpwmefnffgpskivksmraiaekfdetiqakteaaiaryekqfeeiikafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevigtgyefahkddytrtygmlkegvvlyddptafeieefakhlkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdmainsptwdlmetpwsksgevf
>Methanolobus_psychrophilus_R15  coded_by=1336629..1338131,organism=Methanolobus psychrophilus R15,definition=nitrogenase associated protein E
mpeitsvvntlderqpyialkqakkkdtalacdntslagamsqracvysgarvalnpvtdavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssaketfrtsfssnmkeldvvfggekklskcieelvglynppvvfvystcivgiigddlqavckeaslihnipviavhsegfkgtksdgykaacnalmqligtrepeitspytmnilgdynvagdvwlvkplfekmgiqvitsmtgdatcetisqahrarlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmhqeygipfrkvsyfgiediaialrtaadffgsqemkqiaeeiiesetrrimpeiqsirnrlqgkkaaiymggaakaltlikgfrelgmevviigtqtgkkddyeqisyqvkdgtvivddanplelaellrrqkadlmvagvkerflayklgvafcdfnhdrviefegydgflnfareldasmnspvwkaygsrlkpaletdtvsknnfarkachraeseesikerenmqdlntttqqesva
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR496  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR496,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpdksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Rhodovulum_sulfidophilum  coded_by=complement(1499689..1501176),organism=Rhodovulum sulfidophilum,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msdalkqtvqeafnepgcatnraksaearkkgcakpltpgaaaggcafdgamitlqpivdvahlvhaplacggnswdnrgsassgsmlyktgfttdlteldivmgkgeaklyaaireivethappavfvyatcvtamigddiaavckaateafgtpaipvdvpgyagsknlgcklagemmyrhvigtvepervtdcdiniigdynlngelwqikplldrlgiriigslsadaryrqvavmhrarvtmlvcshaliglarkmedtwgipffegsfygisdtsealrtmcrmlvergapedlidrcealiaeeeakaraalapyrprvegrrvllytgghkswsvvsalqelgievvgtsvrkatetdkarvirimgdethmyenmapkdmyatlkaakadilmsgarsqfvalkartpwidvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsvnnpvwddvrrpapwdgpgdaprpatglrpaaledpapgpvndpkdfedc
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC209A00  coded_by=complement(29699..31201),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC209A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagqydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcby1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcby1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcby6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcby6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcby2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcby2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Microcoleus_sp._PCC_7113  coded_by=complement(1475212..1476591),organism=Microcoleus sp. PCC 7113,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkitqgkinelltepgcehnhqkngqkknkyctqvaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpmvykmgfttdlgendvifggekklykailevqqryqpeavfvystcvtaligddidavcqaaakktgtpvipvnspgfigsknlgnrvggeslleyvvgtqepelttpydinligeyniagemwgvtplfeklgirvlakitgdgkynqiayshraklnvmicskalinmarkmeerygipyieesfygvedmnrclrnialkigdadlqervekliveetaaldealapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmevvatstkksteedkarikellgkdgimmekgnaqellrvidktkadmliaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareldealyspvweqvrkpapweqevi
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=complement(1060695..1062122),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslsaknqdffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmqerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleiagtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvrepapwemapargeemseeeall
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_AK83  coded_by=complement(1070165..1071592),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti AK83,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslsaknqdffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmqerwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleiagtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvrepapwemapargeemseeeall
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ai2.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ai2.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkirpeekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Ai1a-2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Ai1a-2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkirpeekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Ai4.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Ai4.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkirpeekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendnalheklieevlsyypdkaakrrkkhlsvaknkqetakegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraerviakysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=complement(4958620..4960176),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mphhefecskviperkkhavikgkgetladalpqgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdvkekhivfgaekllkqniieafkafpqikrmtiyqtcataligddinaiaeevmeempevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitgdhvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfkpladslrkigmffgiedrakaiideevarwkpeldwykerlmgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgegtlaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsgiditkdnapewgngfrtrqmlsdgnlsdavrnsetlrqytggydsvsklrereypaferkvg
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=complement(4959685..4961241),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mphhefecskviperkkhavikgkgetladalpqgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdvkekhivfgaekllkqniieafkafpqikrmtiyqtcataligddinaiaeevmeempevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitgdhvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfkpladslrkigmffgiedrakaiideevarwkpeldwykerlmgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgegtlaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsgiditkdnapewgngfrtrqmlsdgnlsdavrnsetlrqytggydsvsklrereypaferkvg
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=complement(4958633..4960189),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mphhefecskviperkkhavikgkgetladalpqgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdvkekhivfgaekllkqniieafkafpqikrmtiyqtcataligddinaiaeevmeempevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepeitgdhvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdyfkrmgiqvlstftgngsydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfkpladslrkigmffgiedrakaiideevarwkpeldwykerlmgkkvclwpggsklwhwahvieeemglkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgegtlaiddpneleglealemlkpdiiltgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlsgiditkdnapewgngfrtrqmlsdgnlsdavrnsetlrqytggydsvsklrereypaferkvg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS7_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS7_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnsgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=49718..51061,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mseaaairdrdefiitkgkqkkqlkcdaesiagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeelyrnsfstdlkeqdvifggekklaaaidelvgkypeaklvivystcivgvigddlqavckaaaqrhnievipvessgfignkaagyraagdallrliepdgeklpklektinylgdfnlageawiiksylqeigvklnvvftgdskyedlkkatsaslniiqcagsmhylaakietlyqipfinvsflgiedtanslravarafqdhemmeraeiliqretakiqpviesyreklqgkkaavyvgggfkaislikqfrevgievvmvgtqtgrkeeyeaidelvndgtvilddanpaelerfmveqnadllvggvkerplayklakafidhnhdrkhplsgfvgavnfaaevystvcspvwkyika
>[Clostridium]_straminisolvens_JCM_21531  coded_by=complement(43448..44356),organism=[Clostridium] straminisolvens JCM 21531,definition=nitrogenase
mtvliqdgavishgpvgcssclhefaftyrvnyslrgierptprrifstnlkekdtvyggniklantirevyertkanaifvlttcaagiigddvesvcneaeeelgipvvaifcegfrskvwttgfdaayhgiarkliqkpraqrddminvinfwgsdvfaewfapfgakpnyitpfstvnglkyaseavatvqacstlgsylgavleqdfgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkeeiaekiiaekkkeylpkieatgkvgrknglcnsrcgpwpcvvgcagrarhesgrcsdfps
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_H7-0357  coded_by=complement(6202615..6204072),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL H7-0357,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgldieankklveevleaypkkakkdrekhfqinteeaktcgtcalksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklevimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmakelempivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvlgkaelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvehmekaygipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaalfdetiqencekmiakhkpemdaiihkfrprlenkkvllmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyektfpmmkegtiimddptayeleelaqkmnvdlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnspvwnliskkekvqaegasi
>[Clostridium]_purinilyticum  coded_by=112714..114054,organism=[Clostridium] purinilyticum,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskfidrpryvcalggalatiralprvvpilhaaagcggnltaainggagyvgsgycsglalpstnvferdivfggeerlreqikntlkivdgdiyfvltacmvdmigddtesvvkefadhsvpvlfaetggfsgnsykgydiiletlfrnfvektdekeqktinlwgvvpiqdvfwkgnlrvlkslinklgfkvntffgedetledlkqsskavlnvvvsdtfgieaakafeevhgvpyittpfpigekvtaeflrtigkalnieeiliedvideekkvyydyierivdiysdidlqryavvvgdsnytqgvtrfladdlgwlpelvvitdtlndneqetvlkrfenyesgfepkvvfdtdtssikkhfksiwpdnngsryydsfspafivgssferefaqkigaphlsvtypisnrlvldkayagyrgalslvedifstlvanr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._175LB2PYPT  coded_by=<1..>747,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 175LB2PYPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
gkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqltsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhm
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=3082929..3084263,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=hypothetical protein, nitrogenase component 1 type oxidoreductase family
mafkrcvdllegrimagemvykeqehlsldptqgcqligafrafhgikngyvvlhsppdchsgmlllrtlcdnadariafsgihprdfiygaehkaltalkkvdetfnpafialldacapaivgddldavevkaredagiksevlyfgaagfhknmwmgyesalaslakfmdnngdsknkdsvnligfkddefksvadlteikrllegvgvtinavltsddfkhivgapkatlnvvlggegvklarmmnkefgipytvvdypygisttemflervceglgkevdksfiaqerarvkesvekvqfylhgfyglscaiigdtckgvslakflsaelgfdvkvlaitnknfvceerlkeisglaqeimiepdryemeqcianvgiqmlfgstfdkrlanvagvpfirfvyptidnvaltetpyagfrgvstwlesivnslvsryyev
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens  coded_by=complement(2914847..2916388),organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
mqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkplldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqssmaaiacdpalaetarrarnigvcnrvdlgtiedaiyvhglrsvaavreltnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Lachnospiraceae_bacterium_3-1  coded_by=146507..147985,organism=Lachnospiraceae bacterium 3-1,definition=hypothetical protein
mainlessnvatrenrigsitgyigslsdlasqsecgtlkgcsrcfsqsstclsscalgqlsairdvaiihhgpagcsvasagayyldkvmakkrgvtndtvyvgtdmnekdtifgstgqlrkiilevneryapkaifvtsscatgiigedidsvvdevrdeidvpvvavhcegfksriwatgfdisdhavlsaivqppkekrntinfknfyesarpeimemfrefdlepiflycnstveelshiseslattcicgtlgnylgnaleekygvpyvrsinqcgivgfetwlreigkvtgrsekiekyiekqreiylpqieeikkelkglravigmgpgytfevsrvlnelgievvwalawhydkkyengdvppsmkylldndidfeasvadqqnfevmnilhkyqpdlylsrhpgstvwaikngtpavyvadeymifgykhtlefartildtirnrsfeqnlakrvklpytdwwyeqnigafleeakpqkkea
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC384A00  coded_by=355991..357493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC384A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Methanococcus_vannielii_SB  coded_by=complement(58530..59960),organism=Methanococcus vannielii SB,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvlnlatenrkteisskdgdfdievkipnyiidtlksreshmcvsgksdsipdcdknsapgmitqrscvyggarvvlmpitdaihlvhgpigcaactwdirgstssgdklyktgfstdlrekdvvfggenklyesilelnrlytpsaifvystcvvgligddikavckkaqeitgcrvipvqsegfksfnksaghklacdamidyligtkepeevhpysiniigefnvagdlfgiiplyekmgvkvqtaitgdstvekiakchhaklnivqcqkssnylaskmeekyqiptikvnffgveettkslravseffgdeemikrteelinseiknlrdeiakykkdlsgktvaiysgahkswalvsafseldmeiimsgtqngkpedyqkirehvcegtlivddansmelakllkeykpdilisgakekyislkcgvphcdfnhdritafsgyngfinfarvvhtavmtpvwrlskkmt
>Methanobacterium_paludis  coded_by=26451..27644,organism=Methanobacterium paludis,definition=Nitrogenase
mesqktcklfgairailgikgalplihgpigcayhiryilsarsarqvrvlstemdqndvvfgaeekleskilavdekyspeliavltscassiigedmegvikrvknhinaeimwisaggfegnqtdgyeeslsalinlmheprikkdhvknsinlvaqfrggpdlknlkkyfkklkinincvltsgatlqevknagaadlnvsmceasgivpceimqkkfgipflsetvpigvsatsnyfqticefldmeytlqedeenaklsikkylrytdgkkaviisgstraiafteflqelsvepvlicldfegrdtlkklaeitskkninpvilkepeyyeildyteklnpdiilgglgeigiskkfdiplvdvmhsqeitmgfegalklaevikealnc
>Rhizobium_etli_CFN_42  coded_by=complement(321956..323446),organism=Rhizobium etli CFN 42,definition=nitrogenase, iron-molybdenum alpha chain protein
msldyendsvlheqliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkeaapaeavaae
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii  coded_by=complement(2562..4013),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii,definition=oxidoreductase
mssietrtrhvsgehsaeicrrtkikachnaspgsaagggcafdgakvvlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgpvlwrtsfttdlteleivtgdserkllkaireikegyapaaifvygtcvteligddiaavcrhaaqkfaipvvpvkspgfggsknlgsrlageallehvigtvgaddsgphdinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryaevasahrsraamivcstalinlarkmeerwdipffegsfygisstseslrriaqllvkkgagfallhhveallaeeeerawkklevyrrrlegkrvhlntggvkswsivhalieigmeivgtsvrkstvrdkeriklmlkdenqlhqsmaaselyvmlrehkpdimlsggrtqfvaleakipwldvnqerqhayagyegmvelarqidlaihnpvwaqlrdpapwkqfvtaakpaertafistsafeatrgfh
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=complement(2961460..2962818),organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvevlearkqqvlekgkdtyalecekastagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlihgpigcaaytwelrgslssgpelhrlsfstdlkendviyggekklyaaltelineykpkaafvyctciigligddvdavcakvekehgiqvipvhsegfkgtkkdgykaacegafkltgkdnttpvsdfsinilgefnlagetwiikdyykrmgievtscitgdgrvgeigkahrarlnvvqcsgsmtylakmmekeygipfirvsyfgiedmskalydvadffnnekimentkelvrsevsdllprlaefrkdlegkkagvyvggsfkafsmvkalrhlgmetvvvgsqtgspedyeylkeitnegtiilddtnplelsgfilekgadlliggvkerpiaykmgigfcdhnherkealagfegmlnfarevhnsvtspvwkysparmkaqekki
>delta_proteobacterium_MLMS-1  coded_by=complement(2098..>3163),organism=delta proteobacterium MLMS-1,definition=Nitrogenase
gvsqsaghhiannqvfrhivgendevkpgkfkinllgeyniggdgfeidrifdkcgitcistfsgnstydqfasahtadlnavmchrsinyvadmletkfgipwikvnfigagatakslrkiaeyfgdkeliarveeviaeempeveeaaaevrprtegktammfvggsrahhykelfdemgmktisagyefghrddyegrqviphlkvdadsrnieeievepdparfrprksdqeiqaleksgyqfkhyeglapdmdkgtliiddlnqyeaeklvelmkpdifcagikekfsiqklgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgavnfyheidrlvgskvwsymkppwqdnpqlsasyny
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=980148..981635,organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mainlnvsavgtreerlgsvvgyvgdikdlarqsrcgtlkdqercfsqsstcdngcavhylahirdvaviihapsgcaalasasvtmhtqladkrgleyhsvilgtdmnesdtvfgavdglrdivvqtyerykpsavfvatscvsgiigedvdsvveeldrelpvpvvamhcegfkskvwatgfdaadhailrgivkpprekrnvinfknfnelarreitemfanfgvtpfflysnttveelshisealatvsicgtlssylgnaleqeygvpyiktinplgvagfeiwlreigrvigkeneveayiqeqrqiylpqleevkkklkglrvvlgmgssfafqvarviqeldmevayiaswhydsryddgeapphvqylaehtpdnfkvsvadqqnfeilnilntykpdlylarhggttvwaikqgtpsifmadeymtygykgtldfaykilaaitnrsfeknlssrielpytswwyeqdssllykkeeveanaqdt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC420B00  coded_by=14894..16384,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC420B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddikavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmeqrwdirffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmapcelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdcqpavreelpstksetatlhvvqefagttagdfggc
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkitklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfestqydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=5036448..5037818,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrntqeeinkllneiaceynvkklqskpnkttckkppkpgaaqgncpfegamvalgpitdavhlvhgpvgctrnpwgsrgslsssselyqmgfstdlseneiifggekkleksilhiaqrynpaaifvystcvtaligddiesvckkatnqvgipvvyinapgflgsknlgnriagealldyvvgtaepefttpfdiniigdynvageiwnilpllqklgirvlskitgdaryqeicyahraklnvvicsnvslkmaqtmqerygipyieesffgienmnsclrniaaafgdqylqertewliaeetaaldialapyrsqlqgkrivlysggvkswsvilaakdlgmkvvatsdrkntqdekvkikellgqdgmvlakggpkallqviedmnadilvagasnqytaikaripfldinherhhayagyagmvemarefyealyspvwkqvrqpapwe
>Raoultella_ornithinolytica  coded_by=3228766..3230214,organism=Raoultella ornithinolytica,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpqmesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyftgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwvlnnregqpfaatpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddviranaekviakyegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeivaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneliapwlksa
>Nostoc_punctiforme_PCC_73102  coded_by=complement(483707..485089),organism=Nostoc punctiforme PCC 73102,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkstqgkinelltetgcehnqhkqaekknkscaqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpiadaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykmgfttdlgendvifggekklykailelkeryqpaavfvyatcvtaligddmdavckaaaekigipvvpviapgfigsknlgnrfggealleyvvgtaepehttpydinligeyniagemwgvtplleklgirilskitgdaryneiryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerynipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaklgdpdlqertekliaeetaaldlalapyrarlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaardlgievvatstrksteedkakikkligndgimlekgnaqellqlvkdtradmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemarelyealyspiweqirkpapweeeeev
>Desulfovibrio_sp._A2  coded_by=146189..147823,organism=Desulfovibrio sp. A2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
malknksipdvatvkeellkkyptkvarkrakqivinqvaegdvvpevqanvrttpgiitmrgctyagckgvilgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtkapfdssenfmpyafstdmqdediifggekklaaaiqeaydtfhpkaiaifatcpvgligddihavarkmkdklginifafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqifthvvgeddtpklgeykinmlgeyniggdafelervlekcgitlvstfsgnstyehfatahqadlnavmchrsinyvaemmetkygipwikvnfigaessakslrkiaqyfgdkklidrveeviaeempavhaaleevkpftegktamlfvggsrahhyqdlftemgmktiaagyefahrddyegrkvmpsikvdadsrnieeievepdatrfaprkseadlkrlaeegftfkdyegmmpqmesntlviddlnqyeadkliellkpdvfcagikekfsvqkmgvpmkqlhsydyggpyagfkgavnfyveikrlvtskvwsdlkapweenpelsatyvwe
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgygfahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgstgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgklldeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiesdgkprfkptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgstgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgklldeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiesdgkprfkptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha, nifD
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgstgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgklldeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkiesdgkprfkptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=32744..34090,organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnksvleerkasisdksehgrgicceresvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgsltsgastyrnsfstdlretdivfggekklsaaidelmektepapklifvyatciagvigddieavcraaakkygirvipvkapgfsgtkpqgyklacdavmalispginqskrfgvnilgdynlagetwiirsyleeigipvistitgdasyeklmraptavlnlvqcagsstylaermyaemdipyikvsffgiedttaslfrvadalgkpeisakarefakrrssevvpviakykpylegkraaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgmktmvagtqtgkkdeyeiisaladdeavilddanpaelerfmlekqadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhplagfegienfvrevhttinspvwkyvkggpa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagsksvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii  coded_by=287926..289446,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgdfnarlidavllqypdktakrrkkhlgvakarealergsdalcetgvksniksipgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgvdafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideveelfplnngvslqsecpigligddieavarkkakehdktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkreadfepslfdvnvigdyniggdawasrilledmglrvignwsgdatlaeverapkatlnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrniaaffgpetqdkaealitryqplvqavtekyrprligktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyertghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelesfieairpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglydppwkvthssdaggacsccrdde
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5329H  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5329H,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lrw2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lrw2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqvtsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrtkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgapkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=complement(3626290..3627771),organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase
mpkvnlnltevpirekrlgsitgfagtagdlvncsnsgclkdgtrsfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmirdaamvnhapvgcagdffgfnfvyrvgqmerdlppaigryfntnieemdtvfgalsklektirlaydrvkpnaifvttscasgiigedvesvtdrmtnelgipvvncvcegfrskiwtsgfdaayhsivrkivkppqkrtnkvniinfwgsdvfskllnrlgyeanyvvpfstvsqletiseaaatiqicptlgtymgaaleqvygvpeikapmaygiagtdawmrelgrvldredeieeiireeraavlqkleeyraklkgttcyltagsahghaliallselgievqgaaifhhdpiydnestaadmldhtvktygdikgynvcnkqayelvnilnrvrpdlmiarhggmtlwgaklgiptlligdehfswgyqgllnyaeriletldnrefvtnlvkhssmpytkwwleqdpytflggnthvkay
>Frankia_sp._EAN1pec  coded_by=complement(8381242..8382615),organism=Frankia sp. EAN1pec,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maatdratlftepacdhnreksakerkagcpkpapggtsggctfdgamitlvpivdsahvvhgpiacagnswdgrgslssgpdlyrrgftsdvgeqdvifggeqrlfdtileavrrhhppavfvystcvtamigddldavcsaaaehtgvpvipvhapgfagnknlgnrlageallehvigtveppdvteldvnlvgeyniagelwdvlpvlakmgirvracisgdaryadvaaahraratmvvcsrallglargledrygipwfegsfygvramndtlrefarllggaelarraeevialeqtavdlalepyrerlagrravlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvangitkssdgdvekirellgpdarivsegsprellriaeetradilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagyrgavelarrldmalsnpvweqvrapapwdvegva
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2804331..2805665),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maltenqikhygdsieapryscalggaysaalatfgsipilhsgggcgfaqnagqsfagglnspgpvggastpcstlveehvifggedklrklikstislmpgdlytvitacvpaligddvnavvaefkndvkiihvnsagftgnsfrgyelyfeavidqlleekpkqeklvnifgivptqhlfwkgdlqniktllekigikaniifteinglealekipeaelnlvfsvwgispaeklkqkfgtpyvvfpsapvgpkqsseflrtvgnkfhlpadvvlkvvneeerityrfteyigniivialphayyalvadsstaigignyatnelgfnpeiviitddppeeqreqivkdltdrlesvikpkvifevdshkirlllreytvqlvlasslekyiseselggaiflsvgfpsydrlivyrsytgyrgglnlmedlmvkyggpl
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_CM1  coded_by=3648840..3650438,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri CM1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit NifD
mgaeidsriedeqklvddmlkvlpekaarnrrkhivvrncsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcafytwgtrrnfakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifhpeaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehligteeiksptpfdinvfgeyniggdlwevkpifekigyrivssltgdgsfhrisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeltrkteeviaeekakyaediekyrkklkgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkviaagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikekalgsiledvhyerdenvkptvsperieelktkiglmdykglfpdaedgtividdlnhhetevlvktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmalhsptwkfirppwkaedve
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_MS  coded_by=3658685..3660283,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri MS,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeidsriedeqklvddmlkvlpekaarnrrkhivvrncsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcafytwgtrrnfakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifhpeaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehligteeiksptpfdinvfgeyniggdlwevkpifekigyrivssltgdgsfhrisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeltrkteeviaeekakyaediekyrkklkgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkviaagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikekalgsiledvhyerdenvkptvsperieelktkiglmdykglfpdaedgtividdlnhhetevlvktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmalhsptwkfirppwkaedve
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR209  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR209,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperklkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR190  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR190,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperklkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lamp10b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lamp10b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvmpeskpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lamp9a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lamp9a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvmpeskpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lamp8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lamp8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvmpeskpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lamp5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lamp5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvmpeskpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lamp2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lamp2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvmpeskpmfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L103C105A0  coded_by=complement(28132..29634),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L103C105A0,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_C2J  coded_by=4481650..4483236,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae C2J,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeieekqlivdnilkvlpekaarnrrkhlvvrdcsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdivhlvhgpigcayftwgtrrnlakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaideivkifnpgaisicatcpvgligddiesvareaeeehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnslmehligtedikdptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikpilekigyriissltgdgsfhkisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeltrkteetiaeekakyadeiegyrkklqgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkvvvagyqfahrddyegrqiipsmkekalgsiledvhyereenvkpsisaeriaelkekiglmdyeglfpemkdgtivvddlnhheteflvkalkpdvfcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmaihsptwrfinppwkgeeee
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PAl_5  coded_by=11706..13202,organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PAl 5,definition=FeMo protein of nitrogenase alpha subunit
msldedktndsafharliaevleaypdkarkrrqkhlnvagqaeaeaqdageegvmlsecdvksnvksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigntgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideidelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkkeigktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdgedkhaafettpydvnvigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkanlnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekynipwteynffgpsqiaaslrkiaalfdekiqegaerviakyqplvdaviekfrprlagkkvmlyvgglrprhvvnayndlgmemvgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvregtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwsmfkapwknaa
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R7-277  coded_by=complement(9162..10619),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-277,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglnieenqklveeileaypkkarkdrekhfqvadekaidcstcavksniksrpgvmtprgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelempvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmektygipyleynffgptktyeslraiaalfdetiqenceqmiarykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmlaegtivmddptayeleeltkkmnidlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkvfakdmdmtvnspvwdlvsrqgtmepkeagv
>Lyngbya_sp._PCC_8106  coded_by=complement(58441..59943),organism=Lyngbya sp. PCC 8106,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltrgkitelvnepgcehnskegqsnkkackqqaqpgaaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpiacsgnswgsrgslssgpvtyktgfttdlsendiifggekrlykaiaqivkshqpaaifvystcvtaligddldavcqaaakkhgtpvipvhaagfvgsknlgnrlagealldhvvgtaepeyttpfdinligeyniagemwnvlplfekvgirvlakitgdaryqevcqahraklnvmicskalinmarkmeeqynipfieesfygiddmnrclrniadhfgdaelkqrvekliasenaaldqklapyrarlggkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgidvvatstkksteedkarikkllgkdgitiekgspqellkvieqtgadlliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhayagyegmiemakeleealyspiwqqvrcsapwevgigepiagnreqgtgnsdqeiansekeligtvvpvaepiaeiggv
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=complement(2201045..2202553),organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase
msinlnlsqvtirekrlksivgyqgtikdlaeqsqsgclknasrgfsqatncnsgcaqgylssitdaaivnhgpigcagdvaganagfqwgqrirdwnqrnvriintnmsenavvfggdkilkegilkayerfnpkaifvttscasgiigddiestirnveaeigipvvpvfcegfrsqiwasgfdaafhailsrivkpaekkrpelvnvinfagsgraviteifgrlglvpqfgipysnieeisrwseaaatisicgtlgsymgngleqnfgvpyvtalqphgisgfddwltklgetvgkekeveeylaeqkilaapeleeikfklkgkkvvvgmgpsfahnyirlledlgmevvwgfswhydakhdhggcpsctteltkkdkdipvsvsdqqnhevinvlskvkpdifigrhpgmsvwatkmgipaimvsdeysafgyqgtiefghriidaltnnslavnlskrinlpytewwleqdpfeflkqknkrkesenkknvavr
>Spirochaeta_smaragdinae_DSM_11293  coded_by=complement(3217467..3218855),organism=Spirochaeta smaragdinae DSM 11293,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
madtlieerrrqvftkgkddfaicgdkvsaagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpelhrksfstdlrekdvifggekklytamkrliaeygpkavfvystcivgiigddveavcrrtadeegipvipvhsegfkgtkkdgykaackalgrligtsplvrpdgnglarpvinilgefnlageawiikeyyekmgvevgatltgdgrveqlqrahgaqlnvvqcsgslkylaqdmeqrygipfkqvsyfgiedtaaalytvaeyftdplimantkelvrreleavypiihgykkvlegkkaaiyvggafkalsllrslkylgiqvvlmgsqtgsseeyeemkeladpgtvivddsnpselsrfiqeldvdlfiggvkerpvayklgigfcdhnherkialagftgmlnfakevyntvtsrswkvikeakendpwervara
>Methanothermobacter_thermautotrophicus  coded_by=1855..3267,organism=Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus,definition=nitrogenase
mpfelfgvdaeipdrkkhiyvkkqgdpegdipacntttipgcmtergcafagakgvitgaikdalhvihspvgctaygygtkryptsqempdgsmfpiekfnlkyitgtdlsesdvvfggmdklkrcileavrefpeanavytyatcttgligddidaisrevseeigkdvvainapgfagptqskghqvanytlfedlvgtaepprtteydvnligeynidgdlwvlkkyfeemginvlstftgdcchdeikwmhraklslvrcqrsanyiaklleerygvpymkvdffgieycrknlmaigeyfgiperaerviedrmkkigpeiqyfkdklrgkrvwvfsggpkiwhlprpledelgmevvavstmfehedgyekikkrvregtvivddpnsleleeiiekyrpdiilsgikekylahklgvpcilihsyengpyigfegflnlardmyaaiynpvwdllefeedvn
>Veillonella_sp._CAG:933  coded_by=complement(9554..10894),organism=Veillonella sp. CAG:933,definition=oxidoreductase nitrogenase component 1
mavnkrrfikdkvsyscsmpgvwkavahsegcvvvyhapkacahiteemernqyfrmlarreytnppytaplitsniakkesifggsqllkkcldyvvatykpryivvtdscvagvigddsaavcqeaeqeygipvlhvdchgfldgeyyggfisaakllidrfmakkefpnvtsdqpykvtligekdgpgsmaiqqfcaliedfgleiykafpgycsiedmqkigesdftvilggtqkayaylreiadymneklgishfasdypigwegtrrwlddfsvflqnfksdaknhkieieaikanvwrrfeegfepfkktlqeasivlslgyinpnydlswvlewihlgnlslakvvildnvpetqqamyrtmvqrfypettivletadtvlpkdaliittqelaepflrqlilpclppigmaglvqmyrklfmlarrrgergivlygw
>Chlorogloeopsis_fritschii_PCC_6912  coded_by=1..1494,organism=Chlorogloeopsis fritschii PCC 6912,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenqnlvdenkelikevlqaypekarkkrekhlnvheesksdcgvksniksipgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgitginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkiideleilfplnrgvsiqsecpigliggdieavakkaskqygkpvvplrceglrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpefdkakknntidfepspydvaligdhniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavlekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyafqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydrfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwkkaatkakaaa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(380673..382010),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtyiekprfscalggalstisalprvvpivhatagcgsnlfgaymggsgfwgsgycggssvptsgltendivfggslrlneqinstleiidadlflvtsgcmteiigddieavlrnfknsevpilsvetggfkgtsyngyelvleklfinylkekkskrknlvnifglvpasdpffrgdlseikrlleklglevntfftndqsidnlknaseallnivlsktygigaaksfekkhnipyyaselpigptataefllsisklleidnkkvekliseenanyykyierisdiytdsdfqhyaivvgnanntlsitrflyedlgwipkiavvtdqlednqksilddsfkninldrdmkllyetdtskiyenftnifevdkskkyqdsisplfilgssfekdfankigakilsvsypilnraildrgyagyngalhlvedlldvilsgr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1347644..1348981,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtyiekprfscalggalstisalprvvpivhatagcgsnlfgaymggsgfwgsgycggssvptsgltendivfggslrlneqinstleiidadlflvtsgcmteiigddieavlrnfknsevpilsvetggfkgtsyngyelvleklfinylkekkskrknlvnifglvpasdpffrgdlseikrlleklglevntfftndqsidnlknaseallnivlsktygigaaksfekkhnipyyaselpigptataefllsisklleidnkkvekliseenanyykyierisdiytdsdfqhyaivvgnanntlsitrflyedlgwipkiavvtdqlednqksilddsfkninldrdmkllyetdtskiyenftnifevdkskkyqdsisplfilgssfekdfankigakilsvsypilnraildrgyagyngalhlvedlldvilsgr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2076314..2077651),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta chain
mtyiekprfscalggalstisalprvvpivhatagcgsnlfgaymggsgfwgsgycggssvptsgltendivfggslrlneqinstleiidadlflvtsgcmteiigddieavlrnfknsevpilsvetggfkgtsyngyelvleklfinylkekkskrknlvnifglvpasdpffrgdlseikrlleklglevntfftndqsidnlknaseallnivlsktygigaaksfekkhnipyyaselpigptataefllsisklleidnkkvekliseenanyykyierisdiytdsdfqhyaivvgnanntlsitrflyedlgwipkiavvtdqlednqksilddsfkninldrdmkllyetdtskiyenftnifevdkskkyqdsisplfilgssfekdfankigakilsvsypilnraildrgyagyngalhlvedlldvilsgr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2076314..2077651),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta chain
mtyiekprfscalggalstisalprvvpivhatagcgsnlfgaymggsgfwgsgycggssvptsgltendivfggslrlneqinstleiidadlflvtsgcmteiigddieavlrnfknsevpilsvetggfkgtsyngyelvleklfinylkekkskrknlvnifglvpasdpffrgdlseikrlleklglevntfftndqsidnlknaseallnivlsktygigaaksfekkhnipyyaselpigptataefllsisklleidnkkvekliseenanyykyierisdiytdsdfqhyaivvgnanntlsitrflyedlgwipkiavvtdqlednqksilddsfkninldrdmkllyetdtskiyenftnifevdkskkyqdsisplfilgssfekdfankigakilsvsypilnraildrgyagyngalhlvedlldvilsgr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=38538..39875,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mtyiekprfscalggalstisalprvvpivhatagcgsnlfgaymggsgfwgsgycggssvptsgltendivfggslrlneqinstleiidadlflvtsgcmteiigddieavlrnfknsevpilsvetggfkgtsyngyelvleklfinylkekkskrknlvnifglvpasdpffrgdlseikrlleklglevntfftndqsidnlknaseallnivlsktygigaaksfekkhnipyyaselpigptataefllsisklleidnkkvekliseenanyykyierisdiytdsdfqhyaivvgnanntlsitrflyedlgwipkiavvtdqlednqksilddsfkninldrdmkllyetdtskiyenftnifevdkskkyqdsisplfilgssfekdfankigakilsvsypilnraildrgyagyngalhlvedlldvilsgr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._STM_4661  coded_by=complement(46263..47753),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. STM 4661,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mtslsakiqdvfdepacdnnrgkdakarkqgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfraireikdtyappavfvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpinapglagsknlgnklaaealldhvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryidvasahraqaamlvcssalinlarkmagrwdipffegsfygitdtsealrniaellvrkgadaeilertdtliaeqeaiawkkleayrqrlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmevgmeivgtsvkkstvedkerikrilkdenhmfeqmaardlyamlskhkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwdqvrepapwdrqpagqddlastkngtatvnvfnefagatahrfgnr
>Desulfotomaculum_ruminis_DSM_2154  coded_by=complement(3504390..3505739),organism=Desulfotomaculum ruminis DSM 2154,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdvpkalrtdptieerkesiitkgkqkkalkcdtdsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgsqlyrnsfstdlkeqdvifggerklaraidelvekypskvvfvystcivgvigddleaickaaaqrngievipvqssgfignkaagyraacdallrliqpalplkrtertlnylgdfnlagevwiirnylkqmgvdmnvaftgdsgfekikkatsaslniiqcagsmiylaeqmrelyglpylnvsflgledtgnslrkiaahfgdktmmeraeklietemarvkpgiqwygeklqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrqeeyetinelvdegtvilddanptelerfmmekganllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfdgavnlakevystvcspvwkyv
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=2489271..2490617,organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mydeltfedcshskdplmscalegvasiiagignvsvvihspqgcaatvaaaydtheidfthrktacthlfetdivmgatdklaqmikeadqkfatkvifvvgtcaadiigedieglcasiqhevdgilipvvaggfrgnkydgmdiglaaftrfiqkkgetipksvnlicpqaslnptwgadlkwmteclkrmgvrvqsvishdttmreiegagrasatillshdagykfakkleadfgiplilsdiplpigitntkrflraladtfdaheeaenmieagekyvidilrrralmiipryrncrvaistdatfgigltrmlfeelemiptlillrsgreeakrlleselesmglkakvafaadgyqtkralqeanvsavigsswesylakevgiqvgfdlflptnrdvyldkayfgftgmlnmmeimgndwerafrsdnilweqydni
>uncultured_marine_microorganism  coded_by=complement(<1..>757),organism=uncultured marine microorganism,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein alpha-subunit
hhiandvirdwvfpvadkeiaekgnegtpydvaiigdynigrdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtftemkatpsvklnlvhcyrsvnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiieslraiaerfddtikqkaeaviakykeqadgivakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmeiigtgyefahgddykrtthyvkdatliyddvtgyefeefvkelkpdlvaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Clostridium_acidurici_9a  coded_by=complement(2290751..2292232),organism=Clostridium acidurici 9a,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mseinikvpqvrirearlgsitgfkgtadelvkcshsgklkdcarkfsqcmgcssgnafcqlsmikdavvinhgpigcagdffnfnfvyrvgqmernlqpsigryfntnieesdtvfgairkledtvraayervkpnaifittscasgiigddvegvandlteelgipvvscfcegfksklwttgfdsayhsivrkivkqprnktnkvnivnfwgshifdellerlgykaeyivpfstvadleyiseaaatiqicptlgtylgaaleqiygvpeiksppaygikgtdswlrelgkvldreheveeiikeeheritpkinefrqklagktayitagaahghaiiallrelglevqgaaifhhdpvydngdntsdalshtvntygdvknynvcnkqayelvnilnrvrpdimiarhggmtvwgaklgvptlligdeqfgfgyqgvlnyaeriietldnkefvtnlakhssmpytkwwleqdpftflggdahvevy
>Paenibacillus_massiliensis  coded_by=7196..8602,organism=Paenibacillus massiliensis,definition=NifE
mqnaqiqrirrdvrmeaaaangkpkescgtkipkgtpcprpapgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswesrgslssgpelsayglstdleeqdiifgserklresilyivnrfappvvfvyttcvtaligedidavckaeteqlgvpvipvnspgfvgsknlgtrlagdvllqhvigraepeqttphdinligeyniagelwhieqllqqigirilsritgdgrfreiswahrakvnmvvcsrallglavqmerkygipyfegsfygaketsyslrqiayltgdreverkvdklaareelrlqrelepyrrllkgkrvvlytggvknwvchycitgagnegswgrhqqeycggciadcraywrlmliisrrvvrgrfsrryevvrliwslpggviciwplkeqipfvdinqerhtayagyeglltlarqlayslehpvwrlaakqapweeesgnad
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=823320..824648,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifK1
mdeiieqprhycalgaqqsvlaikgaipilhsgpgcgiklfdglsvdsgyqgvgysggssvpctntterevvfggeqrlkqvidgtlkvlkgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgqvvseykdkgipivyaetagfkgsnfkghelvieaiinqfvgekpvkkemglvnvwsvlpyqdtfwcgnlsevkkllegiglkvnilfgtesggvsewetipqaqfnlvlspwvglntakllekkygtpylhypilpigaketskflrtvgdfakldkekaeafineeeerfyyyidrsidffiefrysvadrfsnitdsfyalgiskfltnelgivpgeqyitddtpeqyrksiehefehlsnstsakvifevdggkihqrlrkyeygnhtplilgsswdrdivselngfginislpvkhrlvlnrtyvgynggltltediysniletyk
>Methanocella_conradii_HZ254  coded_by=142292..143662,organism=Methanocella conradii HZ254,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdaycsqpvqealiderqssivtkgkskghisctsdsiagavsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaahlvhgpigcaaytwdirgslssgpemyrnsfstdlgerdvifggerklaacideivamhrppaifvystcvigvigddigsvcreasqrhgidvipvestgfrsgnkiigyraaadallkliqpgeeavkptrkvnflgeynlggekwvverymrdigvevnvaftgdstvarlkqapraclnlvqctgsmhyvarrmeeafgipyidvnffgadntaeslrkiaefygedaknraealigremarigpslrkyreklagkraaiyvggafkasaiirqmkelgmevvltgtqtgkkeeyekldgmlsdgaviiddanpaeiemflrekkvdvmvggvkerflayklgvgfvdhnhdrkeclagfdgavnfareiyrtacspvwkhvkkgvkp
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC374B00  coded_by=complement(20376..21866),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC374B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddidavcqraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtaephdagphdinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvqkgadpeilgrtelliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigivivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddyhifeqmaardlyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlairnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavgeerpctksetvtlhavqefsgttaadfgec
>Dehalococcoides_mccartyi_CG4  coded_by=complement(962716..964080),organism=Dehalococcoides mccartyi CG4,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mieilkdrkqqvreggkaagfdmvcdtaslagsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcaaytwdirgalssgpqlhrmsfstdlrekdvifggekklyrvltelidtyhpkaafvystcivgvigddveavcrtvsrekgidvipvhsegfrgtkkngyqaacqalsrlvgtadtagisklslnilgdfniageiwqikeyyrrmgiqvvstitgdarvdeirrahgaslnvvqcsgsmmalarmmqekygipylrvsyfgiedmskalyevaeklgdeamlsrtrelvsqevasimpelreyrrklegaralvytggafkvfsmvrslrtlgiktvvagsqtgdkddyrqladlcdedtvllddtnplelakyvqekgvdliiggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkiclagysgmlnfarevytsvcspvwslmprrrlhtggeqt
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=complement(5062836..5064500),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssltdkiqevfnepgcstntgksakerkkgcskplqpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgvkssgpklfrtsfttdmsendvvfggekrlfksikqiiekydppavfvyqtcvpammgddiaavckvatekfgkpcipiiapgfvgaknlgnklageamldhvigtqepdyttpydiniigeynvagelwqvkplldelgirilsclagdaryheiarshraraammvcstaminvarkmeerygipyfegsfygitdtsdslreiarllilrgadpelmdrveavitreearawdaiktyserlkgrkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeagltivgssvkkstkedkerlkemspdvhqiddlrpremykmlkdaqadimlsggrsqfvalkakmpwldinqerhyayagyvgvvelvkqidkalsnpvweqvrkpppweetswedraeadnaaeaaalaadpelaeaarrativcqcknidvgtiedairahdltviaqvtqlteagggcgsckekiaamlareattasapaqva
>Xanthobacter_autotrophicus_Py2  coded_by=100648..102549,organism=Xanthobacter autotrophicus Py2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssvsatiqevfnepscaknqnkseaekkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgakssgsqiwrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlfksikeiiekynppavfvyqtcvpamigddidavckaakekfgtpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageailqhvigteepeyttpydlniigeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirimacisgdgrykdvasshrakaammvcskaminvarkmeerydipffegsfygiqdssdslreiarmliergadpelmdrtealiereeanawaaiakykprfkdkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstredkerikelmgqdahmiddmtpremykmlkdakadimlsggrsqfialkaampwldinqerhhaymgyvgmvklveeidkalynpiweqvrkpapwdnpannwqnraiaemeaeaaalaadpvaaekarrakkicncksvdlgtiedaiaahglttvegvkthtnasggcgacagrieeifearglvpaeepeldpvaaeakrrakkvcncmsvdvgtiedaihagaanladvkaqtkatggcggcaerieemldaavadadvpvtlvaae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=96..1739,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=B.japonicum nifE and nifN genes
msslaatvqdifdepgcakngskseaerrngctrqlqpgsaaggcafdgakvalqpfndvahlvhgpiacegnswdnraaassgsdlwrtafttdlsetdivfggekrlckaikeiidkcdppaifvyqtcipamigddinavckaasrrfskpvipinspgfagsknlgnklagealldyvigtrepdyttpydinligeynlsgelwqvkpvldelgvrilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamlvcsksminvarkmeqrygipffegsfygiqdsseslrqiarllvergapadllgrteaviareearawaaiqpykprlegkrallmtggvkswsvvsalqeaglelvgtsvkkstmedkerikelmgqdahmiddmtaremykmlkdaeadimlsggksqfvalkaavpwvdinqerchaymgyagivklveeidnslsspmweqlrrpapwealakareqmqsmaaiagdpvlaetarrarnicvcnrvdlgtiedaisvhglrsvaavrehtnaaggccqgriedmlmsepsdmrqaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11196  coded_by=936..2438,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11196,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageegevvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngmsvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehaktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvrngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglydapwkespsrersmaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC209A00  coded_by=complement(26482..27972),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC209A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdafnepaceqnrdkdakarkvgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracisgdaryfdiacahraraammvcstalinlarkmeqrwgipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtetliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkqrikqilkddnhmfdqmaprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavrqelprtksetaalhvvqefagttagdfgec
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RiojA8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RiojA8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._TabeB8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. TabeB8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CastH25  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CastH25,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._AbruD12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. AbruD12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Paenibacillus_stellifer  coded_by=3541414..3542931,organism=Paenibacillus stellifer,definition=nitrogenase
msikpikpinlnrsqavirekrlksivgyqgsikdlaeksrtgclknagrgfsqatncnsgcaqghlssivdaaivnhgpvgcagdvagansvyqwgqhirgvdnkrnvrivntnmsenavvfggdkilqdavrraferfnpkaifvttscasgiigddiertlkdaeaeigipvvpvfcdgfrsqiwasgfdaafhalltriikpaeqkrpelvnvinfyasgrkivteifgrlglvpqfgipfstieqlekwseaaatisicgtlggylgngleqkfgvpyvtalqphgiagfddwltrlgetvgkqqevaaylaeqkelaapelaeikrklqgkrvvvgmgpsfahnyirlledfgmevvwgfswhydskhdhggcpsctldlaekerdipvsvsdqqnheiinllkkvqpdlyvgrhpgqsvwatklgiptimisdeysafgyqgtlefgeriidaltnnslaknlaeriklpytnwwyeqdpftflnseksevdehvsvg
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=1461655..1463016,organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdmsstvkyevleerkdficlkskgdnnlqcekhsiagsisqracvycgarvvlnpitdawhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgpeiyrnsfstdlrekdvvfggekkltaaideicekyspklifvyatcivgvigddidavckraeeeykirvipvkssgfsgnksmgykaackallklmeenkgdkkikginilgdfnlagemwiisqyfkeiginvvskltgdsryeeiiqapyaslnivqcagsmtylakemekkfgipfikvsffgiedtvssimnvayamgdkqsvkkakeliegeliriepkldfyrrrlkgkraaiyvgggfkaislirqfndlgmktvmvgtqtgkkeeyevlknivdegtvilddtnpvelekfmtekgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhplcgfegavnfakeidstinspvwnvirqggya
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_6  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_6,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS17_4  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS17_4,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS22_13  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS22_13,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS20_8  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS20_8,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_14  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_14,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS11_1  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS11_1,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS1_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS1_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdksapeagskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Oxobacter_pfennigii  coded_by=complement(123054..124394),organism=Oxobacter pfennigii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta chain
mskfvdrpryacalggalatlraipraipvihasagcghnlhnainpgagylgggycgglslsstnvverdivfggedrlreqiattleimdgdiyliltgcmvemigddldsvasefldseklviavhtpsfrgnsftgyelvlsalvkkyvfktsvkvpksvnvlgivpaqdvfwegnlreikrllsklglkvntffgegetlddiknsgqaslnivvsdvygesvarefeevhnvpyittefpigaiateaflnnvskaldldesltqsvikeeksvyynyleriadiyndidlqryavvvsdgnyapavtrflsdelgwipelvvitdflddnqkqkllkrfenlesgispvvkfdtdassvkkyiaqiwpqnrndryydafnpavvvgsvferdlsaefgfplltlsypvtnrvvlnrtyagfngalsitedllsiivagr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._iv6.1b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. iv6.1b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Ec3.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Ec3.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pe1.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pe1.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Mm1.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Mm1.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Rp2.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Rp2.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Ih3.3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Ih3.3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ie2.14  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ie2.14,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM1470  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM1470,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqdlfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitseterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Slackia_exigua_ATCC_700122  coded_by=complement(100060..101439),organism=Slackia exigua ATCC 700122,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mlggisdvllishgpigcayyagisgcegpglgvganakegadataasvevpafaartfvtcmdesdivfggeeklanaideavaryhpeaiavcatcpvgiigddieqvardaairhgidvlalscegfkrepgwliggrrifeewvgretrprgpypihymsesarfgngvasslleqvgydvvcslmgattyedirasqdarlivldsgkaidavpqmygerygtgfmrvsftglgniarslramarsfgseeldlkteqvisasmeriapalerareryarriavifedifrsdafatmalelgmdvimiapdyaaqhytdqgfcmnvpvalagriacsgfpsgerraslpgcehalrpvsardadwvratfssrevtdalsilnpdicfagveqrfgrirtpmrsekflsdergtdyggfegfmsfardlaiaselghwldtepswltegrqdg
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_NCIMB_11163  coded_by=complement(1632178..1633632),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis NCIMB 11163,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdnrlkakvislfnepacaknvakgkkerrkgcgkpltpgataggcafdgskivlqpitdvihivhgplacegngwdnrqsassgstlyrngittdltqmdiimgtgekrlykairnaaerfnppaifvyvtcvpaligddveavckhaaqklnipvipvnspgfigtknlgnklagetlfdhvigtmepeqssdtdiniigeynlsgelwqikplfdqlgirvhscitgdaryrdvasahrsrvnmmvcsaalinlarkmeekwgipffegsfygieetsrslrkiakllvkggaaadlidrtealieaeekrcwerlepyrqrlqgkrvflytggvkswsivsalkqtgieivgtsvrkstetdkekikklmgsdahmiekipprdiynrlkageadimlsggrtqfialkakipwvdinqerhkayagysgilalvqdidcalsnpvwqevrqpapweegwetpeiddlfdddhlfneras
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=2483573..2484964,organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein, alpha chain
mplklfecdtviperkrhvyvknvgedtsmflpmanidtipgsisergcsycgaklviggvlkdtiqlihgpvgcayntwhtkrypsdndnyqlkyvcstdvkekhvifgaekllkqnileafkafpnckrmiiyttcataligddpkavakdvmkelgdvdifcsqcagfagvsqskghhvfnidwmnekvgtyepeitsdytinmigdyniqgdsvvlsdyfhrmgiqviahftgnetydglrsmhraqlnvvncarsagyianelkkkygiprldvdtwgfnyvaeslrkvgaffglenraeqviaeeyakwepklnwykerlkgkklciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvsmsskfghqedfekviargnigtiyiddgneleffevlkekkvdviftgprvgelvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegwvncardiyngihspiwalagkdirkga
>Paenibacillus_terrae_HPL-003  coded_by=2825553..2826914,organism=Paenibacillus terrae HPL-003,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meaavsngrlevscgnkipkstpcprpvpgeasggcsfdgaqitlipiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswesrgslssgpelsaygfttdlgeqdiifggeqklhesiryivsrfappavfvyttcvtaltgediegvckaeserlgtpiipvnspgfvgsknlgtrlagdvlfqqvigttepeqttshdvnligeyniagemwhierlmqqtgmsilsritgdgrfrevgwahrakvnmvvcsrallglavqmerkysipyfegsfygaretsyslrqmayltgdrdverrvdklaareemrlslelepyrkqlkgkravlytggvkswsvitalqelgikvvgvgtnkstaedvsriaarigddaeyipeggarqilktvrsrkadmviaggrnmymalkeqvpfvdinqerhkayagydgllslakqlvhtlqhpvwglaaklapweeetefad
>Halothece_sp._PCC_7418  coded_by=1953061..1954506,organism=Halothece sp. PCC 7418,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msivernqelikevleaypekaakrrskhinvqeegksdcdvksnkksvpgvmttrgcsfagakgvvwgpvkdmihlshgpvgcgyyswagrrnyytgltgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldqlidevetlfplnngttiesecpvgligddiegvarkkgketgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvfpkaddyrktedgyettpydvniigdyniggdgwpsrllleaiglrvisqfsgdgtfnevtmaplakmnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeetygipwmeynlfgptqiakslrkiaaqfdetiqenaerviaqyqadmdaviaeyrprlegktvmimvgglrprhiipafedlgmdvigtgyefghnddykrtadyvkdgtiiyddvsghefeefakklnpdliaagikekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyhgfavfardmdlainnptwslienpwkn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5563D  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5563D,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pdktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdrltpekshfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfosporosinus_acidiphilus_SJ4  coded_by=complement(19800..21236),organism=Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus SJ4,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvlettefrkqvveevldiypekakknrrkhitvkennecascavksnaktvpglmtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdvthishgpvgcgyyswanrrnladgeigvdnfvpflftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiieeivelfpntqgvsvlsecpvgligddiesvsrrmseklnlpvipvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhligkgperevgpydvgiigdyniggdawaskkileeiglkvvniwtgdstvemlqnghrvklnlihcyrsmnymarhmeetygtpwlefnffgptkiresvlkiaamfddtiiekaqivlenyeaemqkvidiyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevigtgyefahsedydktmanikdgtliyddvtayeleefvnklkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfpifardmdmavnsptwksikapwsk
>Desulfosporosinus_acidiphilus_SJ4  coded_by=complement(4195941..4197377),organism=Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus SJ4,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msvlettefrkqvveevldiypekakknrrkhitvkennecascavksnaktvpglmtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdvthishgpvgcgyyswanrrnladgeigvdnfvpflftsdfqesdiiyggdkklekiieeivelfpntqgvsvlsecpvgligddiesvsrrmseklnlpvipvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhligkgperevgpydvgiigdyniggdawaskkileeiglkvvniwtgdstvemlqnghrvklnlihcyrsmnymarhmeetygtpwlefnffgptkiresvlkiaamfddtiiekaqivlenyeaemqkvidiyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevigtgyefahsedydktmanikdgtliyddvtayeleefvnklkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfpifardmdmavnsptwksikapwsk
>Anabaena_sp._wa102  coded_by=complement(4194771..4196138),organism=Anabaena sp. wa102,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkvtqskinellsesgcehnqkkqgekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpmlyktgfttdvgendvifggekklykailevnenykpaavfvyatcvtaligddidavckvaaektgtpvipviapgfigsknlgnrfggealleyvvgtaepeyttpydiniigeyniagemwgvlslfeklgirvlskitgdaryeevryahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmqerygipyieesfygikdinrclrtvaaklgdadlqertekliaeetasldialapyraklkgkrivlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakiknllgndgimlekgnatellklieetnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmvemareltealyspvweqirkpapwe
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=15955..17541,organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgimthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivllthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkaipqngdgnfiqycfstnlgetdivfggekklkqaiaeivdifhpkavfiaatcpvgligddlpavatemkelygiecisfpcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigttdytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigyevvsimtgdcsiddlrkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpefterteaviaeeladikdsmeyyrskltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptivedadlknietlevekivdkyrpvktdeeleelkkeivnleyypgmmkdmkpgsvvvddlnhfeteefikqfnldmffsgikdkygiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfngavnfgrdvtmslytpawkftvapwktesvlegtfggev
>Methanosarcina_sp._Kolksee  coded_by=complement(1152833..1154398),organism=Methanosarcina sp. Kolksee,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekgqegqgiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeldvvfggekklsraidelvglyhppvvfvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkrlikrpseedikkkgprvpetikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsltgdsttkaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqaeygipylnasffgiedislalrrtadyfgsekmkeraeqileaeinrimpeisrvrervkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfdelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellirqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfarevdasisspvwkavrqrelipeamesekksgrikkvaveerisrencakeckgmllkpeflhqkseaavesqv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mlu3b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mlu3b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgkiideiqelfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeydgkkivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpdkapsfeatpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2819452..2820966),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msyfdqkeppkredrlkacityagtvcglakkgascclndgergfsqgsiclllpglaminslpdnvtilhgaigcgscahsqnanarsggnirwgkvkdaiwlstalnesdvigggeeklekaiieaektyrpttitivsgcvpgiigddidgviqkvqptvnailvpvhcegfktkiwataydavyhglgrklleepgeenrliidefaelkekvvrsrtvnlmnvssmgrvdelelsrllgslglevnifpifarpeemykvtqaalsvstcpthddyfikhlkeqygipyllnhmpigientnlwlkdvagffgleeqadqlikaetaeleaglqeflplfqgkkvfvgagefralatarllqelgfeivgirsyhhdefaigeyeklaasspkdfvfnianvqpfeeanllrklkpdvflghwhgngtasrlgvathviynsglsyigylgvyeiarrlfrqlknpilnrklsqytslpysdqwynddpfkyiktagve
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=7660..9273,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgmneaklqeildqypakvqknrkkhifikrsdvesqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyyawntrrnkaksddpkqnfinycistdmqesdivfggekklakvidevmeifhpkaitlsatcpvgligddmgavakaaeakhgvqvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmekvigtgdqeqapakfpinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigyhvvsvmtgdgsyeaiknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtieslrnmalyfddkeltlkteaviaselariepifdqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhfqnlfselgietllagyefahrddyegreviptiktdadskniphytaeadekrfrlkvspekleelkakiplgqykgmrfdmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikalkpdiftsgikdkyviqkmginskqlhsydysgpyagfngavkfaedismgfasptwnfitppwknqpllegsvteegva
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=complement(4992175..4993788),organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgmneaklqeildqypakvqknrkkhifikrsdvesqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyyawntrrnkaksddpkqnfinycistdmqesdivfggekklakvidevmeifhpkaitlsatcpvgligddmgavakaaeakhgvqvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmekvigtgdqeqapakfpinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigyhvvsvmtgdgsyeaiknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtieslrnmalyfddkeltlkteaviaselariepifdqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhfqnlfselgietllagyefahrddyegreviptiktdadskniphytaeadekrfrlkvspekleelkakiplgqykgmrfdmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikalkpdiftsgikdkyviqkmginskqlhsydysgpyagfngavkfaedismgfasptwnfitppwknqpllegsvteegva
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS11_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS11_2,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeagskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pe5.2b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pe5.2b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkiapeterrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U23  coded_by=<1..>768,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U23,definition=NifD
khlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._U21  coded_by=<1..>768,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. U21,definition=NifD
khlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(2977542..2978858),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msqhveqvrhvcslgalqsvlaidravpilhagpgcgqklwgalgfqngcqgsgyvgghsvpctnigekevifggderlrnivknslevidadlfviltgctsdivgddvgevahrfqeqgkpvvfvetggfkgtnlfghelvldaiidqylqpgetvepglvniwsvvpfhdpfwvgnlkelgsliaelglkpnvifgpghgldalakvpkaqfnllispwvglknvkhleekfgtpylhypvlpigptetnkflrnvgkyagvdeekiekviskyeadyyyyiersadvlletrllprrfitiadsfyslgiskflindlgllpetqyitdgvtevyqadieaefknfadgitaniifdndggavhedirkiklrgrplligsawekvlaeeingyqlsvsmpvsdrlvlnrsyvgyggalrlvediysivledfq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._5111P  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 5111P,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklideleelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdrltpedkpkfeptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Alcaligenes_faecalis  coded_by=115..1584,organism=Alcaligenes faecalis,definition=MoFe Protein alpha subunit
msreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndpaleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqssragrgnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideietlfplkkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkkaaehettvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfettpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvatwsgdgtisqmeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygiplmeynffgptktaeslraiaehfddsikakceqviakyqseweaviakyrpslegkrvmlyvggllprhvigaykdlgielvgtgygfghnddydrtlkemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrinpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdvaifarnmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwekaeesaekvaasa
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=648353..649774,organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=putative oxidoreductase/nitrogenase, component 1
mplfdtrraltrekrsgalshyhgtlvsiledssgteipqrvrtlsqsspgevlyalnavsgitgsaavihggigcsassfalgknssynfyttnlnesdtilggdeklrtavvraykenhpsvifiigtpinainnddvdsvileledelgckiiyidvngfrtknalsgydqvyhsflkylvepvqdantrfinlislsenpenvfviaellkrldipcniiphfsgirgiqkasgalfsislddgeneyflqgleenfsvpwiktnppigsaqtsdfirkiaqvfgsgekaekliaeeekgiaasignkplggkkvflnmdlhravsfaalveefggevlglavphldkgnefllkelsglprtlpfiiakgqqfelanalskhpadfyigdsdssataarfgaqalsldsisyygysgleklsselqkisaagifpvgisptedgktaslyseswlkrsgnwyvkvevk
>Desulfotomaculum_carboxydivorans_CO-1-SRB  coded_by=1255504..1256904,organism=Desulfotomaculum carboxydivorans CO-1-SRB,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpatkilnwscklkgvmdvpepvlwdtvleerkasiitkgkqkkhlkcdidsvagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselyrnsfstdlkeqdvifggenklaraidelvakypakvvfvyatcivgvigddleavckaaakkhnievipvqssgfagnkaagyraacdallrliqpgelssaprvntinylgdfnlagevwiiknylkqvgievnvaftgdsnykalknatraslnviqcagsmiylaqrmkelyqipylnisflgledtatslrkiaahfgdesimarveelieretakvkpvldwyrqrlqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyqtindlvdegtvilddanpselekfmlekgahllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfvgavnlakevystlcspvwqyv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lrc3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lrc3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkpdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnydvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskehdgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifdkispeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11257  coded_by=919..2421,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11257,definition=NifD
msleyendgalhaklieevlskypdksakrrkkhlsiaksgdeaggeseilsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfekkevefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrniarhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglyqapwktspsrgramaae
>Heliobacterium_chlorum  coded_by=863..>2148,organism=Heliobacterium chlorum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
maeqetpkytpatpemvdevlsaypdrakkmrakhitvktegcascsvksnsktvpglmtargcayagakgvvfgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgyyswgnrrnlaegelgvnnfvpfqftsdfsendivyggdkkleqicrevkelfptvkgisvmsecpvgligddiesvskkmskeldlpivpvrcegfrgisqslghhiandavrdhllgkkereeevgpydvsligdyniggdawasikileemglrvrnvwtgdstiemlqtahqvklnlihcyrsmnyickhmeetygiphmefnffgptkikqsiraiaahfddyikekgeaviakyepmmqavidkyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddydrtmpmmgdntviyddvtayeleefvnrmkpdligsgvkek
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=1041547..1042902,organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein
mrnledfflepgcshngektekerkkgcskpqpgsasggcafdgaqitllpiadavhivhgpiacagnswdnrgtrssssdyyrmgfttdlneinviyggeeklldaikeaadkykppavfvyqtcvpamigddivsvckraseelglpvipvdspgfagsknlgnklagdalfryvigtrepkyttpydinllgeyniagelwqimplfqelgirvlacisgdakyedvaaahrakvnmvvcskallslarkmeekygipyfegsfygikntsealrnfakllgseeliektekliakkeeetrqklkpyieklkgkkvlintggvkswsmvsqvqelgmvvvgtsskkstkedkermfkllgddgkliddpnpkelvklcrehkvdvlmaggrskfvaikegipfldtnqerikpyagydgmivlaqelvrtiyspvfdlykepppwqy
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=1041538..1042893,organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrnledfflepgcshngektekerkkgcskpqpgsasggcafdgaqitllpiadavhivhgpiacagnswdnrgtrssssdyyrmgfttdlneinviyggeeklldaikeaadkykppavfvyqtcvpamigddivsvckraseelglpvipvdspgfagsknlgnklagdalfryvigtrepkyttpydinllgeyniagelwqimplfqelgirvlacisgdakyedvaaahrakvnmvvcskallslarkmeekygipyfegsfygikntsealrnfakllgseeliektekliakkeeetrqklkpyieklkgkkvlintggvkswsmvsqvqelgmvvvgtsskkstkedkermfkllgddgkliddpnpkelvklcrehkvdvlmaggrskfvaikegipfldtnqerikpyagydgmivlaqelvrtiyspvfdlykepppwqy
>Limnoraphis_robusta_CS-951  coded_by=18740..20161,organism=Limnoraphis robusta CS-951,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltrgkitelvnepgcehnhshagqpnkkackqqaqpgaaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpiacsgnswgsrgslssgpvtyktgfttdltendiifggekrlyqaiaqivkhhqpaavfvystcvtaligddldavceaaaqkfgkpvipvhaagfvgsknlgnrlagealldhvvgtaepeyttpydinligeyniagemwnvipllekvgirvlskitgdaryqeicyahraklnvmicskalinmarkmeekygipfieesfygiddmnrclrniaekfgdpalkqrvekliasenaaldqklapyrsrlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstkksteedkarikqllgkdgitiekgspqellkviqqtgadlliaggrnqytalkarvpfldinqerhhayagyegmiemakeleealyspiweqlrtpapwetgkgeqspvtsdqltvts
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(18086..19672),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgvmthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivllthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkaipqkgdgnfiqycfstnlgesdivfggekklkaaikeivdifnpkaificatcpvgligddlpavaneskelygidvisfpcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigtmdytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigyevisvmtgdasiddirkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpefterteaviaeeledikddmdyykskltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptiiedadlknievlevekiegkykpvktdeeleelkkeiinleyypgmmrdmkkgsivvddlnefeteefikklkldmffsgikdkyiiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgaanfgrdvtmslytpawkytvapwktesilegtfggev
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(3954455..3956041),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgvmthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivllthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkaipqkgdgnfiqycfstnlgesdivfggekklkaaikeivdifnpkaificatcpvgligddlpavaneskelygidvisfpcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigtmdytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweierilkkigyevisvmtgdasiddirkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpefterteaviaeeledikddmdyykskltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptiiedadlknievlevekiegkykpvktdeeleelkkeiinleyypgmmrdmkkgsivvddlnefeteefikklkldmffsgikdkyiiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgaanfgrdvtmslytpawkytvapwktesilegtfggev
>Bradyrhizobium_jicamae  coded_by=complement(14046..15548),organism=Bradyrhizobium jicamae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslvttgsvaeikarnkqlieevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhedgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktfvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiagyfddrikegaerviakyqplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevagtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyeferfvekmqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwkktkapwkdvanpkllaae
>Beijerinckia_mobilis  coded_by=<1..>1086,organism=Beijerinckia mobilis,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
ikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeimelfplnhgvtvqsecpigligddieavskqkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkmegkparieltpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiashfddrikenaekviakyralsdaviekyrprlhgrkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkm
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._teva11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. teva11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgtpkfepmpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_bornimense  coded_by=complement(444436..445770),organism=Clostridium bornimense,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meervsvdlleertkfickkskgsgklkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlreedvifggekklgraiegviknhnpkgifvygtcivgvigdevqaickayeekynipiipvmapgfsgnkskgyklacnalmnlfnreqyskcnginilgdfnlsgemwiienylkeigveviskitgdadieslkkassarfnivqcagsmvylakmmeedfnipymkisfvgledtknsllriaglfcdekiiektktfitkeeekvlpiierykknlegkkaaiyvgggfkaislirqfkelgmetvmvgtqtgkvedyevinslvnegtvilddanpyelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfegavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Dp6.5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Dp6.5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkliklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngtdsnpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpkt2a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpkt2a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkliklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngtdsnpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpkt1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpkt1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkliklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngtdsnpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpby5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpby5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkliklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngtdsnpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpmp6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpmp6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkliklidevqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngtdsnpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A113  coded_by=<1..>756,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A113,definition=NifD
vheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Methanoplanus_petrolearius_DSM_11571  coded_by=complement(271509..272894),organism=Methanoplanus petrolearius DSM 11571,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdntcsltaetdnliterrnsivttgknkssicctsdslagavsqracvfcgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytydirgslssgsenyrksfstdmkekdvifggekklaacidelvekynppaifvystcvvgmigddiiavcknasqtygidvipvessgfvsgnkvvgyraagealyklitpkegdviektrklnflgeynlggekwvverylremgieinvamtgdstvealkkspgsclnlvqctgsmhwlankmqedfgipyidvnffgadntaeslrkiaefyddpeitarcealiereigavrevnekyrkklegkraaiyvggafkafaiirqlqdlgmeivltgtqtgkqeeyermgrllsegtviiddanpaeiekflvekkvdvmaggvkerflayklgvgfidhnhdrkdgligfegaikfirevyattcspvwkymreekggse
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=2487751..2489286,organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
msgitkdqivfhgklselyllakegkipthlqgshtrpckfwtatkvlsgirnaviithgpsgcaygvkqaykltncrnsgsyyepvvstdadlntviyggernlreailevdrkyrpeiiivatscatgiigdnvdavvgklkgeigaeimpihcegfagdyrtgfdlvfeqivdfmepptpekretlkhsvnivgakmgpertevdtdvkelvrlihgmgadvhaviagnctlaqlkaapsaavncalcldlgypigkamrdkhgtplnstilpygiaatekwlmgaakhlgmeeqaqafmqaeydavkeeyeaakqylegklaiveghdaikslsiahmlekdfgmrpviynfhpwsaqaretsidylletgvdpeilitkgtlafgkyesmqqteeelmaflgstnpaetvyfgsslsfphiplvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvaecittslayafrprssltkqivfpknaglasgasltsklsnelpdctiyaehrrgrgqcmmn
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrooxidans  coded_by=1210..2679,organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans,definition=T.ferrooxidans nifHDK operon encoding nitrogenase reductase and molybdenum-iron protein alpha and beta subunits, complete cds
msisaedlstqpqrrklpeiaelidetlkaypekfakrrakhlnvyeegksecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagsygvvwspvkdmihishgpvgcghyaragrrayyigttgvdtyttmhftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklmdeleelfpmskgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkaaefgkpvvpnrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvldpaadkhpdfestpydvtllgdyniggdwgsriileemglrviaqwsgdapsrsstassksklnllhcyrsvnyitrhmeekygipyiefnffgptkikeslrqiaaffdesiqekaekaiakyqpqwdavvekfrprlegkkvmlfvgglrpghtigafedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrttheikgntliyddvtgyefekfaeklrpdlvasgvkekyifqkmgfpfrqmhswdysgpyhgpdgfaifardmdmavnnpvwgltqapwk
>Azotobacter_chroococcum_NCIMB_8003  coded_by=143492..144970,organism=Azotobacter chroococcum NCIMB 8003,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlavndqsvtqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklidevetlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddiesvskvkgaehnttvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlgnrdddnsfqttpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrcvaqwsgdgsiaeieltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktieslraiaakfdesiqkkceeviakykpeweavvakyrprlegkrvmlyigglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikemgdstllyddvtgyefeefvkkvkpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapweaseaaekvaasa
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._PSR-1  coded_by=complement(43944..45395),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. PSR-1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maddvkvktvegitrestqamidealarypekgrkkraphlapndpsacstcvksnrktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmahvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnlmsgrngvtqfamqmtsdfqekdivyggdkklavllkevkelfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinavakkmsaeldlpvvpcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdyvietrtfgepagpydvaligdyniggdvwsaralleeiglnvkatwtgdgeleriaathqvklnlihcyrsmnymcrvmeekygipwlefnffgptkiaeslrriaerfddrikesveqviarhevetrqvidtyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhtvgayedlgmqvvgsgyefahsddydrtqpempdatviyddaseaelehfvsrlkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhayqgfpvfardidmainsptwklvkapf
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans  coded_by=1..1431,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans,definition=NifD
msnnieeakkiieevlsvypektrkkrekhlnvfqegkpdcgvksniktvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskkkskehngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkktgkpiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsieelintpkvklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiaeslrkiasffddtikenaekviakyealtkatiekykprladktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtiiyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgftifardmdmainnpvwqmakapf
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans  coded_by=1703..>3131,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain component I
msnnieeakkiieevlsvypektrkkrekhlnvfqegkpdcgvksniktvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskkkskehngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkktgkpiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsieelintpkvklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiaeslrkiasffddtikenaekviakyealtkatiekykprladktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtiiyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgftifardmdmainnpvwqmakapf
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans  coded_by=1703..3133,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans,definition=NifD
msnnieeakkiieevlsvypektrkkrekhlnvfqegkpdcgvksniktvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideievlfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskkkskehngktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdwvfdkktgkpiettpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgsieelintpkvklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskiaeslrkiasffddtikenaekviakyealtkatiekykprladktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtiiyddvtgyefekfvealkpdlvasgikekyvfqkmgypfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgftifardmdmainnpvwqmakapf
>Methanobacterium_paludis  coded_by=complement(2107930..2109321),organism=Methanobacterium paludis,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepiietfesrkkhmcikgsgisipecntpvlpgtvtqrtcvfggarivlmpitdsihlvhgpigcaactwdirgskssrgdlyrkgcstdltekdiifggekklfdtvielnklykpgaifvyatcvagvigddiksvckhaeeltgcrvipvqsegfqhynktkghwigcdalmdyvigtaepktqtpydinivgefnvagdvwgvkpllekmgvniistisgdseveeiamshraklnivqcqkssnyladkmekkygipsikvnffgidntltslmliaeffndpemtertkkiiengiegvdekikeykerlsgktvalyvggnkawslirafeelgmevimtgtkngmkedyeriketvkegtlivddanstelarllkkyrpnllisgakekyismklgvpfcdfnhdrisafagfngfvdfakavdaavsspvwdltstrlkstkwskftkmrrn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR815  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR815,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklldelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Hydrogenophaga_sp._T4  coded_by=113..1126,organism=Hydrogenophaga sp. T4,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtatvedrkatnkalidevlkaypekmakrrakhlgsfeegkpdcgvksnikslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkiideiqelfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhlandairdwvfdrtdpnkrpefvstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvisqwsgdgtiaeientpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgptmiekslreiashfddsikprpkrsspstsr
>Halorhodospira_halophila  coded_by=1105..2571,organism=Halorhodospira halophila,definition=MoFe protein of nitrogenase alpha-subunit
mssmtqdeaqalieevlevypeatreerakhlaavgadqqpskcvtsnrksvpgvmtqrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqlsragrrnyytghtgvdtfgtinftsdfqerdivfggdpklekiidevemlfplnkgitvqsecpvgligddidsvgrqaterlgkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtirdhvlenrdgdghqagpydvaivgdyniggdcwasrilleemglnvvaqwsgdgtlaementpkvqlnllhcyrsmnyicehmekthgipwmefnffgpmriaqslreiaarfdetiqanaeaviakyqpmmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrsrhvigayedlgmevlgtgyefahdddydrtypelkegtlvyddanafelerfiervqpdlvaagikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpvwdrmtppwkatgepaskaa
>Desulfovibrio_desulfuricans_ND132  coded_by=complement(1434878..1436515),organism=Desulfovibrio desulfuricans ND132,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
maktkklvqltptdvkedilskyppkvarkrakqimineatgsdsppeilanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdpgpdganympycfstdmqdqdiifggekklaaaiqeaydllhpkgicvfatcpvgligddihavsrkmkekfgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfthlvgeeqkeqdgefkinllgeyniggdgfeidrifkkcgitclstfsgnssydqfarahhadlnlvmchrsinyvadmmetkygipwfkvnfisaksaakslrkigeyfgnqklidrieeviaeemkdveaalaahkphtqgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlftelgmktlsagyefahrddyegrrvipelvpdadsrnieeievsadpelynprkspeqikamedsgfefkdydgmneqmgngtividdlnqyeaeklvelykpdifcagikekysiqkngvpmlqlhsydyggpfagfkgainfyktvdrlvsskvwsyteapwqkspeltgtfvwe
>Desulfotomaculum_gibsoniae_DSM_7213  coded_by=complement(96205..97614),organism=Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae DSM 7213,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaavpndqlindhlieeressilikggqrknqlkcdadsiagcisqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselyrnsfstdlkendiifggekklaraidelvqkykapvvfvyatcvvgvigddleavckkaaqkhgiqvipvqssgfignksagyraacdallrlieprsaarppvnkyriksinylgdfnlageawiiteylrqigvevnvvftgdskcnnlqkapgaalniiqcagsmaylaqrmeelygipymrvsflgledtsaslrsiaaffkdlqmqrraeelirretvavkpqmegyraklrhkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfrelgidvvmvgtqtgreedyqtlhhiadngtvilddanpselerfmtekgahllvggvkerplayklgvafidhnhdrkhplsgyvgavnfarevhdtvcspvwkyargsgggiyags
>Desulfotomaculum_gibsoniae_DSM_7213  coded_by=complement(2455138..2456547),organism=Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae DSM 7213,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msaavpndqlindhlieeressilikggqrknqlkcdadsiagcisqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgselyrnsfstdlkendiifggekklaraidelvqkykapvvfvyatcvvgvigddleavckkaaqkhgiqvipvqssgfignksagyraacdallrlieprsaarppvnkyriksinylgdfnlageawiiteylrqigvevnvvftgdskcnnlqkapgaalniiqcagsmaylaqrmeelygipymrvsflgledtsaslrsiaaffkdlqmqrraeelirretvavkpqmegyraklrhkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfrelgidvvmvgtqtgreedyqtlhhiadngtvilddanpselerfmtekgahllvggvkerplayklgvafidhnhdrkhplsgyvgavnfarevhdtvcspvwkyargsgggiyags
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=2415..3839,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=A.vinelandii nitrogenase (vnfHDGK) genes, complete cds
mpmvllecdkdiperqkhiylkapnedtreflpianaatipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleksmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkdrpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkicaffgieekgeeliaeeyakwkpkldwykerlqgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgvqvvamsskfgheedfekviargkegtyyiddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyvnghgyhngpymgfegfvnlardmynavhnplrhlaavdirdksqttpvivrgaa
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=complement(249776..251200),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=vanadium nitrogenase, alpha subunit, vnfD
mpmvllecdkdiperqkhiylkapnedtreflpianaatipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleksmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkdrpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkicaffgieekgeeliaeeyakwkpkldwykerlqgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgvqvvamsskfgheedfekviargkegtyyiddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyvnghgyhngpymgfegfvnlardmynavhnplrhlaavdirdksqttpvivrgaa
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=complement(249776..251200),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=vanadium nitrogenase, alpha subunit, vnfD
mpmvllecdkdiperqkhiylkapnedtreflpianaatipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleksmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkdrpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkicaffgieekgeeliaeeyakwkpkldwykerlqgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgvqvvamsskfgheedfekviargkegtyyiddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyvnghgyhngpymgfegfvnlardmynavhnplrhlaavdirdksqttpvivrgaa
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=complement(249776..251200),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=vanadium nitrogenase, alpha subunit, vnfD
mpmvllecdkdiperqkhiylkapnedtreflpianaatipgtlsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleksmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkdrpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkicaffgieekgeeliaeeyakwkpkldwykerlqgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddlgvqvvamsskfgheedfekviargkegtyyiddgneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyvnghgyhngpymgfegfvnlardmynavhnplrhlaavdirdksqttpvivrgaa
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=complement(3301202..3302515),organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mslcveqirhvctlgafesvlaikravpivhagpgcvaklwttlgsqnghqgsgyvgghaipctnasekevvfggtdklrkvitntfdvidgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgeitrkfqaqgkpivyvetggfkgsnlighelvlgaiidqhlqpqevepglvniwssvpyqntfwsgdieqlnilisslglkpnvvfgpdssvdaindipkaqynlvispwvglrtaeqlknkfgtpflhypalpigptetskflrtvgefagidpavvenvirkhedryfyyleraadtlletrllprrfitvadslyalgiarfltndmglipekqfitddtpndyqsgvaaefeqftsgivaetvfsndggyveeeirklkirsrplilgsswervvardlnayqlsvsapignelvlsksyvgyngalqlvediysvvlndfm
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2705873..2707387,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein VnfE-related oxidoreductase subunit
msekidlstnscpnreqrangvnifygkatelvadaragklkhqerafqqtsgcilnfyltvrvmtirdavmivhapvgcsssalgyrelfkgirkglggmpedfefhwlttnlnerdvvygaadklkaaiheaqnrynpkaifimssctsgiigedidgvvadiqpeisativpvhcegtksrlvqtgydvfwhavlkylvkppkkkqpdlvniasmlsytwqdrmeitrllgkvglrvnfipefatveqfeqlseaavtapmcpsytdylsrgleqeygvpfflypspigiahtdewlrtiakytgkekevealiaeehatwvpqleniqgefkslapegdkldvlgslgqgrlltqtpffnelgvkataaivqdfdnlvldemdkmieetgdfdvlintfqaaevahiaknrapdivlscpfqgsaykrdkgmtrihalrgdarewstqagykgavaagnfllqstknksfqqtmkanteetytdwwfkrpnpvylkeega
>Dialister_invisus_DSM_15470  coded_by=complement(271100..272278),organism=Dialister invisus DSM 15470,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgcvhvaetmdlgshyriladgrqenmecvplvssnirekdsifggtgrlrqsisyvmetyhpeclfiatscvagvigddaesesadaemrygipvicipyagflggeysagyyktaetiierffrpcehvpnrilllgdqmgpegqyvtevkrllsllglevqgqfpgylpfpewanapaaelaivlgttgqsdrmngmadllekkfgihavkdiypigwentckwileigrlhknvekakviieeekkridsyvksilhitkgkkavigigrgthwynpsdtisalrqlemrieavilydnltdkekaeyrhrigkeesipvydgrdgqelidaadillttneivstktkqffipmvpmvgtngeimifralyrllcrygnkggiayati
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_M5al  coded_by=complement(187963..189411),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca M5al,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=3874787..3876235,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(2495019..2496467),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavanasskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(1790382..1791959),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=putative nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
mtsvenreyrlgtiigwdgkasdlikesaydersakkhggcagkgagcklcelqsplnqetmcsnaivqcqvgnltdcalidhspigcsgenskfnlsmhvglkrrgkplqntlnistnlkeqdmvfgaseklrqtirdakerfnpkaifigmacataiigedidsiaeemepevgvpiiplhcegfrskhwstgfdiafhgvlrqivnrhptkkqndllnivalwgtdyfsemlaplglrvnylldtasfdeirqaseavatatfcdtlggymataleesfgvpqidapqpygikgtdewlraiakvvgkekeaeeyiesehkriapklaelreffkgkngivmtgsayahglisvlselgighdaalvfhhdpiydgagkhqdtlkelvetygdiphytvsktrafqlpqllkraktdfllirhpglasvaghlgfptltmgdehipvgydgilrigemlkgvlsrtkfnqvlkrnvklpysdwwlaqddpfylthhpealndlpeprnlkfskgkesnsena
>Raoultella_ornithinolytica  coded_by=complement(89416..90987),organism=Raoultella ornithinolytica,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein alpha chain
mpyhefecskciperkqhavvkgpdeditsalplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpvgctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkekhivfgaekvlknnineafdahptikrmtiyqtcasaligddiaaiaqevmderpevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawinqkvgtvepvitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmvdffkrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhkahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfgplsdslrkiglffgiedraqaiideevarwkpelewykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahviheemgvevvslytkfghqgdmekgiarceagalaiddpnelesleamynlkpdviftgkrpgevakkirvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyspihqlakldisqddiplnqgfatarmlsdaglsdtvlnnpdireytggydsvtklrqrvypdysadapnrqeav
>Beijerinckia_derxii_subsp._venezuelae  coded_by=<1..>1089,organism=Beijerinckia derxii subsp. venezuelae,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
gpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeimelfplnhgvtvqsecpigligddieavskqksreyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkmegkpcrleltpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiashfddkikenaekviakyralsdaviekyrprlhgrkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfq
>Geobacter_pickeringii  coded_by=265388..266854,organism=Geobacter pickeringii,definition=nitrogenase
mptinlntaevpiresrlgsvtgykgsagelcrrsrdgslkerersftqcatcasitaicqvamirdaavvnhaplgcagdfgnfnfinragqakrgwrlanakllnsnldeqdivfggggklkdavreaktrfapkvifvttscasgiigddvagiceemteelgipvvsiscegfrsqiwatgfdaayhailrrvmkpaatrrpdlinvinfwgediftdlfgrlgltpnyvvpfttigqlerlseaaatvqvcstlgtylaagleehfgvpevkapspygiagtdawfrelgrvtgkeaevevliaeekeriapelaelrerlagvrgfvsagavhghsliailrelgmevpgacvwhhdkrldhgdprgdslqhvvteygevpfsvcnkqsfelvnllnrlrpdifivrhngmavwgaklgiptflmgdehfglgyegllnygrkildtitnpafvrnlarhtrlpytewwlsqepfaflgega
>Methanosarcina_mazei  coded_by=complement(20153..21502),organism=Methanosarcina mazei,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mykrqlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkqlikrpeekkpeeipevnrpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialrktaeyfgseemkkiaeeilkvetnrimpeisrvresvkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrilkpgsmesekaivekqisekphveeckgialkreflhsesdatvesei
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Kus-4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Kus-4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnngitiksecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepegnskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=1147604..1148962,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnltkldlkdqgcpagagspqlcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlfrrglttdlmendvvyggerklkeaileiaahhrpqaifvyatcvsaligddvsaiceqaeqeltipviavncpgflgdknignriagevlfdrvigtgegpdekvplsvnligeyniagdlwgilpdfenlgitvqatitgdakfediasahraclnvlicsksltnlarkmeekydipfmegsfygihdtsetliniakalgdldllkrtktyvqkkeeetremiagykkclehkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpddfqrmkalmdptaqiiedtspagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyegmvtfagslartvnspvwellkqefppreeg
>Methanotorris_formicicus_Mc-S-70  coded_by=9237..10499,organism=Methanotorris formicicus Mc-S-70,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mlrnsnefhieynlngdsmepmqgcrmigavrafigiedgyivlhsppgchsgvmmlevlqdnsdwriavsgmhqrdliygaedkcllaikkvyenfkpsfivsmdccssgilgedlesvvenakkeinteviyfsgagyhslayygyeealeglikfmeqkeiiknsinligikiddfkvkedieeikricnnagiginailtydtfeniknapnaelnvvfgdgiklaeemkkkfgipyvivdypyglngtleflnamdeffdvnfdfvekekekinkivekvqfylkgfygmscavvgdykaigfakflsdeigfdidtlgiskfynmenklkeikdfvenvviddrkeledkimkndievlfgstyekkiaqekgiplirfsypvvdevslinsplagfngiptiiermineiika
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=35391..36764,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsvsagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlatllgdddlrrrtealiareeqaaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqthtrapwr
>Rhodospirillum_centenum_SW  coded_by=complement(3812899..3814407),organism=Rhodospirillum centenum SW,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mettlpsgredgqaeaefntrliedvlarypeksakrrrkhlavaapgeeaadtdqpvtecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgttgvdsfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleklideivdlfplangisiqsecpigligddieavakkknkehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldkkeiafeagpndvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvigawsgdatlaeierapkarlnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekhgipweeynffgptqieqslrtiarhfgpeiidrceaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahsddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglfkapwdvmpaaae
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=complement(5066163..5067626),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mssaiaattdeikarnqevigevlkaypdkfakrrakhlgtyegdkpdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyykgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklgklideievlfplskgisiqsecpigligddieavskakskdlggkpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfektgdklaqfqstpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyitrhmeekfgipwveynffgptkiesslreiashfddkikegaekviakykplmqavidkykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyikdstliyddvtgyefekfvekikpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdiainspiwkltkapws
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=complement(2071432..2072784),organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=Nitrogenase
mtkavqakvssavdlpasdaleaprfscalagaystavglygavpilhsgagcgigqlfgqfygggqnaggpvggtstpcsslieehvifggekklrnliessvelvngqfyavisgcipsligddtesvvkefrdkvpiisikaagfsgnsyqgyelffeslidqfltpqtkvkgqvnifgivpyqhlfwkgdldvirellesiglkpniiftrfdsvealksipaaeynivlspwvghetaeklkekfktpfiafpgvpigpkqsseflrvvgkklrvpaktvekvieerekrayrfteylgdiltlvrphayfsvvadsstaisitkflanelgylpeivqiaddphedkrdlirrelletletpvkpeivfevdsyrirqnlknrnslflfasslespislaefgaipltvafpsfdrlilehsyagykgglflaedfmskfagpl
>Phormidium_irriguum_f._minor_ETS-02  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=Phormidium irriguum f. minor ETS-02,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
sqgitiesecpigligddieavakkkakeiekpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvlpkadqyrktpegfvsspydvniigdyniggdiwpsrilleeiglrvicqfsgdgtfnevvmtplaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeetygipwieynffgptqiayslrkiaskfdetiqakaeeviaryqpqadaiiekyrsrlegktvmmmvgglrprhivpafedlgmtvigtgyefghnddykrtaeyvedgtlftmtflvmnlskslkkxnqixsllelkkn
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>811,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakhlnvhqsgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfpgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkldpdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._crg7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. crg7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspegkptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aic6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aic6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspegkptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._WSM2632  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. WSM2632,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvspegkptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanothermobacter_thermautotrophicus_str._Delta_H  coded_by=1431195..1432631,organism=Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus str. Delta H,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnhstgnssnnkefpgsnlefqvghvdrvidtipsrrghfkrsggggpccnkasvpgmvtqrscvyggarvvlmpitdaahivhgpvgcaactwdirgsrssksdlyktgfstnleekdvvfggedrllkcilevdeiyspsaifvystcvsgvigdditavcrnaeyktgkwvipvqsegfrsfnkslghqlacdvlldhvigrgdaevgersvnlvgefnvagdlweikrllekmgvkvvasitgdstvaeisaahkaqlnlvqcskssgyiaeemekrhgtphinvnffgmretmdslisiseffglelaekwvlgmveetkrkvaryrntlegkkvaiyvggnkawslirafedlgmevimsgtqnglpndylrimeksgrelilfddanpvelsrllnkyrpdlfvsgakekylsyklgipfcefnhdrikpfscfrgflnfaeevdkavnsrvwklaaprtflncgveygye
>Pantoea_sp._At-9b  coded_by=complement(12798..14171),organism=Pantoea sp. At-9b,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkgneilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsfssgavinrlgfttdlneqdvimghgerrlfhavrhivnryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraaatatgvpviaidvagfygsknlgnrlagemmvkqviggrepapwpdnspflpehrhdigligeyniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgtlsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqvnmlvcsralinvaraleqrygipwfegsfygvratseslrqlaaltgdndlmqrtevlitreeqaaelalapyrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddalmldegnartlldvvyryqadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlaeqlcqtlespiwsqtharapwh
>Pantoea_sp._At-9b  coded_by=complement(314354..315727),organism=Pantoea sp. At-9b,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsfssgavinrlgfttdlneqdvimghgerrlfhavrhivnryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcraaatatgvpviaidvagfygsknlgnrlagemmvkqviggrepapwpdnspflpehrhdigligeyniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgtlsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqvnmlvcsralinvaraleqrygipwfegsfygvratseslrqlaaltgdndlmqrtevlitreeqaaelalapyrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddalmldegnartlldvvyryqadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlaeqlcqtlespiwsqtharapwh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C11  coded_by=<1..>795,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C11,definition=NifD
pdktakrrakhlnvhetgkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Thioploca_ingrica  coded_by=2170033..2171508,organism=Thioploca ingrica,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msaltreetqaliqevlevypekaqkdrakhlavnnhvvepskkcivsnrkslpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgttgvntfgtmnftsdfeerdivfggdkklakiideiemlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddveavvkrkatetgkaivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvlakrdgqafestpydvtiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaeientskaklnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeekygvpwleynffgptkiaeslrkiaacfdeqiqakaeqviakyqpmmaaiiakykprltgkkvmlyvgglrprhiigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtvkempdatllyddvtgfeleefvkrirpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtinnpcwnkltppwlakskddalnkaa
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=complement(3318584..3319897),organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=hydrogenase
mslcveqirhvctlgafesvlaikravpiihagpgcvaklwttlgsqnghqgsgyvgghaipctnasekevvfggtdrlrkvitntfdvidgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgeitrkfqaqgkpivyvetggfkgsnlighelvldaiidqylqpqqvepglvniwssvpyqntfwsgdieqlnllisslglkpnvifgpdssvdainnipkaqfnlvispwvglrtaehlkdkfgtpflhypalpigptetsnflrtvgefagidpsvvenvirkqeeryfyyleraadtlletrllprrfitvadslyalgiakfltndmglipekqfitddtptnyqsdvaaefakftndiaaetvfsndggyveeeirrlkirsrpiilgsswervvardlnayqlsvaapignelvlsksyvgyngalqlvediysvvlndfm
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=complement(115896..117170),organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
madyiefnrngcllqgavsvlkaiggvvpiihstagcavqekyisnaangyaadnytlactnviekqiifggsarlreqikntvkvlegelyvvvsgcaseivgddmgamtkeaaeqgypvinistpgfkghsfdayvkvtrgiieglsrsynqelavdrdlinifgiapnidpywegnlgelynlleeagfranplfgyrstvenwkqirnaglnvvftgwgleiaryleekfgtpyiymdevpfgiegieeilerladayqdkkelldrirwqardkylyflsklapcyyrhhiqkeavlvgpsyiaaplakflengfgqivrsviitnniprhekeqllkkfenseiifsedgrriedrirairpeiilgsqletsiakeldipvlyislptegriilnksllgvsgslalleaysnaftr
>Photobacterium_gaetbulicola_Gung47  coded_by=complement(2854523..2855881),organism=Photobacterium gaetbulicola Gung47,definition=putative oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
meidqrietasstigrlselvygiekdwininesldmhqfcafwgasdvfsyindcvvlthgtagcinnrrflipqgsqdrcdtaphlstdfkendvvfggeqkleqavsqvisdmqpkllavitnccadiigddvggivemasdgetkttwldtggftgksyrigteyafekivelmarqpsvpvkkksvnvflrrwlrgdtqvreieesvrlmelmgltvnsvfhkgktfdevmalreaevnvalcfyfgmslfqgmeehfgtkmvkattpvgldntlhwlgeiatvldtefspelhdeitqtkslrqkarevigkgrvaiiwtqtgerliamaklaqdlgltplivgidpaivrdklkifkkelngqfdpyitilsgidevralahqldnpvifcnddyfhefdvfryrfannqvyglkgaqliyqkicdelgrrrsryslisevtysg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._2MP1SAPT  coded_by=<1..>762,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 2MP1SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
nvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhm
>Beijerinckia_indica_subsp._indica_ATCC_9039  coded_by=538252..540141,organism=Beijerinckia indica subsp. indica ATCC 9039,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssvsatiqdvfnepgcaknagksekekkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgafssgstlyrtgfttdinetdvvfggekrlyksikeiiekynppsvfvyqtcvpamigddidavckaaskkfgkpivpvnspgfvgpknlgnklageallahvigtiepeyttpydvniigeynlagemwqvepllkeigfriiscisgdakynevaqahrakatmmvcskaminitrkledkygipyfegsfygigdmsdsirqlaqlvidqgappefmdraeaviareekkawermaaytprlkgkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqevgleivgtsvkkstkedkerikelmgedahafddmspremykmlkdakadimlsggrsqfialkasmpwldinqerhhayagyegmvdlvreidkalynpiweqvrkiapwenpaeswqakadaeaareaaelaanpakaeekrrskkickcksvdlgtiedaikannlttakqvteithagggctgcvgtiegiieellkpadavaldpaqaeekrrakkvcnckevtvgtiedairdkglstaaqvtaateagsgcgscgetieeilgevlasippiaae
>Geobacter_lovleyi_SZ  coded_by=complement(654730..656175),organism=Geobacter lovleyi SZ,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msdkirkiegitkestealiaetlsvypekarkkraphigandqgsgsacvksnkktvpgvmsargcayagakgvvwgpirdmvhvshgpvgcgwyswgtrrnmvsgivgvtsfpmqftsdfqekdivyggdkklktlleeahdlfplakgisvlsecpvgligddinsvaktsakeldlpiipcncegfrgvsqslghhisndtirdyiigtreyaepespydialigeyniggdawstkplleecgfnvkavwtgdgelekiaathtvklnvihcyrsmnymckvmeekfgipwielnffgptkikeslrklaalfddtikekveaviakydpimqgiieqykprldgkkvmllvgglrprhtigayedlgmdcigsgyefahtddydrtapempdatvvyddpseyefekfadalkpdligsgikekyvfqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgykgfevfardvdmainsptwklvqspf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DW12.5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DW12.5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcghyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqalfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrllleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=2678836..2680194,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=hypothetical protein
msfsqcagcaapaictvlamirdtaviihspagcaasfadfnrkykgmlrrkglpsrnaplistnltemdmvfgaepkleeaikeairrfapkavfiaascgsgisgldiqdvidrvqgnfgvpittvvcelyapkkwgsgfggkehglltkvikppeaglenpsfynvidfseddsikkllhetgirwnyvaygaeyetlermggalatfhlhadrfgsylagklqedyqvpnvslplpagfagteaclrkigeavgrksefaalitrersryterlsklkerlkgirclpivegldyesgilsilrelnveiagesgekycaarpapvkgkqasrrpvhssdslygpeglrigfyqgyellplvrlvspdvlvvkhrslaawgvrlgipclwldedaafygyegllrfgerladlagnphharrmaahtqlpysewwmelklfwevgrhg
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=7887..9434,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=hypothetical protein
mkinldtpvvesreqrlgtiiawdgkaselsresayargescakqcagrdkartlcelqgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavlvqhspigcgagqviynsiyrnglalrnlpvenlrmictnleekdmvfggidklrqsirdawernhpkaifistscstgiigddvdsvasqmeeelaipviplhcegfkskhwstgfdatqhgivrqivrknprkqedlvnvinlwgsdvftpmlaelglrvnyvvdlatvgdleqlseaaatvgfcytlssymaaaleqqfgvpevkapqpygfagtdawlrelarvthreeqaeayiakehqriaprlaelrkelrglkgyvatgsayahgliavlrelgiavdgslvfhhdpvydsqdprqdslahlvdhygdvpvfsvcnrqqyqfygllqrvkpdfilirhnglaplasrlgipaaplgdehhalgyhgiinlgetileimahkkfhqdlaahtklpykqwwleqkdpfilakdatvlrkekvanv
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=complement(1442180..1443742),organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase, subunit D
mpyhtfecseciperamhavikgpgedltsclplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigapmkdvihvshgpvgctydtwhtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdmkekhvvfgaekmlkqniidcfkafphikrmtiyqtcasaligddiaavakkvmaempdvdifvcnapgfggpsqsgghhkiniawidqkvgtyepeikskyvinyvgdyniqgdaeimvdyfqrmgiqvlstftgngsyddlrgmhlahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrkrygtprldidgygfeplsaslmkvamffglekeaqaiideetarwrpelnwyakrlkgkkiclwpggsklwhwahvieeemgvkvvsvyskfghqgdfekgvarcsegalaiddpnelegleamemlqpdcvltgvrpgevskkmripylnihgyhngpykgyegwvrlardlynaiyspihqlsgmdiskdeiptdkgfltrqmisdvnivddrttpseerpytgdwdivtrlrgktypklesqqlgta
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=74010..75383,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsisagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalaqwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Caldicellulosiruptor_hydrothermalis_108  coded_by=complement(2207349..2208743),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor hydrothermalis 108,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvtldcdkcieergkhtyitdrnnpvvpvcnvrtipgdmtergcafagargvvggpvkdviqivhgpigcayytwssrrhlsdsefhrkycfstdmqekdivfggekklynaiieanqqfpeakavfiyatcptaligddleavakkaskaigkpviafnspgfcgvsqskghhianhtifekivgtkeledptpydvniigeynidgdywvleklftkiglriitaftgnasydnlckmhyaklnivhcqrsatyiarlmkekygtpfirvtlfgitetinslreigkffgiekkveevieeelesimprleffreklrgkramiyvgaprvwhwiplmrdlgievvacattfgheddyekinakaddgvlvidnpneleleeviekykpdifltglkekylahkigvpslnshsyengpyvafeglvnfardlykslyapvwkfvdrrwasqwqqnlavr
>Acidithiobacillus_sp._GGI-221  coded_by=18..>1069,organism=Acidithiobacillus sp. GGI-221,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msitaeetreqivaetktrnralidevlkvypektakrrakhlnvfedgksdcgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiedlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsvrdyvfekqgaepkafektpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelentpmaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrymeekhgvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiasyfddhikegaerviekynrltaevia
>Sinorhizobium_americanum_CCGM7  coded_by=complement(49730..51232),organism=Sinorhizobium americanum CCGM7,definition=nitrogenase, iron-molybdenum alpha chain NifD
msldhendgalheklieqvlsrypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeagkegeilsecdvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngisiqsecpigligddieavsrkkadehdktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkkevdfdagpfdvniigdyniggdawasrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgptiedkteaviakyrplvdavidkywprlkgktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelerfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainspvwdlydapwkrkagppmamaae
>Desulfotomaculum_reducens_MI-1  coded_by=complement(3059531..3061150),organism=Desulfotomaculum reducens MI-1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
maidekkleeifsqypakvkrnrkkhivirdpeqarqeieantrtvpgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgplkdivhithgpigcgyyswltrrnkavsedpkknfltycvstdmqesdivfggekklarmiddvveifkpnaitvsatcpvgligddlnavakaaeekhgvpvmafncegykgvsqsaghhiannilmdrvigqgdweespgkypinmlgeyniggdswevervlkeigytvisvmtgdgsykdlknahvaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqstidtlrnmalyfgdpelirkteeviarelaeiepvidqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhyqglfaelgietvlagyefahrddyegreiipeikldadtknipnlqvepdqrrfklkispermeelkkqiplsyykgmnvemkeghvivddlnhyeteefikllkpdifasgikdkyivqkmgipakqlhsydysgpyagfkgavkfaedvamgfvsptwnfttppwknkpiiegtieeggcskc
>Desulfosporosinus_orientis_DSM_765  coded_by=complement(5209895..5211262),organism=Desulfosporosinus orientis DSM 765,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mftnltkldlkdkhsmaeagspklcmkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlyrrglttdimendvvyggeaklkaaileiaarhnpkaifvystcvssligddvdkicreaeaeltvpviavncpgflgdknignriagevlfdrvigtgggsdekiplsinligeyniagdlwgvlpdlknlgitvqtaitgdakfddlrsahraclnvlicsksltnlvrkmeirygipfmegsfygihdtsetliniakalgdpdllertlvyvkqkeeetrktiaeyrkllenkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpedfqrmkelmdpsaqiiedtssagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyqgmvtfaksltrtvlspvwgllrqefppkegvind
>Peptoniphilus_sp._oral_taxon_375_str._F0436  coded_by=complement(114296..116467),organism=Peptoniphilus sp. oral taxon 375 str. F0436,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
meiaiygkggigkstvsanisaslakrgkrvlqlgcdpkhdstrlllhgrdcktvldymrevgpldyqladvvhqgiysidcveaggpepgvgcagrgilstfellenlgldrkdydfvlydvlgdvvcggfavplrdqyaekvyivtsgefmsvyaannilrglanysqkgpragglifnergfegelqrverfaqavglpilgeiprdpifaacerhgqcvvegaedspvalemdriagkiwdqsrlypakplgdheleevvlghkirkevpeeaggpkeknpsqgrgtyskalvkqeplhgcayngamniavqvkdaiiishgprscanlsyqaisslgrrslfekkkilpvqvhpkilsselgedamvfggirdlrrvlqealekkpalvvlvttcpsgiigddvdgvkdlagpetsilalktdgnlsgdymqgmilayqeiakflvdpqekpdpylvnlygekpianatsgnfkiledwlgafgakvhcrylnetstgsvrtllraglhlpayhdymntilenffkktydldffphalpigyeesmdfikalgrfygkeevsekiiarerenyqrqmdkyrpylqgkklmvvaynnkltwilktaldlgmdivkvgminfsqdvypenpfkdkildwevdytaekrrqdvsrlkpdlilanyngpnmddapyhdtiqltpeggfqsgialakrwvtifqqnvqegwrkdekyfkkyqg
>Methanocaldococcus_vulcanius_M7  coded_by=844962..846269,organism=Methanocaldococcus vulcanius M7,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mnenavkvlpykitlkrdglplsdkksspgvvnqrscpyygarwilapikntlhiihspigcafygqnvrkkrytiistdiqeadvvyggekklyntiieshkelggeaifvyitcvpaligdnierisrdaedilripvipvfcpgfcgyhqskgheiamkalfrlikegefkkefkdklvvniigeynvcnetkvikdllnklgieviatftgdcsvedvknsknaklnlvhcrrtgkyianymedrydipqlkvsfiglrntkkslmdiakffgiedrardvikeefekikdelefyikklkgkkvgmfmgaskigiltsafkdlgmevvsvgsqfgsfedyldayinvddntilvddaskidlelifkhkkpdifvggtkekymalkfgipflsfpqdfypftgfigflnfarevykaiyhpiwrmiefky
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17025  coded_by=1291327..1292949,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17025,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msgrgqavahdaafasvvlaaardfpsppapscrfrnlarcvlspsvtgqeprmsealkqkiqdafhepgcatnaakpeaerkkgcakqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpitdvahlvhaplacwgngwdnrgsassgselyrkgfttdlteldivmgngekklfraireviaqenpaavfvyatcvtaligddlgavckaaaerfgrpvipvnvpgyvgsknlgnklgvdalvehvvgtmepaepgltdiniigdfnlsgelwqvkplldrlgirilgsvsgdaryaqvammhrarvtmlvcshafmaiarkleerhgipwfegsfygisdtsaalrtlcrmlvergapadllprcealiaeeeartraelaplrprvegrrvllytgghktwsvvsalqelgievvgtsmrkatdgdrgrvteimgtdahmyenmapaemyrllrearadvlmsggrsqfvalkarvpwidvnqekhepyagymgmvelvraidravnnpmwadlrepapwempaceapdapfvlaavpgskadfedc
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gvr5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gvr5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagkpdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnrgitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkispetqrrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>uncultured_Desulfobacterium_sp.  coded_by=complement(132393..134069),organism=uncultured Desulfobacterium sp.,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mkkemlkmalpeennkfeldvynpeemkeemllqyppkvarkrakqiiinkfgsdgevgdispnvrtvpgligqrgccyagckgvvlgptrdiinithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdpsttpdnhnfmtycfstdmqdeqiifggekklrlaiqeaydnfhpkaiavfatcpvgligddihtvcrdmkeklginvfgfscegykgvsqsaghhianngifthvvgtddterdgkykinllgeyniggdafeierifdkcgitlistfsgnssidkfanahvadlnlimchrsinyvaemmetkyglpwikinfiganatakslrkiaqyfgdeeliakveeviaeempavkkaieeirprtegkramlfvggsrahhyqelfaelgmktlsagyefahrddyegrrvlpdikvdadsrnieeldvkpdpvkynprkseaeiaklaeaglkmseyegmmpdmdsgsmiiddisqresdlliesfkpdiycagikekytvqkngipmkqlhsydyggpyagfngavnfyreidrmvnskiwrylkapwqahpelaaayasd
>Desulfosporosinus_acididurans  coded_by=complement(164964..166400),organism=Desulfosporosinus acididurans,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msvlettdfrkqvveevlelypekakknrrkhitvkennecsscavksnaktvpglmtargcayagakgvvwgpvkdvthishgpvgcgfyswanrrnlaegeigvdnfvpflfttdfqesdiiyggdkklekvieevvelfpntkgvsvlsecpvgligddiesvarrmteklklpvipvrcegfrgisqslghhiandairdhligkgpkrdvgpydvgiigdyniggdawaskkileemglnvvniwtgdstvemlqnghlvklnlihcyrsmnymarhmeetygtpwlefnffgptkiresvlkiaamfddvimekahavlekyeaemqkvieiyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvgayedlgmevigtgyefahgedydktmanikdgtliyddvtayeleefvnklkpdlvgsgikekyvfekmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgyqgfpifardmdmainsptwksikapwak
>Clostridium_papyrosolvens_C7  coded_by=452294..453649,organism=Clostridium papyrosolvens C7,definition=hydrogenase
msqiensyenqktnsisrprygcaigamytasaipgvvpithcgpgcadkqyvslafyngfqgggygggavppslnasenevvfggnerlkeliqasikvidadlfvvltgcipdlvgddvpsvvskfqekgvpivyaetggfkgnnytghelvtkaiidqyigdyegrkkknvvnvwteipyqnpfwrgdlseikrilegiglkvnilfghdskgveewkeipkaqfnlvistwlgldtakhlekkyeqpflhipvipigakatseflrkvsgfaglnlerteqfiqreeklyykyledfsdfyaeywwgipskfavvgessynlaitkflvnqlglipvkqiitenppevhkdsirkeflniaddvsitplfledgylveqalinseekpsiilgttwdrdaakqlggniveigfpasyevvlsranvgyrgalsliekiftiaisasa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._LcCT4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. LcCT4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lppb2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lppb2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._picf9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. picf9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._picf10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. picf10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._picf1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. picf1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfb38  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfb38,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mg1.24  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mg1.24,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfb11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfb11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdqlesdgkskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_aceticum  coded_by=179437..180801,organism=Clostridium aceticum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mgtkrclgaleersnsilekskndkqqkiscdqnsvagavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytfdirgslssgeevyrnsfstdlrerdiifggerkltaaideiveqndpklifiystcvvgvigddlegvaraaekkykipvipiqssgfagnknagykaachallnlmgeevqkkeeginflgdfnlagemwinqsyfermgisliskmtgdasykelkkapraklnivqcagsmtylakqmeerydipfinvsfygledtvtslrkiastlkdqqvllktealieselkkthealeyyrkklegkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfrdlgmetvmvgtqtgraeeyevirdlaqegtvilddsnptelekfmkekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplngfegainfaqeihasinspvwkiikreqggck
>Clostridium_aceticum  coded_by=1510278..1511642,organism=Clostridium aceticum,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mgtkrclgaleersnsilekskndkqqkiscdqnsvagavsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytfdirgslssgeevyrnsfstdlrerdiifggerkltaaideiveqndpklifiystcvvgvigddlegvaraaekkykipvipiqssgfagnknagykaachallnlmgeevqkkeeginflgdfnlagemwinqsyfermgisliskmtgdasykelkkapraklnivqcagsmtylakqmeerydipfinvsfygledtvtslrkiastlkdqqvllktealieselkkthealeyyrkklegkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfrdlgmetvmvgtqtgraeeyevirdlaqegtvilddsnptelekfmkekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhplngfegainfaqeihasinspvwkiikreqggck
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lus2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lus2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvmdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrtkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkggpeskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Nostoc_commune  coded_by=2637..3525,organism=Nostoc commune,definition=MoFe protein alpha subunit
mtppenqniieerkelikevlsaypekaakkrekhlsvyeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklvkliqeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarktskeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmvrdwvftrsdqakkdgtlkfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeialrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeea
>Chlorobium_ferrooxidans_DSM_13031  coded_by=58757..60118,organism=Chlorobium ferrooxidans DSM 13031,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mehigilegrekqvfekkigaelsdiacetsslsgsvsqracvfcgsrvvlypvadaihivhgpigcaaytwdirgavssgpelhrlsfstdlqemdviyggekklylslielieqykpkaafiystcivgligddidavckkvaaetgipvlpvhsegfkgtkkdgykaacfalmkligtgstegisklsinilgefnlageawiirkyyermgievvstltgdgridavkrahgaslnvvqcsgsmtslakdmeekygipyirvsyfgiedmskslydvalhfpdhpeimeaakqvvseevkklypelqkfkkaltgkkaaiyvggafktfslikalrsigmsvvlagsqtgnkddykrlkemcdegtvivddsnpvelskfilekeadlliggvkerpiafklgigfcdhnherkiplagfvgmynfalevyqsvmspvwqfaprkggnr
>Propionispora_sp._Iso2/2  coded_by=76568..77884,organism=Propionispora sp. Iso2/2,definition=hypothetical protein
msqfveqarhvcalgsyqsvlaiekaapilhagpgcgqklwrtlgaangcqgsgyvgghsvpctnigekevifggddrlrdivgnalkvidaelfviltgctsdivgddvsevarrfqeqgkpvvavetggfkgsnlfghelvldaiieqylqptaekeeglvniwsvvpyqdpfwvgnlkeignlisllgltpnsvfgpghgpealkrvpkaqfnllvspwvglknvkhleekfgtpylhypalpigptetanflrtvgnyagiedrrverligklekdyyyfidraadslletqlmprrfvtiadsfyalgvarflindfgllpetqyitdgvaeeyqeeitaefrkfedgieakvvfsndggeihedirkikfrsrplilgsawdrvlsreingyqlslatpvsnrlvlnrsyvgyegalrlvedvyslvledfq
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C054A000  coded_by=complement(7486..8976),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C054A000,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrvkiqdvfnepgceknrdkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgpalwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaileikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygisatsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtelliaeeeaiawkklaayrlrlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkndnhmfeqmaprqlyamlserkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhayagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwrqvrepapwdcqpavreerprtrietvtlhavqefsgttagdfgec
>Beijerinckia_indica_subsp._indica_ATCC_9039  coded_by=534854..536314,organism=Beijerinckia indica subsp. indica ATCC 9039,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslsapetieeikqrnkeliaevleaypekskknrakhlnqfqeggkdcsvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeimelfplnhgvtvqsecpigligddieavskqkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkmegkparieltdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiashfddkikenaekviakyralsdaviekyrprlhgrkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwgltkapf
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCGE-LA001  coded_by=complement(1166..>2834),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCGE-LA001,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
frlkerrmsslaatvrdvfnepgcakngskpenerrtgctkqllpgsaaggcafdgakialqpftdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgaassgsdlwragfttdmnetdvvfggekrlskaikeiilkydppalfvyqtcvpamigddinavckaatrkfgtpvvpvnspgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtqepdditpydinligeynlagelwqvkplfdelgirilccisgdgkyrevasshraraamvvcsksminiarkmkdrygipffegsfygiqdssislrdiarllvergapghlierteaviareearawaaiepykprfkgkkallitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstkedkerireltgqatqmiedmppramyqmlkdakadimlsggksqfvalkaatpwldinqerchaymgylgmvklveeidrslfnpmweqlrrpapwqalartlakvhspaaisisgseidetarrakkicvcntvdlgtiedavcshnltsveavrqhtnaiggcckrriedilqsspshalqaae
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R7-269  coded_by=34697..36061,organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-269,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdplrqdefdsqacgsiapkakpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgtlssgpslsqygfatdltdsdiifggekklkdsidyiagrfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavckeaadrlgipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepepetdlgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnsagiavtsritgdarykeitwahrarvnmvvcsrallglakemesrygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaylmndremerrvdrltereearlsqelrpyrkllrgkravlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaaspapwdkeappydr
>Methylobacterium_nodulans_ORS_2060  coded_by=complement(4070494..4072011),organism=Methylobacterium nodulans ORS 2060,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendgafhekiikevlaaypdkfakrrrkhlsvatpaaadesapeeekaltecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmihishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfrekdivfggdkkldkvideietlfplnhgvtiqsecpigligddteavakkkmtdigktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekqerefafagtpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrivgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrymeekyaipwmeynyfgpsqiaaslrniakhfgpeiekkaeaviakyqplvdavvakygprlkgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeiagtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfietirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglfdapwkktpapllqeaaa
>Cylindrospermum_majus_PCC_7604  coded_by=1..1494,organism=Cylindrospermum majus PCC 7604,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenqnlvdenkelikevlqaypekarkkrekhlncheesksdcgvksniksipgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgitginsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkiideleilfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakkaskqygkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpefdkakknntidfepspydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeqygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytpvmnavlekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvstgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyafqkmvlpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwkkaatkakaaa
>Symploca_atlantica_PCC_8002  coded_by=1..1455,organism=Symploca atlantica PCC 8002,definition=NifD
mtsskveknkqiieevlkaypeksaknrakhlgvqeennadcgiksnskslpgvmtargcsfagakgvvwgpvkdmihishgpigcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqfasdfqekdivfggdkklakiineieelfplnagitiesecpvgligddieavsrkasketgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandtvrdwvfpmteekvksgelkfestpydvamigdyniggdawssrmlleemglrvvsqfsgdgtfnevlhtplvkmnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmefnffgptqiakslraiaakfdekiqegaekviakytaeaesvinkfrprlegkkvmmmvgglrprhvvpafeelgmevvgtgyefghnddykrtsnyinegtviyddvtgyefeefakklqpdlvaagikekyafqkmslpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainsptwslvrtpwkq
>Sporomusa_ovata_DSM_2662  coded_by=complement(38874..40226),organism=Sporomusa ovata DSM 2662,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mseataaisereqfiatkgrrkntikcdadsiagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpvgcanytwdirgslssgselyrnsfttdlrekdiifggekklarmidelvakyqaklvfvystcivgvigddltavckaaasrhgievipvessgfignksagyraaceallklidpvdrreaasrtinylgefnlageawiikdylqqmgvkvntvftgdstsatikgaakaalnivqcagsmyylagklqelygipyqqvsflgledtaqslrniaeamgggelrakaevlirqetdrvapiikgyreklagkkaavyvgggfkaislikqfreigievvmvgtqtgrpeeydtinelvsdgtvilddanpaelerfmtgqgahllvggvkerplayklglafidhnhnrkhplsgfvgavnfaqevystvcspvwqytvrqggv
>Sporomusa_sp._An4  coded_by=complement(14523..15875),organism=Sporomusa sp. An4,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mseataaisereqfiatkgrrkntikcdadsiagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpvgcanytwdirgslssgselyrnsfttdlrekdiifggekklarmidelvakyqaklvfvystcivgvigddltavckaaasrhgievipvessgfignksagyraaceallklidpvdrreaasrtinylgefnlageawiikdylqqmgvkvntvftgdstsatikgaakaalnivqcagsmyylagklqelygipyqqvsflgledtaqslrniaeamgggelrakaevlirqetdrvapiikgyreklagkkaavyvgggfkaislikqfreigievvmvgtqtgrpeeydtinelvsdgtvilddanpaelerfmtgqgahllvggvkerplayklglafidhnhnrkhplsgfvgavnfaqevystvcspvwqytvrqggv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._vp10.16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. vp10.16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltkvideiqdlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkinpeterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Dr12.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Dr12.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkltkvideiqdlfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkinpeterrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=823292..824623,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mmdeiieqprhycalgaqqsvlaikgaipilhsgpgcgiklfdglsvdsgyqgvgysggssvpctntterevvfggeqrlkqvidgtlkvlkgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgqvvseykdkgipivyaetagfkgsnfkghelvieaiinqfvgekpvkkemglvnvwsvlpyqdtfwcgnlsevkkllegiglkvnilfgtesggvsewetipqaqfnlvlspwvglntakllekkygtpylhypilpigaketskflrtvgdfakldkekaeafineeeerfyyyidrsidffiefrysvadrfsnitdsfyalgiskfltnelgivpgeqyitddtpeqyrksiehefehlsnstsakvifevdggkihqrlrkyeygnhtplilgsswdrdivselngfginislpvkhrlvlnrtyvgynggltltediysniletyk
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=complement(2801976..2803511),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=Nitrogenase
mainlrspsaetreqrlgtitswdgpasrlanesafsrgdcgpgcggkgqricelespfsqgstcseqiaesqasnvrdavlvqhspigcaaghinsnaffrnglmrrglaprnvtglssnlierdmiyggaeklratikaaverhqpkavfvatscatgiigddvesvvrdcedelgvpvvamycegfkskhwssgfdaiqhgvlrhvvkpkpgprqdnlvniivlwgsdvftpmlaelgleanniltvasvdeiaraseaaasatfcysvggylgaaleeqygvqeikapqpygfdgtdawlralakatgreeraeayiareharvrpqierlrerlkgvrgyvamgaayahgvigvlrelgvevpgslvfhhdpvydshdvrqdtlghmidaygdvehfsisnrqpyqfynllkrsdpdfiiirhgglaglasrlgvpaialgdastaigyqgmidlgeeivdalaqrkfhqdlaghtslpykqwwldqadpyllarqnapqaagsrv
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(218985..220520),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=possible nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain (nitrogenase component I) (dinitrogenase)
mainlrspsaetreqrlgtitswdgpasrlanesafsrgdcgpgcggkgqricelespfsqgstcseqiaesqasnvrdavlvqhspigcaaghinsnaffrnglmrrglaprnvtglssnlierdmiyggaeklratikaaverhqpkavfvatscatgiigddvesvvrdcedelgvpvvamycegfkskhwssgfdaiqhgvlrhvvkpkpgprqdnlvniivlwgsdvftpmlaelgleanniltvasvdeiaraseaaasatfcysvggylgaaleeqygvqeikapqpygfdgtdawlralakatgreeraeayiareharvrpqierlrerlkgvrgyvamgaayahgvigvlrelgvevpgslvfhhdpvydshdvrqdtlghmidaygdvehfsisnrqpyqfynllkrsdpdfiiirhgglaglasrlgvpaialgdastaigyqgmidlgeeivdalaqrkfhqdlaghtslpykqwwldqadpyllarqnapqaagsrv
>Microvirga_vignae  coded_by=complement(7897..9399),organism=Microvirga vignae,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
msldhenngalheklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvathrdeigeagkvlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyytgmtgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideveelfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehdktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkevefepspydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeiedkteaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkkavplaamaae
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(4278691..4280154),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
mgvniekssveirekrlnsingyegtasdlcesydnktlcnrdrsftqcttcsadqvmnqlsciqdaaivehgpagcsgdiprrnlvnrsgrkarnipvcnvqyintnltekdtiygglnklenaireaknrfnpkaifvtttcvsaiigddiesvtdkiekeigipvvpiycegfrsriwatgfdasyhgilrkivkparekksdvvniinfhgtdvfspllgkiglkvnyivpfttieqlshiseaaatlqicstlgtylaaglekyfgvpevkapgpygaagfnawirelgkivhkedeveelieeeknrtafqiaelrkklsgkkvfigagsayahsivaivkelgmdlvgvstwhhdpifdnfdkksdtlrndvehygnfklsvcnkqsyelvsmlykykpdiyigrhtgtiwatklgipsflsldehygvgyqglinygelildtisntsfvkgiashnklpytdwwlqqetfkfmegrkk
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_3  coded_by=complement(3536875..3538488),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 3,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkemkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekeqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdaihlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeldvvfggekklssaidelvglyhppvvfvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkklikkppedptakkaprssetikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlikplfekmgievivsmtgdstaeaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqmeygipylnasffgiedislalrktadyfgsekmkqqaeqileteinrimpeisrvrervkgkraaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfvqevdasisspvwkavrqrtlipeavesenksgkiekaavaagsekksgrmekatvkemiseenhateckgillkpkflhqksetavesqv
>Thiorhodococcus_drewsii_AZ1  coded_by=complement(14125..15597),organism=Thiorhodococcus drewsii AZ1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkqkdisalldepacahnkkeksgcakpkpgataggctfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgsiacagnswdnrgtrstgptlfkigmttdlteqdiimgrgekrlfhsikqaidsyhpaavfvyntcvpaligddvdsvckeaekrwgtpvvpvdaagfygtknlgnriagesmvryvcggrepdpvpegieregfkvhdiglvgeyniagelwhvmplfdelglrvlctlsgdarfrevqtmhrseanmmvcskamvnvarklkdafgtpwfegsfygvqdvsqslrdfarliddpdltarteeliareearihealepwrarlkgrkvllytggvkswsvisalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkarirelmgedavmidegnprklidmvrdndvdiliaggrnlytalkaripfldinqerefgyagyvgmlelakqlcltvespiweavrrpapwtqaqpaippgaattssaddapevepiaveansha
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-94  coded_by=7035..8459,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-94,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mktaeiaellnepacahnrneksgcartkpgataggcsfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgpigcagaswdnrgartsgpalyrigmttdlteqdvimgrgekrlflaikqaiddyapkavflyatcvpaligddieavaraasarwgvpvlpvdcagfygtknlgnriageamfkyvigtrepapvaasahrhgirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvaplfdelglrilctlsgdarfhevqtmhraqvsmvvcakallnvarklesdfgvpffegsfygitdtsqafrdfarllgdddlaarteamiareersvraalepwrsrlagkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtkksteedkarireimgeatkmitdgspqallqayrdhqadiliaggrnlytalkaripfldinqerefgyagyggmlelvrqlaltlespvwqkvrapapwhatpaagdalavagapda
>cyanobacterium_endosymbiont_of_Epithemia_turgida_isolate_EtSB_Lake_Yunoko  coded_by=complement(2109422..2110834),organism=cyanobacterium endosymbiont of Epithemia turgida isolate EtSB Lake Yunoko,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkltkgkiselltqpgcehnhnkegpvknksckqqakpgaaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgsiacsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdisendvifggekklykaiarlvkrynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavckaatakyktpvipvhspgfvgsknlgnrlggdallqyvvgtrepeyttdydinligeynvagemwgvlplfekvgirvmakitgdaryeevcyshraklnvmicskalinmatameerynipyieesfygivdmnrclrniaaklgnlalqerveelikteteqldkalvpyrnrlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgievvatstkksteedkakirqllgkdgimlqdgnatellqvieqtnadllvaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmiemareldeavhspiwqqvrkpapweiwqqehegllnleae
>Oxobacter_pfennigii  coded_by=complement(121516..123042),organism=Oxobacter pfennigii,definition=nitrogenase vanadium-iron protein alpha chain
mnylnaksaparedrlkaniafggtvdemikcskggcfsetgclnlagrrfsqtqgcqftlslailntlrnaviimhspigcgacsisnvgvnksfkqlrdpkadgvvwlntnldeadvigggerklreavlyadkefrpdtiivangcvpaligddidsiladlqtqtasiivpihcegfktkvmataydavyhgilknyirkperreyiaepdfeklkeqyrisrnvnilnvssmsradelelqrllnaiglnvnfipcyakpedfeysletslnvsicgthddyfvehlkekydipflidtipigrkntdrwilkiaeyfglekeahllikdenelldkslepyrkilsrkkvflaggevrivataeiiqdlgmevvgfkahhfdkfiepifealedvedvvidvatnqpfeqsnlinllkpdvfithtggnnisakyglpilplfgpgynylgysgtfevarrlnrivrnsqfnkklaentllpykkewyekdpftyiksqdav
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=complement(<1..1241),organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mstqpllkertkqihrkgsapfeldcnkdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqeldvifggekklakaldelidlhqpkaafvystcivgligddleavckkvsaekgipvlpvqseglkgnkragyeaachamgrlvgtgdttgiskhsinilgdfnlageiwlireyfqrigievvanitgdgriadiqrshgaalnvvqcsgstmdlanmmkqqygipalrvsyfgvedmaealytvarhfgepemmekarrvvkeelaallpelakykkalsgkkaaiyvggafkafslvkafrligmdvvmvgsqtgtkedyaelaeitdqgtiivddanplelssflkekdvdlfvggvkerpiayklgvafcdhnher
>Clostridium_sp._DMHC_10  coded_by=1778681..1780282,organism=Clostridium sp. DMHC 10,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mkkkvvdialekypakayksrkthiviktkenpspqinanvrtvpgvitsrgccyagckgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcafytwggrrfkakaedggqnfveyvfstdmqesdivfggvtklrnaikeaveifhpkaigiyatcpvgligddinavaqeakklyginvlafscegyrgvtqsaghhianntvmkeiigtgnwkhkkysinilgeyniggdawemerflkkigytivttltgdagyeqiqnahmadvnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigvqgtidtlrdlakffddkeiydrteeviaeelseiegemeyykqklqgkvaclfvggsrahtyqvllndlgiktilagyefahrddyegreviptikvdadsknipeliihpdeekfrviipkekadelrskgvpieyyggmmkemdentivvddmnhhemdtfikklnpdmfltgvkekyviekmgvlsrqlhsydytgpyagfkgavifarelaagvytpawryvtppwkkealiegkvvggee
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._05LoS16_10  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 05LoS16_10,definition=NifD
agksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagsksvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwlfdksapeasskfqptaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._psr4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. psr4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavskvkskeydgksivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkvnpeakpafeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=969..2462,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgeeagevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglyqapwktspsrgraiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rm4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rm4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprveptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rm16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rm16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprveptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=7412..9025,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgmneaklqeildqypakvqknrkkhifikrsdvesqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyyawntrrnkaksddpkqnfinycistdmqesdivfggekklskvidevmeifhpkaitlsatcpvgligddmgavakaaeakhgvqvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmekvigtgdqeeapakfpinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigyhvvsvmtgdgsyeaiknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtieslrnmalyfddkeltlkteaviaselariepifdqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhfqnlfselgietllagyefahrddyegreviptiktdadskniphytaeadekrfrlkvspekleelkakiplgeykgmrfdmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikvlkpdiftsgikdkyviqkmginskqlhsydysgpyagfngavkfaedismgfasptwnfitppwknqpllegtvteegva
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=complement(50732..52345),organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgmneaklqeildqypakvqknrkkhifikrsdvesqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyyawntrrnkaksddpkqnfinycistdmqesdivfggekklskvidevmeifhpkaitlsatcpvgligddmgavakaaeakhgvqvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmekvigtgdqeeapakfpinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigyhvvsvmtgdgsyeaiknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtieslrnmalyfddkeltlkteaviaselariepifdqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhfqnlfselgietllagyefahrddyegreviptiktdadskniphytaeadekrfrlkvspekleelkakiplgeykgmrfdmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikvlkpdiftsgikdkyviqkmginskqlhsydysgpyagfngavkfaedismgfasptwnfitppwknqpllegtvteegva
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=40585..42198,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgmneaklqeildqypakvqknrkkhifikrsdvesqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyyawntrrnkaksddpkqnfinycistdmqesdivfggekklskvidevmeifhpkaitlsatcpvgligddmgavakaaeakhgvqvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmekvigtgdqeeapakfpinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigyhvvsvmtgdgsyeaiknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtieslrnmalyfddkeltlkteaviaselariepifdqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhfqnlfselgietllagyefahrddyegreviptiktdadskniphytaeadekrfrlkvspekleelkakiplgeykgmrfdmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikvlkpdiftsgikdkyviqkmginskqlhsydysgpyagfngavkfaedismgfasptwnfitppwknqpllegtvteegva
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(16121..17734),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgmneaklqeildqypakvqknrkkhifikrsdvesqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyyawntrrnkaksddpkqnfinycistdmqesdivfggekklskvidevmeifhpkaitlsatcpvgligddmgavakaaeakhgvqvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmekvigtgdqeeapakfpinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigyhvvsvmtgdgsyeaiknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtieslrnmalyfddkeltlkteaviaselariepifdqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhfqnlfselgietllagyefahrddyegreviptiktdadskniphytaeadekrfrlkvspekleelkakiplgeykgmrfdmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikvlkpdiftsgikdkyviqkmginskqlhsydysgpyagfngavkfaedismgfasptwnfitppwknqpllegtvteegva
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=complement(50817..52430),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgmneaklqeildqypakvqknrkkhifikrsdvesqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyyawntrrnkaksddpkqnfinycistdmqesdivfggekklskvidevmeifhpkaitlsatcpvgligddmgavakaaeakhgvqvlsfscegykgvsqsaghhiannilmekvigtgdqeeapakfpinllgeyniggdgweverilkeigyhvvsvmtgdgsyeaiknahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemletkygtpwlkvnfigiqgtieslrnmalyfddkeltlkteaviaselariepifdqykkicegktafcfvggsrghhfqnlfselgietllagyefahrddyegreviptiktdadskniphytaeadekrfrlkvspekleelkakiplgeykgmrfdmkdgsiivddlnhfeteefikvlkpdiftsgikdkyviqkmginskqlhsydysgpyagfngavkfaedismgfasptwnfitppwknqpllegtvteegva
>Ruminococcus_albus_SY3  coded_by=255086..256639,organism=Ruminococcus albus SY3,definition=oxalate:formate antiporter
mkfdvnfdvqvpnprerqratayafggctsdlrsgscagclgrcdrsftqamfcqmgvstlisfstkdsvvimhgpvgcgsqshgidfsikqygaargvkmegarwlstnltetdvisggneklydtiieadrrfrptaifvcntcapgvigddiesvvnhaqeqvtatvvplhcpgfgakvfssaydvvyhgimhrfgfepkkyidytpfdksdpdyeikkqryeykksrtvtlynawsigpgdekeikrllnalginvnifveykepddwrfitetalnvsfchvhdvyfleylkrefgipyilptipigteqtvkfitaiaeffglekeaeallkketeklkkalepirknvegksvlisggflrigatglladeiglkvvgfrnfnydefgdqlfsevqekigdvqnavstqanelvnmvyklkpdiaishpsvgvwlvkagvpsltlfaqrftyfgftgayslakriertlkntayarnisehtklpyqeqwygkspyhyitglpetdkpti
>Ruminococcus_albus_8  coded_by=4090..5643,organism=Ruminococcus albus 8,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mkfdvnfdvqvpnprerqratayafggctsdlrsgscagclgrcdrsftqamfcqmgvstlisfstkdsvvimhgpvgcgsqshgidfsikqygaargvkmegarwlstnltetdvisggneklydtiieadrrfrptaifvcntcapgvigddiesvvnhaqeqvtatvvplhcpgfgakvfssaydvvyhgimhrfgfepkkyidytpfdksdpdyeikkqryeykksrtvtlynawsigpgdekeikrllnalginvnifveykepddwrfitetalnvsfchvhdvyfleylkrefgipyilptipigteqtvkfitaiaeffglekeaeallkketeklkkalepirknvegksvlisggflrigatglladeiglkvvgfrnfnydefgdqlfsevqekigdvqnavstqanelvnmvyklkpdiaishpsvgvwlvkagvpsltlfaqrftyfgftgayslakriertlkntayarnisehtklpyqeqwygkspyhyitglpetdkpti
>Desulfomonile_tiedjei_DSM_6799  coded_by=6315338..6316966,organism=Desulfomonile tiedjei DSM 6799,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpgprmskapgvdpeefikevtdlyptkvakkrqkhfivrrpdeeqaieanvrtipgiitqrgccyagckgvvigpvgdmvhivhgpigcafyawntrrnlftpredgknylpycfstdmqdedvifggekklkqaikeaheifkpkaisvhatcpvgligddiqsvarqmkeelgveilafncegykgvsqsgghhiannklfdqvvgtddtepegkfninilgeyniggdaweiervlhrcginvistfsgdgsydemkrshmadlnlvmchrsinymaemmetgfgipwakvnfigihamakslrkiarffeneeltvametviaeevaeaeaaiapyrerlkgktvmlfvggsrahhyqevfkdlgmqtivsgyefahrddyegrqvipelkvdadsrnieelkvqadpdrfrarkstealeklkaekvidyyeglipdmgngtlviddlshvelekliekfkpdmicsgikdkyiiekfgvpskqlhnydysgpyagfrgavnfardvdmminnpawkllktpwetqpilkaklgse
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_CM1  coded_by=complement(1343851..1345248),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri CM1,definition=V-containing nitrogenase alpha subunit VnfD
mplklfccdeciperqnhvyikeegedttqylplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaikeaftefpkikrmfvyttcttaligddpkavcreveeelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeikseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqryfdkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfdyikvalrkigaffgledkaeeviadevakyegklnwykerlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevldnihadiiftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmyngiyspmwslagkdprvvqel
>Methylocella_palustris  coded_by=<1..>1096,organism=Methylocella palustris,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
gpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrxyyigttgidsfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklaaimdeiqvlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskakskqyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkqegkparieltdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygvpwveynffgptkieeslrkiashfddrikegaerviakyraltegviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmg
>Pleurocapsa_sp._PCC_7327  coded_by=3773228..3774634,organism=Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7327,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkltqgkinelltqsgcdhnhkkdgkgknksckqqaqpgtaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpttykmgfttdvsendvifggekrlykaikevcdryhppavfvystcvtaligddmdavcaaatkkfntpvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlggeslleyvvgskepeyttpydinligeyniagemwnvtpifeklgirvlakitgdaryeeichahrakvnvmicskalinmatkmkdkygvpyteesfygiddmnrclrnvakllgdvdlqervekliaeetakldvalapyrerlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstkksteedkakikellgkdgmtlekgspkellnviektradmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagydgmiemakeldealhspiwaqlrkaapwetvetvteklavny
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._172CAP8SAPT  coded_by=<1..>756,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 172CAP8SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
vhetgkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrooxidans_ATCC_53993  coded_by=complement(1205411..1206886),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans ATCC 53993,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msitaeetreqivaetktrnralidevlkvypektakrrakhlnvfedgksdcgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiedlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsvrdyvfekqgaepkafektpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelentpmaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrymeekhgvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiasyfddhikegaerviekynrltaeviakyrprlegrtvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthdvkdgtliyddvtgyefekmvetiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwsltktpwe
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrooxidans_ATCC_23270  coded_by=complement(1318381..1319856),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans ATCC 23270,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha subunit
msitaeetreqivaetktrnralidevlkvypektakrrakhlnvfedgksdcgvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekimdeiedlfplnhgitvqsecpigligddieavskkkskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsvrdyvfekqgaepkafektpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaelentpmaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrymeekhgvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiasyfddhikegaerviekynrltaeviakyrprlegrtvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmnvvgtgyefghnddyqrtthdvkdgtliyddvtgyefekmvetiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwsltktpwe
>Ectothiorhodospira_sp._PHS-1  coded_by=40540..41952,organism=Ectothiorhodospira sp. PHS-1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkaqdikalldepacahnthkpkggctrpkpgataggcafdgaqiallpvadvahivhgpiacagntwdnrgtrssggpdlfrlgmttdlteqdvimgrsekrlfhairqaveahrppavfvyntcvtaligddvdavckaaqerfgvpvvhvdaagfygsknlgnriagetmvkkvvgtrepdpipasatrpgirvhqvnliaeyniagefwhvlplfdelglrilctlsgdarfhqiqsmhrsqanmlvcskaminvarkleerygipwfegsfygvqdmsqalrdfacliddpdltrrtedliareesrihaalepwrdrlrgkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrkstdadkarirqlmgedavmiedgspanllriyeetradmliaggrnlytalkarmpfldinqerehayagyegmlelarqlaitlespiwprvrepapwdadgmpatsevr
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Wiesmoor  coded_by=1001148..1002713,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Wiesmoor,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkemkekigivdtleerkpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgietnrtsfstdmkeidvvfggekklssaidelvelyhppvifvystcivgiigddlesvcktasqkhnihvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacdalkrlikrpsedeikkkgprvpdnikpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfeqmgievivsmtgdstakaisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqteygipylnasffgiedislalrrtadyfgsekmreradrileaeinrimpeisrvrervkgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanplelaellirqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgiafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfarevdasisspvwkavkerilkpeaveseqklgkiekvavkdmtsgenyakeckgmllkpellhqkseaavesqv
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=926..2428,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageegevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieelfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfekkdvefeagpyevnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieekaekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglyqapwktspshgramaae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC399B00  coded_by=132618..134108,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC399B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msslrakiqdvfnepaceqnrdkvakarkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdltelnvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvystcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallqhvigtaepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryvdiagahraqaammvcsaalinlarkmekrwgipffegsfygisatsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkervkqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqvrepapwdcqpavreerprtrsdtvtlhavqefagttaddfgec
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_375  coded_by=complement(26632..28134),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 375,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msviekqsvaeikarnkeliaevlkvypektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavskskskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdklpadaaprfepsdydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasyfddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekvqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkmtkapwkqapkpllqaae
>Tolumonas_auensis_DSM_9187  coded_by=737288..738736,organism=Tolumonas auensis DSM 9187,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnrtreenlaliqevleaypekarkdrakhltvndptlekaskcitsnrkslpgvmtirgcayagskgvvfgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgltgvnsfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkltkiidememlfplskgitiqsecpvgligddieavakqakvstgktvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilgnrdevefagtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtlaementpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekydipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaqfdetiqkkaeeviakyeaqtaaviakykprlqgkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmeivgagyefahnddydrtlqelpeatllfddvtgyefeefvkavkpdligsgikekfifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwskqtapwkksa
>Richelia_intracellularis_HH01  coded_by=24475..25851,organism=Richelia intracellularis HH01,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
miatqgkinqlltesgcehnqhsqkknnkscrqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacsgnswgsrgslssgsslykmgfttdltendiifggekrlykaileiadkynpkavfvyatcvtaligddidaickiaakktglpvipvnsagfvgsknlgnriggealldhvvgtaepayttsydinligeyniageiwnilplfdklgirvlakitgdaryqevacahraklnimicskalinmgrkmeekynipyiegsfygvedvnqclrntaeklgninlqwrtekliaeetaaldvalapyrdrlkgkrvvvytggvkswsivsaakdlgmevtatstkksteedkariqqllggngitlekgnpeeilriiketnadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhryagyvgmiemareldealhspvweqirksapwkvkek
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17025  coded_by=1288119..1289600,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17025,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
makdiadsaeanmklieevlaaypdkakkkrakhlgvaetiadaepgiqskcdtvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmlhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgttgidsfvtmqvttdfqendivfggdkklektidelntlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkakdigkrvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvleagegaragfeagpydvniigdyniggdawssrilleeiglnviaqwsgdatiaemerapaaklnlihcyrsmsyicrhmeekhgvpwmeynffgpsqiaaslraiaakfdatiqanaeaviakyqplvdavnakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddykrtghyikegtliyddvsgyelekfveairpdlvgsgikekyntqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgyaifardmdlainnpvwgmfdapwkkta
>Clostridium_saccharoperbutylacetonicum_N1-4(HMT)  coded_by=3358280..3359866,organism=Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum N1-4(HMT),definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mskvdsvldkysakvyknrkkhmleleqetqeidanrrtipgvmthrgccyagckgvvlgplkdivvlthgpigcgyyswgtrrnkalpqkgdgsfiqycfttnlsdsdivfggekklkqaikeivdifnpkaificstcpvgligddlpavanetkelygiecisfpcegykgvsqsaghhiannkliksvigttaytpkthsvnilgeyniggdaweiervlkkigyevisimtgdcsiddlrkahtadlnlvqchrsinyiaemmkiqygtawikvdfigvdctvrtlrdiakffndpvfterteaviaeeledikadmeyyrgkltgkkaglyvggsrshhyqmllndlgvetlvagfefahrddyegreviptiiedadlknievlevekipekyktvktdeeleelkkeivnfeyypgmmrdmkkgtvvvddlnhfeteefikqlkldmffsgikdkygiqkggvlsrqlhsydysgpyagfngavnfgrdvtmslytpawgftvapwktesilegtfggev
>[Clostridium]_termitidis_CT1112  coded_by=complement(117170..118585),organism=[Clostridium] termitidis CT1112,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mavlkgkapvirekslsaigayygtveailrefydgnlkqrvrtfsqdtnsdilyalqvintienagiiihgprgcgiiqnhfnnrnslatmwavtnideedsilgsdiklrktvksiyeenhpgvifvlttsvvainnddvasvtqdlteelgipvvpvytdgfrskvgvtgcdvaihsivkylipnkaekenfinvisvnenresleeigrllealevetnvfpgfsklqdltragsalfnlvirkgegdyfakvlkdiydipeievnapigikatdkwlagigeqlgkerqareliekeslytadilekykldrtkvflscepeyansvislledlnaeitgikvpyldithlkhmeklyrknpelslligegqpyeqinilkktgteifvgndlaagsiavegipvlnieninilgyrgsmvfaeklyklvkyrgfaenfkyssnrpvyqagwlkknanwyikqevk
>Thiorhodococcus_sp._AK35  coded_by=complement(100638..102122),organism=Thiorhodococcus sp. AK35,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
masltreetqaliqevlevypdkakkdrakhlavndqsveqskkciisnrksqpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgaysragrrnyyvghtgvntfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkkldkliseinelfplvkgmsvqsecpigligddieavskkkgkelekpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvignrdgdnsfetgkydvavigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlsemeltpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrfmeekygipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaffdetiqanaekviekytaeyeaviakyrprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefahnddydrtikemgdatllyddvtgyefeefvkkvkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtvnnpcwkslqapwqkpaegeaeaiaasa
>Pseudomonas_sp._BAY1663  coded_by=complement(28783..30264),organism=Pseudomonas sp. BAY1663,definition=MoFe protein subunit alpha
mtgmsreevesliqevlevypekarkdrakhlspndptleqskkcitsnkksqpglmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqysragrrnyyigttgvnafvtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklaklideietlfplnkgisvqsecpigligddieavakkkaaehettvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvldkrdddtsfestpydvsiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtisemeltpkvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffgptktaeslraiaehfddsikakceqviakyqpeweaviakyrprlegkrvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtlkemgnatllyddvtgyefeefvkrikpdligsgikekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwkklqapwqkaeesaekvaasa
>Cylindrospermopsis_raciborskii_CS-505  coded_by=complement(171853..173358),organism=Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii CS-505,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtppdnkkiveerkelikevlqaypekaakkrekhlnvheegktdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyylgttgvdtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkllkliqeleelfplnrgvsvqsecpigligddieavsktaakelgkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandqirdwvfpradqakkdgslkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleelglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlltpnvkinlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwmeynffgptkiaeslraiaarfdskiqenaekviakyqpsmdaiiakygprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafndlgmklvgtgyefahsddykrtthyidngtivyddvtafefeefikalkpdliasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwnksakkalrkataav
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=45791..47176,organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mrctmaednagriaerdgfivtkgknkkqlqcdtdssagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgaelyrnsfstdlkeqdiifggakrlnaaidglvekyqaklvfvystcivgvigddleaictaasqkhnievipvessgfignksagyraagdallrlikpsepivksnsinylgdfnlageawiihnylrqigvelnvtftgdshytalksapkaklniiqcagsmlylagkmeelyqipyiqisflgiedtaaslrkiaatlgeksmiakaealiaketarveaiikgyreklqgkkaaiyvgggfkaislvkqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyetinnlvddgtvilddanpaelerfmmekgahllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfegavnfaeevystvcspvwkslsksgidrgvtnhg
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C084A000  coded_by=complement(13193..14695),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C084A000,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkevefeaspydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaevviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._68A4SAPT  coded_by=<1..>792,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 68A4SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dktakrrakhlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=85..1509,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=Azotobacter vinelandii nifE gene
mkakdiaelldepacshnkkeksgcakpkpgatdgrcsfdgaqiallpvadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpdlyrigmttdltendvimgraekrlfhairqavesylppavfvyntcvpaligddvdavckaaaerfgtpvipvdsagfygtknlgnriageamlkyvigtrepdplpvgserpgirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlagdaryrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqetygtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarllddpdltartealiareeakvraalepwrarlegkrvllytggvkswsvvsplqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnarvllktvdeyqadiliaggrnmytalkgrvpfldinqerefgyggydrmlelvrhvcitlecpvweavrrpapwdipasqdarpsggpfger
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cnc25  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cnc25,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkltpeterrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Dr4a.7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Dr4a.7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidafgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqglfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkltpeterrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Novosphingobium_sp._Rr_2-17  coded_by=complement(48642..50297),organism=Novosphingobium sp. Rr 2-17,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis
msslsqtiqdvfnepgcgknqgksekekkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgafssgpqlyrtgfttdinetdivfggekhlfkaireiitkydppavfvyqtcvpamigddidavckaaaekfgkpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklageallthvigtrepeyttaydiniigeynlagelwqvkplldelgirilscisgdaryeevawshrakaammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygigdmsdslreiarllieqgadpelmerterviareearaweriepykqqltgikvllvtggvkswsvvaalqeagmeiagtsvkkstredkekikelmgqdahmfddltpremykmlktaeadimlsggrsqfialkagmpwldinqerhyayagyhgmvelvreiartlfnpmwqqvrqpapwaeagddwqsralieepvdvapeltaeqveatrraravcmckgvstgviedavmagcttretigkatgaatgcggcgpfvsaiverhvrsaqaa
>Azospirillum_amazonense_Y2  coded_by=14097..15743,organism=Azospirillum amazonense Y2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis
msslsatiqdvfnepgcaknatksaadrkkgctkqlqpggaaggcafdgakialqpltdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgakssgptlwrtgfttdinetdivfggekrlfkaireiiekydppavfvyqtcipamtgddinavckaarekfgkpvipvnspgfvgpknlgnklagealldhvigteepdettpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldelgirilscisgdgryrevayshraraammvcskaminvarkmeerygipffegsfygigdtsdslrqiarllvdrgapsdlldrtealiareearawaaiaplkprfagkkvllitggvkswsvvaalqeaglelvgtsvkkstkedkerikellgqdahmiedmtpremyrllkdakadimlsggrsqfvalkaampwldinqerhhaymgyvgmvtlmeqiartlfnpvweqvrrpapwddpantwqaradaqlaaeaadpekveqarragavctckgvdlgtiedavrahgltslddvrrhtaagtgcgacasrvedvlaalpalaae
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=3870042..3871322,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mahpidcpgagcalhgaiyaasavrgmvpivhgpsgcgyqaalaaplsgwldaggiavpstnlsekqvvfggtarlreeiknavkvtdgalyvvlstcptemigddipamakearaqgfpvvdvpsagfrgavqagytaflkavigadlvidkgardptlvnvfglvpgadaawvgdieewsrllagiglranavlgpsggvedlrrvgnaaltlvlspagrgpaedlqarfgvpwleagalpvgasatadllrrvgdsagrprdgvetfvaseidrenwflerlshayhaldlqrsfalvatgsraaglsafltgtlgllprlvvvaeplapeekarllaeldtaapggkvifaesageitdaiaaakpeiilarsieadiaarlgvplvqistpvtdrivldtplsgsrgalalieaigtavlr
>Prosthecomicrobium_hirschii  coded_by=complement(1169807..1171294),organism=Prosthecomicrobium hirschii,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
mslqariqdvfnepacdknqakdakakkkgcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlihgplacegnswdnrgagssgsdlwrrsfttdlteldivmgqgekklfravreiverhappavfvystcvtaligddieavcrragerfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealidhvigtlepddvgptdvnilgefnlagefwmvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryrdvaaahtaratmmvcstalitlarkmqerwgipffegsfygvsdtsdalrslarllvmrgadpsliertealimqeeaivwqrlaafrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvvaalqevgleivgtstkkstpedkerikqllkddkhafdamaprdlyallaagkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvrqidialanpvwetvrapapwdagglpsglasapaeagaialtrrkfagttaddmgec
>Paenibacillus_sabinae  coded_by=3501..4958,organism=Paenibacillus sabinae,definition=NifD
mgldieankklveeileaypdktkkdrkkhfqinteetkescscslksnvksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavskkmakelempvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdyvmgkaelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlnelqvahkaklnlihchrsmnymvthmeqaygipyleynffgpsktyeslraiaakfdatiqencekviakykpqmdaiigkyrprlegkkvmlligglrsrhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyertfpdmqtgsiimddptayeleelaqklnidlmgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnnpvwnlfdkkekvqpegasv
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=complement(4081723..4083180),organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mgldieankklveeileaypdktkkdrkkhfqinteetkescscslksnvksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklevicreikemfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavskkmakelempvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdyvmgkaelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlnelqvahkaklnlihchrsmnymvthmeqaygipyleynffgpsktyeslraiaakfdatiqencekviakykpqmdaiigkyrprlegkkvmlligglrsrhtigayedlgmeivatgyefahkddyertfpdmqtgsiimddptayeleelaqklnidlmgsgvkekyvyhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnnpvwnlfdkkekvqpegasv
>Desulfosporosinus_sp._OT  coded_by=38179..39765,organism=Desulfosporosinus sp. OT,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein, alpha chain
mpyhkfkcseciperekhavikgpgedltsclplgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigapmkdvihmshgpigctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytyatdvkerhiifgaekmlkqnimeafeafpdikrmsiyqtcataligddigaiaqevmeekpevdifvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkinlawldqkvgtfepeitskyvinyvgdyniqgdtevmvdyfqrmgiqvlscftgngsydslrgmhrahlnvlecarsseyicnelrvrygiprldiegfgfkplgeslmkvamffglekeaqklideetarwrpefnwyakrlkgikvclwpggsklwhwanviheemgvevvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcqegalaiddpnelegieamkmlkpdviftgvrpgevakklrvqylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynavyspihqlsgldiskdeipteagfmtrqmisdvkinkdevtpseerpytgdydcvsklrgktypklsgplsgaesrpfsdav
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._R46277  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. R46277,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksgpeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_autoethanogenum_DSM_10061  coded_by=2766506..2767978,organism=Clostridium autoethanogenum DSM 10061,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mpgvitsrgccyagckgvvmgpikdmihithgpvgcsfyswggrrnkaksekgsqnfmeyvfgtdmeekdivfggvgklrqaikeaveifhpkaigiyatcpvgligddinavaqeakklyginvlafscegykgvtqsaghhianntvmseiigtgkgehkkysinilgeyniggdaweierilnkigynvvatltgdgsyeriqnahtadvnlvqchrsinyiaemmetkygipwikcnfigiqgtvdtlrdlakvfddpylykkteevieeeladiqvdmqyyreklegrlaclfvggsrshtyqvllkdfgvktilagyefahrddyegreviptikidadsknipqltvhpdkenyhvvlpkervealksegvplayyggmekemdentviiddmnahemekfikelhpdmfltgikekyaiekmgvlsrqlhsydytgpyagfkgaiifarelaggiytpawkyltppwkkesllegkvmggeq
>Selenomonas_sp._FOBRC9  coded_by=complement(112027..113325),organism=Selenomonas sp. FOBRC9,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mateakrlifrrtncscampgvwralayvrgaavvfhspracahiartletgahyrsmaraaaeergavplfvsgiaedeavfggeellrrcldhvvmnahpeaifivsscvagvigddaeriaeeaaeeygipvialkshgfldgeyfggyletmrllaenfmepsaekkqgravllgdcggasgeyvrevrrllaalgvrdvlqfpsylslaelkavpaaefsvllgregdaaherevrdfarllterfgivcagdiypvgmgetlrwiarigaltgreeaaeeliaqertafdavlaagrdalagkrvvlavgravryfkpeplcrlleelgvvltgvvildaylpddraemerrvreassapviaerdaepfyaaadfvltthelanprlrqiflpmlpvagrrgeellidcmrrcaarrreggvlya
>Frankia_sp._Allo2  coded_by=238793..240163,organism=Frankia sp. Allo2,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maatervalftepacnhnnakstkarkagcpkpkpggtsggcafdgamitlvpiadcahvvhgpigcagnswdgrgslssgpvlyrhgfttdmaendvvlggeqrlfdtilevverhsppavfvystcvtamigddldavcaaaaaesgvpvipihspgfvgsknlgnrlagqalldhvigtvepelttdrdvnligeyniagelwdvlpllsrlglrvqacisgdaryrdvaaahraratmvvcsrallglarglqerygipwfegsfygtramgdxlrgfarlleddelsrrteeliaveeaavavalepyrrrlagrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdvdkirellgdakmikegsprellrvaeqtgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvelarrldlaiaspvweqvsrpapwdlvgar
>Candidatus_Endomicrobium_sp._Rsa215  coded_by=842008..843489,organism=Candidatus Endomicrobium sp. Rsa215,definition=Nitrogenase alpha subunit
mskinlkasevqvrenrlgsvtgyegtakdlvekaragtlqdknrsfsqclgcstsnaactvvlvqdaavishgpvgcagclqeyaftyrvngkhrgvknptqrrifstnmeeadtvyggnqklsdairevhkrvnpnaifiittcasgiigddvggiadeaeaelgipvvaifcegfrskiwtsgfdagyhaiarklikktdkkqpdlinivnfwgtdifaewfkrlglranyltpyatvkqistsaeaaatiqicstlgsylaaaleqeynvpeirvsppygieqtdrwfrelgkmtgkekeaeqfikeekekwlpeiekirnklkgktayvtagashghsllallkelgmqpqgaaifhhdpiydngavsndtlqnvvndygdianynvcnkqefelvnilnkvrpdillarhggmtlwgakfgipslligdehygmgyegivkygnriletiendefvknlekhtikpyskwwleqnpylflggntdge
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=328..1965,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=hypothetical protein
makarklvqwephnikeqllekypakvarkragqiminealgnttpeivanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvimgpasdivnlvhgpvgcsfyawltrrnqtdavndsnsnyipyamttdmqdsdiifggekklaaaiqeaydlfhpkaiaifatcpvgligddihavakkmkeqfgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfthvvgksttektekykinllgeyniggdgfeidrilekcgiknistfsgnatydkfasanqadlscvmchrsinyvadmletkygipwikvnfigaeatakslrkiatyfgeqelidrveaviaeempdvlkaqqevyprtkgktamifvggsrahhyqelfnemgiktvsagyefghrddyegrhviptlkvdadsrnieeieveadpllyrprktveelakltgegltfkdyeglnpnmdkdtliiddlnqyeaeklvellkpdlfcagikekysiqklgvpmkqlhsydsggpyagfkgainfyreidrlvnskvwsymkapwqenpelsatyvwe
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(35800..37332),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
maitaeniefhgtlselyqlakegkiktslqgshtrackfwtatkilsgiknavilthgpsgcaygvkqaykltncrnsgaayepiistnigeknviyggekeligalkevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdnvdeimdnmepelnaklmsihcegfsgeyrsgfdlvfkqivklmdkpteeskaamldtvnivggkmgaertevdtdvkelvrlikgmgakinsviagnctleeikkapsvavncglcldigyaigksmeeeygtpinstilpygiaatekwimgaakylkmeesakalmereyeaikeefeeskkvlkdkiaiveghdavkslsiahmlksdfgmrpiifnfhpwstearqtsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedelldflggidpksvvyfgsslsfpniplvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcintalkysfrprssvfkemvfpkeeaglasgqaltpklsqdlpdctvyahkrrrgqcmmn
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(1904914..1906446),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maitaeniefhgtlselyqlakegkiktslqgshtrackfwtatkilsgiknavilthgpsgcaygvkqaykltncrnsgaayepiistnigeknviyggekeligalkevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdnvdeimdnmepelnaklmsihcegfsgeyrsgfdlvfkqivklmdkpteeskaamldtvnivggkmgaertevdtdvkelvrlikgmgakinsviagnctleeikkapsvavncglcldigyaigksmeeeygtpinstilpygiaatekwimgaakylkmeesakalmereyeaikeefeeskkvlkdkiaiveghdavkslsiahmlksdfgmrpiifnfhpwstearqtsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedelldflggidpksvvyfgsslsfpniplvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcintalkysfrprssvfkemvfpkeeaglasgqaltpklsqdlpdctvyahkrrrgqcmmn
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1518844..1520376,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maitaeniefhgtlselyqlakegkiktslqgshtrackfwtatkilsgiknavilthgpsgcaygvkqaykltncrnsgaayepiistnigeknviyggekeligalkevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdnvdeimdnmepelnaklmsihcegfsgeyrsgfdlvfkqivklmdkpteeskaamldtvnivggkmgaertevdtdvkelvrlikgmgakinsviagnctleeikkapsvavncglcldigyaigksmeeeygtpinstilpygiaatekwimgaakylkmeesakalmereyeaikeefeeskkvlkdkiaiveghdavkslsiahmlksdfgmrpiifnfhpwstearqtsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedelldflggidpksvvyfgsslsfpniplvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcintalkysfrprssvfkemvfpkeeaglasgqaltpklsqdlpdctvyahkrrrgqcmmn
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1518844..1520376,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maitaeniefhgtlselyqlakegkiktslqgshtrackfwtatkilsgiknavilthgpsgcaygvkqaykltncrnsgaayepiistnigeknviyggekeligalkevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdnvdeimdnmepelnaklmsihcegfsgeyrsgfdlvfkqivklmdkpteeskaamldtvnivggkmgaertevdtdvkelvrlikgmgakinsviagnctleeikkapsvavncglcldigyaigksmeeeygtpinstilpygiaatekwimgaakylkmeesakalmereyeaikeefeeskkvlkdkiaiveghdavkslsiahmlksdfgmrpiifnfhpwstearqtsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedelldflggidpksvvyfgsslsfpniplvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcintalkysfrprssvfkemvfpkeeaglasgqaltpklsqdlpdctvyahkrrrgqcmmn
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(39742..41274),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maitaeniefhgtlselyqlakegkiktslqgshtrackfwtatkilsgiknavilthgpsgcaygvkqaykltncrnsgaayepiistnigeknviyggekeligalkevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdnvdeimdnmepelnaklmsihcegfsgeyrsgfdlvfkqivklmdkpteeskaamldtvnivggkmgaertevdtdvkelvrlikgmgakinsviagnctleeikkapsvavncglcldigyaigksmeeeygtpinstilpygiaatekwimgaakylkmeesakalmereyeaikeefeeskkvlkdkiaiveghdavkslsiahmlksdfgmrpiifnfhpwstearqtsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedelldflggidpksvvyfgsslsfpniplvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcintalkysfrprssvfkemvfpkeeaglasgqaltpklsqdlpdctvyahkrrrgqcmmn
>Mesorhizobium_sp._L2C084A000  coded_by=complement(9979..11469),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. L2C084A000,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdafnepgceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamivcstalinlarkmeqrwgipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsikkstvedkerikqilkddnymfeqmaarelyamlsehkadillsggrtqfvalkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidlaihnpiwcqvrepapwdcqpavreelprvknetatlhvvqefagttagdfgec
>Mesorhizobium_sp._STM_4661  coded_by=complement(49487..50992),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. STM 4661,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain,nifD
mgldyendgalhakliedvlsqypdkaakrrrkhlsvatskdeaggedkglsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiidevedlfplsggisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkddvafesgpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqieaslrniakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyqprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlamvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtlvyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwglyrapwkkmkdapptavaae
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._phaseoli_str._IE4803  coded_by=complement(448583..450067),organism=Rhizobium etli bv. phaseoli str. IE4803,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum protein alpha chain NifD 2
mtvvlhekliaevlaqypdkaakrrkkhlsvatsrdepgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkkaapaeavaae
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=<1..>1041,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
dmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnfangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklavimreitemfplakgisvqsecpvgligddieavskkmskelgmpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvmgraelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslnelevahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaygipwleynffgptktyeslrkiaalfdetiqencekmiakykpvmdavirkyrprlenktvmlmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyekmlpmleegaivmddptayeleelremnidlvgsgceg
>Rhopalodia_gibba  coded_by=<1..>751,organism=Rhopalodia gibba,definition=nitrogenase
hhiandmirdwvfpaadkenaefestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtftemkvtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslrtiaerfdeniqakaeevikkyqkqcddvlakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahgddykrttkyvddatliyddatayefeefvkklkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmalpfrqmhs
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_HI350  coded_by=3677619..3678932,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae HI350,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
msergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyiwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaimeafqefpeikrmfvyttcttaligdnpkavcrevqeeledvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeitseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqkyldkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyvkvalrkigaffgledkaeeviaeevakyegkldwykerlkgkqiciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrigtiyiddgneleffevldnihadliftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiyspmwklagkdpretdspmwsltekdsgvvqes
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_T4/M  coded_by=3714683..3715996,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae T4/M,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
msergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyiwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaimeafqefpeikrmfvyttcttaligdnpkavcrevqeeledvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeitseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqkyldkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyvkvalrkigaffgledkaeeviaeevakyegkldwykerlkgkqiciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrigtiyiddgneleffevldnihadliftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiyspmwklagkdpretdspmwsltekdsgvvqes
>Azotobacter_salinestris  coded_by=<1..>838,organism=Azotobacter salinestris,definition=dinitrogenase 2 alpha subunit
sergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgplgcaydtwhtkryptdnghfnmkyvwstdmkeshvvfggekrleksmheafdempdikrmivyttcptaligddikavakkvmkdrpdvdvftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvetmekeitseytmnfigdfniqgdtqllqtywdrlgiqvvahftgngtyddlrcmhqaqlnvvncarssgyianelkkrygiprldidswgfnymaegirkicaffgieekgealiaeeyakwkpkldwyk
>Ruminococcus_albus_8  coded_by=9182..10651,organism=Ruminococcus albus 8,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mskvnlnipeveireirlnsitgfqgtakelvdacsacggkmkdknrsfsqclgcgtsnaactltliqdaaiishgpvgcstclhefaftyrvnaylrqlehptqrkifstnleekdtiyggakkleaairevhkrakpkaifvittcaagiigddvesvtnaaqkelgipvvavfcegfrskmwtsgfdagyhgiarkiikparqkrniinvinfwgsdifrewfaefgyepnyitpfatvdslsysseaaltiqacstlgsylgaaleqgfgvpeirnsppygiaqtdrwfrelgqilgkekeaeeflarkkaeympkiealreklkgktayvtagashghsllallkelgmetqgaaifhhdpkydnederadtlshtvadygdvpnynvcnkqefelvnvlnrirpdillarhggmtlwgaklgipsllvgdehfgmgyeglvaygeriletiendefvknlakhsvnpytkwwleqepytflgk
>Methylocystis_sp._ATCC_49242  coded_by=complement(45592..47058),organism=Methylocystis sp. ATCC 49242,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mslaqaetieeikarnkdlikevlevypektakrrakhlgtfedgkpdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswasrrnyyigttgvdtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiedlfplnkgitvqsecpigligddieavskakskefggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkqdgkparfeqtpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwveynffgpskieeslrkiashfddrikegaekviakyrplmdaviakyrprlegkkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspvwkfakapwaa
>[Clostridium]_stercorarium_subsp._stercorarium_DSM_8532  coded_by=2156543..2158087,organism=[Clostridium] stercorarium subsp. stercorarium DSM 8532,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mvpfaksgrhffnikkipmeewhmtginlsipevqireirinsitgyhgdaeelvragktglkdrdrsfsqcmgcatskaacmtiliqdaavishgplgcasclhefaftyrvnspirdlknptrryifstnlqerdtiyggsaklarairevysrtranaifvlttcalaiigddvesvcveaeeelgipviavfcegfrskvwttgfdaayhaiarklikkplrrrsdlinvinfwgsdvfaewfapfgakpnyitpystveslesageatatvqacstlgsylgavleqefgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkediaekviaekkkkylprieelrrelsgktayvtagaahghalldvlgelglnavgaaifhhdpvydskrpendqlaqrvsdygnvpnynvcnrqeselvnalnrirpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgiptllvgdehfsmgyeglvnygerlleaiendefvknlrkhavipytkwwleqptdyfleggpgl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cstc1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cstc1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapdasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cstc20  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cstc20,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapdasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cslt11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cslt11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagrsdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapdasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_WSM2304  coded_by=703181..704545,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii WSM2304,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mssieaqtgdtssqrtaaiyptkenkacqkatqgsaaggcafdgakvvlqpivdvahlihappacegnswdnrgaassgpvlwrtsfttditeidivtgdtdqklleaireikkgyapaaifvygtcvseliggnidavcrhaaqkfaipvvpvkspgfrgsksvgnriageallehvigtveadntspydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdarfaqvgsahrsraamvvcstaqinlarkmearwdipffegsfygisgtseslrriaqllvnkgaglaflhrteeliadeeervwknlevyrrrlvgkrvhlntggvkswsivhalieigmeiigtsvkkstvrdkekikqmlknesrlhhtmaasklyavlrgqkpdimlsggrtqfvaleakipwldvnqerqhpyagyegmvklaqeidlaihspiwaqlrepepw
>Cylindrospermopsis_raciborskii_CS-505  coded_by=complement(168239..169621),organism=Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii CS-505,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkmtqgkinellnesgcehnqkkqaqkknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpmlyktgfttdltendvifggekklyqaileihkryqpsavfvyatcvtaligddmeavckvaaekigipvipvispgfigsknlgnrfageslleyvvgtgepehttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplfeklgirvlakitgdaryqeityahraklnvmicsrallnmarkmeerygipyieesfygiddinrclinvaaklgdgelqartkkliaeetaaldialapyrerlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikkllgndgimlekgnaqellklvrdtkadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagymgmvemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwdngetf
>Desulfovibrio_fructosovorans_JJ  coded_by=4105..5727,organism=Desulfovibrio fructosovorans JJ,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msskpinveeikkeliakmptkvarkrakaivpgagggeeipeiqanvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgpsrdivnlthgpigcgfyswltrrnetdagpdgdnfipycfstdmtehdivfggmkklsaaiqeaydnfhpkaisvfstcpvgligddihavarqmqeklgitvfanscegyrgvsqsaghhiannqimkhiigtndtpvegkykinilgeyniggdafeierilekcgitlistfsgnstvesfrrahfadlntvmchrslnyvaemmetkfgipwikvnfigahatakslrriatyfedqdlidkveqviaeempaieatikdirprtegktammfvggsrahhyqelfgelgmkvlcagyefahrddyegrhvlpkikvdadsrnieelevekdatrynprktpeqlealkakgvevkdydgmigqmskdaliiddisqyetekiieimkpdifcagikekyiiqkmgmpmkqlhnydiggpyagfvgavnwyrdidrmvnskiwaltkapwqmegpeleasyvae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._C20-2420  coded_by=<1..>796,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. C20-2420,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
kvypektakrrakplivhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnisiatvhel
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_3  coded_by=1368458..1369987,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 3,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
mvgianesvvffghlselyqlakegkietklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgikntvviahgpsgcafgvkqaykltncrnsgspyesiittnidekaivyggekelqgaifevdnkykpdiifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnkvkpkinaeimaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdpesksklaksvnivggkmgperteietdvkelrrliesmgasinaviagscslekmkqapsvavnctlcldmgyaigremldrfgtplnstilpcgisatekwlrgaarhlhleteaeelikreyeaisvefeeakkclagklaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdfgmrvaiynfhpwstqaretsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamvqtenelmeylgdldpettvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnsilnrprfgyrgalkvakcvctaleysfrprswvmkkmvfsensglcsaqsltpklaqdlpdctfyagkergkcmts
>Desulfatibacillum_alkenivorans_AK-01  coded_by=complement(2005100..2006764),organism=Desulfatibacillum alkenivorans AK-01,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron protein) alpha chain
maeaakdlstekvtldnldpeevkarimakyppkvarkrskqfvinkvgedgktpvinanvrtvpglmgqrgccyagckgvvlgptrdiinithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdpestpdghnfmtycfstdmqdeeiifggekklkqaiqeaydnfkpkaiavfstcpvgligddvhsvcremkeklginifgfscegykgvsqsaghhianngifkhvvglddtikegkyrinllgeyniggdafeierifdkcgitqvaaysgnssidafanshtadlncimchrsinyvaemmetkfgvpwikvnfigaeatakslrkiaqyfgeqelidkveeviaeelpeveaacaevrprtegkramlfvggsrahhyqelfgelgmktlsagyefghrddyegrkvlpdikvdadsrnieeltiekdperfnpriseerkaelensgfefndydgmmpempdgamviddlsqwetdqlikifkpdlfcagikekytvqkhgiplkqlhsydyggpyagfkgainfyheidrmvnsrvweymkapwdknpelaatyacd
>Anabaena_sp._CA  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Anabaena sp. CA,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppddkkiveqrkelvkevlkaypekaakkrekhlnvfeegkadcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktsktigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradqgkkdgtlkfegtpydvavigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaaslreiaskfdakiqanaekviakyqptmdaivskyrprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrttnyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwnkkaqakakakasv
>Anabaena_cylindrica_PCC_7122  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Anabaena cylindrica PCC 7122,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppddkkiveqrkelvkevlkaypekaakkrekhlnvfeegkadcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktsktigkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpradqgkkdgtlkfegtpydvavigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaaslreiaskfdakiqanaekviakyqptmdaivskyrprlegktvammvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrttnyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwgligapwnkkaqakakakasv
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghleadekpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemgvrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Desulfomicrobium_baculatum_DSM_4028  coded_by=912951..914339,organism=Desulfomicrobium baculatum DSM 4028,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mnktileerksqmhrigeepfamacdrpslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcatytwdirgaissgpqlhrlsfstdlqemdvifggekkleaslrelislhspkaafvystcivgligddmeavcrrvsadtgipvlpvmsegfkgnkregyaaackamfrlvgtgdttgispmsvnilgdfnlagetwivreyfkrmgveavanitgdgrvddirrchgaalnlvqcsgatmelakmmeekygipyqrvsylgvedmadslykvadffadkdpdikaktvalvreelsvlmpklaelrrdlegkkvamyvggsfkafslikafrhlgmrvvvvgsqtgteedykelaaisdpgtiivddanplelaqfikekdvdvfvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkialegfigmynfakeihasvmspvwkfmprraagrvtcttkeavng
>Desulfurispirillum_indicum_S5  coded_by=299222..300586,organism=Desulfurispirillum indicum S5,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mhrttlpppdttcehhqggqhqqqkkpkcakptpggalggcafdgaqivllpiadaahlihspatcvgnswnnrgtrsshsamyrqgfttdltemdiimgaeqkllqaalelaqrfappaifiystcvsamtgedigavaaevgrqtgipvipvdspgfvgsknygnkiagqvllehvigtatpphttdtdvaiiadyniagelwrieplleragirllsritgdatyaevawahyaranmvvcsralvdmarqleakhgipyfegsfygmqatsdalrtmarmlkvpeiqqqveaviaseeartraalapylpflkdkkvfvysggvkswsmvfqleelgmevvgsgirksseedierlrihfegtqkimlekgdgammlelleregadvfiagsrnmftamkgrypyvdvnqerifsyagydglvelarqlyhtmtspvfdvarttapwesp
>Peptococcaceae_bacterium_CEB3  coded_by=168624..170099,organism=Peptococcaceae bacterium CEB3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mentgpaavaqielsqkaveevlnlypekarknrsqhltvkdgdcagcqlksnvksvpgvmtsrgcayagskgvvwgpvkdvihlshgpvgcgyyswatrrnlaegtigwdnfvpfqftsdfqendivyggdkklerilreiaqlfpraqgisiqsecpvgligddiesvarrlakelglpiipvrcegfrgisqslghhiandsirdhvlakkqgeppgpydvgligdyniggdawatkklleesglkvrhvwtgdsslemlqtghrvqlnlihcyrsmnyiarhmeetygipwlevnffgptkireslrqiaarfdrtiqeraeeviakhepemsriiaayrprlegkkvllyvgglrprhiigayedlgmqvigtgyefahgddyertvprvqdgtliyddlsafemenfvdglrpdlvgagikekyviekmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgyegfpifardmdmainspvwsllaspwgeklvdknrld
>Smithella_sp._SC_K08D17  coded_by=complement(12313..13965),organism=Smithella sp. SC_K08D17,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mptnnntavdeatlanevkelilrkypakvarkrakqimvnkvegdqvpeimantrtipgiltmrgcayagckgvvlgptrdilqithgpigcgfyswgtrrnqtmpktpesanfmtyamstdmqeeeiifggekklkkaieeaidlfhpkaigifstcpvgligddvhavaremeekypeinifgfscegykgvsqsaghhvannkvftdvvgqsemqkegkyrfnilgeyniggdafeieriidlcgmtlhstfsgnseydefasahtvdlnvvmchrsinylaemmekkygipwfkisfigaeatakslrkiaayfgapdlmervekviaeeiyhveavrqevrarcegktamlfvggsrahhyqelfteigmktlsagyefahrddyegrkvipnivvdadtrnieeltveadparyrprkteeelaqltkregigfneylgmmvemkagdliiddlnhheaevlmekykpdifcagvkekyviqkggiplkqlhsydysgpyagfhgavnfyreidrmvnsnvfrfikapwqknpeltgsyaynr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._PS3  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. PS3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._KS5  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. KS5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BgS4  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BgS4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._KS10  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. KS10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._KS11  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. KS11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS6  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS5  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS22  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS22,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS21  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS21,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS20  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS20,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS19  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS19,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS16C  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS16C,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS16  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GS14  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GS14,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE3  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE28b  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE28b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE28  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE28,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE26  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE26,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE25  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE25,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE23  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE23,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE22  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE22,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE18  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE18,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE17  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE17,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._KS12  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. KS12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE16  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE13  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE13,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE12  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GE10  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GE10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BgS3  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BgS3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BgS2  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BgS2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Sinorhizobium_sp._GS9W  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. GS9W,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._KS7  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. KS7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Sinorhizobium_sp._KS2  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. KS2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._KS6  coded_by=<1..>1150,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. KS6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
yagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghlegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgipwceynffgplkiaeslrkiagyfddkikegaerviekyqplvnaviakyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvigayedlgmevigtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdstliyddvngyeferfveklqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmh
>Calothrix_sp._PCC_6303  coded_by=complement(275123..276499),organism=Calothrix sp. PCC 6303,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtppenknlveehkelikevleaypeksrkkrekhlnvmeegksdcgvksnvksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgttgidsfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklvkivheieelfplhkgvsiqsecpigligddieavakktskeigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfplhdkakkegkisfepspydvaligdyniggdawssrllleemglrvvaqwsgdgtineliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrtleesynmpwmefnffgptriaeslreiaakfddkikanaekviakytptmdailkkfrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefghnddykrtteyvdnatiiyddvtayefeefvkhskpdlvasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysepgy
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=complement(1906397..1907860),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=NifE, nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein
msealkqkiqdafhepgcatntaksegerrkgcakqltpgaaaggcafdgamialqpitdvahlvhaplacwgngwdnrgsassgsdlyrrgfttdlseldivmgrgearlfraireviaqenpaavfvyatcvtaligddigavckvaaerfgrpvipinvpgyvgsknlgnklgvdalvehvvgtmepatitdcdinilgdfnlsgelwqvkplldrlgirilgsvsgdaryaqvammhrarvtmlvcshaflgiarkledrygipwfegsfygisdtsdalrtlcrmlvergapadlltrcealiaeeeartwaaleplrpavagrrvllytgghktwsvvsalqelgmevvgtsmrkatqgdrarvteimgteshmyenmapkemyrmlrdaradvlmsggrsqfvalkarvpwidvnqekhepyagymgmvdlvraidrsinnpmwaelrdpapwdvpaeeaavtpfslaavpgskadfedc
>Hapalosiphon_sp._MRB220  coded_by=complement(65751..67211),organism=Hapalosiphon sp. MRB220,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifE
miitqgkinellsepgcehnhqkngekknksctqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgsfssgpqlykfgfttdlsendvifggekklykaildihkrynpeavfvystcvtaligedmdavckaatnkigipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnriggealleyvvgteepeyttpydinligeyniagemwnvlplfkklgirvlakitgdarykevccahraklnvmicskalinmgrkmeerygipyieesfygvedinrclrniaaklgdpdlqartekliaeetaalnvklapyrdrlkgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgmevvatstkksteedkarikqllgkdgitlekgnpqeilrvinetnaemliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhayagysgmvemareldealyspvweqvrkpapweddagtrgqgdtgtfsasarlsfsvsfeeege
>[Clostridium]_purinilyticum  coded_by=114066..115601,organism=[Clostridium] purinilyticum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha subunit NifD
mdyikektppvredrlkacnsfggccsklldkskkgclnntkrtfyqtqgcqlnlslailstirdtviivhspigcgggnnsvagvttgfqklrdknakgliwintnldeadvitggekklkeavlyaekefrpetivvvnscvpaligddidgileevqkqvaakivpvhcegfktkimasaydsvyhgilrnlvykkekiekiveddleeikekykisrtvnllnvssmskidehelvrllenlglkvrilpcyahpedfqdmldaalnigicathddyfvehikakydipfilktipigirntnkwirdiaeffglekeaeslievenralkealepfkknlsgktalltggeirvlataelleylgvsvigmrgyhydhfadelieslpsdkdktifnaatgqpfeqsnlierlkpdvyightggnvwaakhgvpvlpifgpsynymgysgsfeiarrlnrllkntifnkniaknlklpyfeewykqdpflyidnsesealekelat
>Pectobacterium_carotovorum_subsp._carotovorum_UGC32  coded_by=111909..113357,organism=Pectobacterium carotovorum subsp. carotovorum UGC32,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
manatsernqaiiqevlevfpdktrkerkkhmmvadpaqegvgkclvsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahvshgpigcgqysragrrnyyngvsgvdsfgtlnfssdfqekdivfggdkkltklieelellfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanvsreaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnregkpfestaydvaiigdyniggdawasrilledmglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpyvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkialqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdlvgsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswqaltapwlksa
>Dickeya_dadantii_Ech703  coded_by=550226..551674,organism=Dickeya dadantii Ech703,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtnatrernqaliqevlevfpektrkerkkhvmvteesmesvgkcivsnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytglsginsfgtlnftsdfqekdivfggdkkltklieeleqlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanssrkaigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvldnrdgkpfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpnvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiaaqfdetiqknaeaviaryqaqtdaviakyrprlegrkvllylgglrprhiigayedlgmeiigtgyefghnddydrtlpelkdgtllfddvssyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpswseltapwlksa
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=3807826..3809352,organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=Nitrogenase
marntllpqqrirwrsgavkgtvgvpplppaepaialeldahsvtyrkdprgrkpkglahaaerrgansadlcqppvrrahsdagrlsfcagsflgesvsgwgaaidlaalshgpvgcglftgasrlslpgfvqgvesfaaihactdlnfgdlddggdmklaqaldelsilfplakgfailnedpialidanvkgvakekarslgrlilplscesirverrwvveaaatlkaaanrapprraqrydvalpfyreasglvwivskllreigltpvhevtgssvsdmgrisgcklvvgfaesldappdrffggfagllnqwfgtpiqpacfagpaatdaslraiaahfgprvrdqaerviaanrkkveaivaryrsrlegrlavhftpmsqeqlepyrllglrigdasgwtaktgarrtprlacdaenpsekavdsyiresrpdlvlhferdeyewrkrgqnalsltplfdrrgnaywaydgfelfaaaldhalntpwrkllkppwrrsd
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_227  coded_by=3576660..3578258,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 227,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mgaeidsriedeqklvddmlkvlpekaarnrrkhivvrncsteqhieaddkvipgiltnrgcafagtkgvvfgpikdmvhlvhgpigcafytwgtrrnfakaeeggdnfmnycvctdmketdivfggekklkkaidevvkifhpeaiticatcpvgligddiesvareaekehgikviparcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnalmehligteeiksptpfdinvfgeyniggdlwevkpifekigyrivssltgdgsfhrisqahqaklsillchrsinytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyigtkgtekslrkmaeffddpeltrkteeviaeekakyaediekyrkklkgktafiyaggsrshhyinlfeelgmkviaagyqfahrddyegrqiipqikekalgsiledvhyerdenvkptvsperieelktkiglmdykglfpdaedgtividdlnhhetevlvktlkpdifcsgikdkywaqklgvpsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardidmalhsptwkfirppwkaenve
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_RU11/001  coded_by=11240..12742,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti RU11/001,definition=NifD nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddasheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvarnkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraervigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_SM11  coded_by=complement(1024788..1026290),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti SM11,definition=NifD nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyenddasheklieevlshypdkaakrrkkhlsvarnkqetaeegqvvsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidafvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklekiideieelfplnngvtvqsecpigligddieavsrkkaeeykttivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdttevayeagrydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglhvvgnwsgdatlaeieraptaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrqiakhfgpeieeraervigkysgltdavidkywprlhgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfierirpdlvgsgikekysvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlavnnpvwdlydapwqkvtmpaasgaae
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=complement(47792..49171),organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maedltgsiterdefivtkgknkkqlkcdtdssagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcatytwdirgslssgaelyrnsfstdlkeqdiifggakklsaaidglvekyqaklvfvystcivgvigddleaicsaasrrhnievipvessgfignksagyraagdallrlikpsesavieknnsinylgdfnlageawiihnylrqmgvelnvtftgdshytalksapkaklniiqcagsmiylagkmeelyqipyiqisflgiedtaaslrniaaalgeesmivkaeeliaketarvdsiikgyraklegkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyeimnelvddgtvilddanpaelerfmmekganllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfegavnfaeevystvcspvwkslnalgmesgvanhg
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=43759..45138,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maedltgsiterdefivtkgknkkqlkcdtdssagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcatytwdirgslssgaelyrnsfstdlkeqdiifggakklsaaidglvekyqaklvfvystcivgvigddleaicsaasrrhnievipvessgfignksagyraagdallrlikpsesavieknnsinylgdfnlageawiihnylrqmgvelnvtftgdshytalksapkaklniiqcagsmiylagkmeelyqipyiqisflgiedtaaslrniaaalgeesmivkaeeliaketarvdsiikgyraklegkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyeimnelvddgtvilddanpaelerfmmekganllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfegavnfaeevystvcspvwkslnalgmesgvanhg
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(13181..14560),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maedltgsiterdefivtkgknkkqlkcdtdssagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcatytwdirgslssgaelyrnsfstdlkeqdiifggakklsaaidglvekyqaklvfvystcivgvigddleaicsaasrrhnievipvessgfignksagyraagdallrlikpsesavieknnsinylgdfnlageawiihnylrqmgvelnvtftgdshytalksapkaklniiqcagsmiylagkmeelyqipyiqisflgiedtaaslrniaaalgeesmivkaeeliaketarvdsiikgyraklegkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyeimnelvddgtvilddanpaelerfmmekganllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfegavnfaeevystvcspvwkslnalgmesgvanhg
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(13181..14560),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maedltgsiterdefivtkgknkkqlkcdtdssagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcatytwdirgslssgaelyrnsfstdlkeqdiifggakklsaaidglvekyqaklvfvystcivgvigddleaicsaasrrhnievipvessgfignksagyraagdallrlikpsesavieknnsinylgdfnlageawiihnylrqmgvelnvtftgdshytalksapkaklniiqcagsmiylagkmeelyqipyiqisflgiedtaaslrniaaalgeesmivkaeeliaketarvdsiikgyraklegkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyeimnelvddgtvilddanpaelerfmmekganllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfegavnfaeevystvcspvwkslnalgmesgvanhg
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=complement(47877..49256),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
maedltgsiterdefivtkgknkkqlkcdtdssagcvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdaihlvhgpigcatytwdirgslssgaelyrnsfstdlkeqdiifggakklsaaidglvekyqaklvfvystcivgvigddleaicsaasrrhnievipvessgfignksagyraagdallrlikpsesavieknnsinylgdfnlageawiihnylrqmgvelnvtftgdshytalksapkaklniiqcagsmiylagkmeelyqipyiqisflgiedtaaslrniaaalgeesmivkaeeliaketarvdsiikgyraklegkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfreigidvvmigtqtgrkeeyeimnelvddgtvilddanpaelerfmmekganllvggvkerplayklgiafidhnhdrkhplsgfegavnfaeevystvcspvwkslnalgmesgvanhg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._A218  coded_by=<1..>765,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. A218,definition=NifD
hlnvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkltpeksrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7524  coded_by=complement(1361307..1362746),organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7524,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mntqrkvnellnqpgcehnqekhgakknkscsqqaqpgaaqggcafdgamialvpivdaahlvhgpiacagnswgsrgslssgpqlykmgfttdmsendvifggekklykaileihkrykptavfvyatcvtaligddinavcktaaekigtpvipvfapgfigsknlgnrfggealldyvvgtaepefttpydinligeyniagemwgvlplleklgirvlskitgdarfeeiryahraklnvmicsrallnmakkmeeqygipyieesfygiddmnrclrniaaklgdpdlqerteqliasemaaldlalapyrdrlrgkrvvlytggvkswsiisaakdlgievvatstrksteedkakikkligtdgimlekgnakellqlvkdtqadmliaggrnqytalkaripfldinqerhhpyagyvgmlemarelyealyspiweqirkpapwdedmgtwaneytknqnrvfeglgigd
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=1071851..1073179,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mskileqprhyctlgaqqsvnaikgaipiihsgpgcgvklfrglstnsgyqgtgysgggtipctnsterevvfggetrlrevidgtlkvlkgeifvvltgctadivgddvsqvvkdykdqgvpivyaetggfkgtnfkgheivikaiidqfigerspqikkglvnvwssvpyqdsfwsgnlnqikylleniglkvnilfgpksrglqewnsipdaqfnivvspwvgietaeflkekygtpylhyalppigagetskflrtvgefanldfsrvedfikneednfyyyleraadfflefrysipdrffnitdsfyalgisqfllnelgilpgeqyitddtpkkyqndiinefskisstrkfevffeldggkiherlrkynlgmhiplilgsswdrditrelnafginitlpvmhrlilnggylgyngglrliediygniletyk
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=1071977..1073305,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifK4
mskileqprhyctlgaqqsvnaikgaipiihsgpgcgvklfrglstnsgyqgtgysgggtipctnsterevvfggetrlrevidgtlkvlkgeifvvltgctadivgddvsqvvkdykdqgvpivyaetggfkgtnfkgheivikaiidqfigerspqikkglvnvwssvpyqdsfwsgnlnqikylleniglkvnilfgpksrglqewnsipdaqfnivvspwvgietaeflkekygtpylhyalppigagetskflrtvgefanldfsrvedfikneednfyyyleraadfflefrysipdrffnitdsfyalgisqfllnelgilpgeqyitddtpkkyqndiinefskisstrkfevffeldggkiherlrkynlgmhiplilgsswdrditrelnafginitlpvmhrlilnggylgyngglrliediygniletyk
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_BS1  coded_by=1895417..1897039,organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides BS1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mesrkypepsvvreelikkyppkvakkrgkaivindpetippvqanirtipgiisqrgcsyagckgvvlgptrdivnlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtrpdgpddknymtycfstdmqeehvvfggekklkeaiqeaydifrpkaigifstcpvgligddvhavaremkeklgdcnifgfscegykgvsqsaghhiannqvfkhvvglddtdkggkfkinmlgeyniggdafeierllekcgitmvasfsgnstvnqfenshtadlnvimchrsinymaemmetkygipwmkvnfigaessakslrriaryfedeelmakveqviaeelpvvqsvineiyprtkgklamlfvggsrahhyqelfgelgmetisagyefghrddyegrkvipnikvdadsknieelkvtadpekfkprkteeeleklkaegldireyegmmpdmkkgsividdishyeseklielykpdifcagikekyvvqkmgvplkqlhsydyggpyagfkgainfyrdidrmvnsrvwkliqapweetteleanyvtq
>Tissierellia_bacterium_S5-A11  coded_by=119212..121383,organism=Tissierellia bacterium S5-A11,definition=nitrogen fixation protein NifEH
meiaiygkggigkstvsanisaslakrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstrlllhgrdcktvldymrevgpldyqladvvhqgiysidcveaggpepgvgcagrgilstfellenlgldrkdydfvlydvlgdvvcggfavplrdqyaekvyivtsgefmsvyaannilrglanysqkgpragglifnergfegelqrverfaqavglpilgeiprdpifaacerhgqcvvegaedspvalemdriagkiwdqsrlypakplgdheleevvlghkirkevpeeaggskgknpsqgrgtyskalvkqeplhgcayngamniavqvkdaiiishgprscanlsyqaisslgrrslfekkkilpvqvhpkilsselgedamvfggirdlrrvlqealekkpalvvlvttcpsgiigddvdgvrdlagperpilalktdgnlsgdymqgmilayqeiakflvdpqekpdpylvnlygekpianatsgnfkiledwlgafgakvhcrylnetstdsvrtllraglhlpayhdymntiledffkktydldffphalpigyeesmdfikalgrfygkeevsekimarerenyqrqmdkyrpylqgkklmvvaynnkltwilktaldlgmdivkvgminfsqdvypenpfkdkildwevdytaekrrqdvsrlkpdlvlanyngpnmddapyhdtiqltpeggfqsgialakrwvtifqqnvqegwrsdekyfkkyqg
>uncultured_Thiohalocapsa_sp._PB-PSB1  coded_by=259..1671,organism=uncultured Thiohalocapsa sp. PB-PSB1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkqkdiaalldepacshntdqksgcaklkpgataggcsfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgsiacagnswdnrgtrssgpklfklgmttdlteqdvimgrgekrlfhgikqaidsyqpaavfvyntcvpaligddvdavckaaakrwgtpvisvdaagfygtknlgnriagesmvkqvcggrepdpvpagiehdgfkvhditlvgeyniagelwrvlplldelglrvlctlsgdarfhevqtmhrsevnmmvcskaminvarkleeafgtpwfegsfygvadvsqalrdfariiddpdltartealiareearidqllapwrerlsgkrvllytggvkswsivaalqdlgmtvvasgtrkstqedkariralmgedavllddgnpralldkcreqqvdiliaggrnmytalkarmpfldinqerdfgyagydgmlelarqlcltiespiwqavrstppwthsadaatsevsha
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3843  coded_by=complement(12241..13743),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3843,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain, nifD
msvtekqsvaeikarnkeliaevlqvypektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeiqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsktkskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkinpdtparfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwceynffgpskiaeslrkiasyfddkikegaerviakyqplmdaviakyrprlegktvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtaqhyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainspiwkmakapwkqapkpflqaae
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._AAP120  coded_by=complement(108646..110214),organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. AAP120,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein subunit alpha
mpyhefdcskclperkkhavtkgtgdnlatalplgylntipgsisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihmshgpvgctydtwqtkryisdnnnfqlkytfatdvrekhivfgaegllkqniieafkacpdikrmtiyqtcataligddinavaaevmeempdvdiftcnspgfggpsqsgghhkiniawindkvgtvepkitsdyvinyvgeyniqgdqevmldyftrmgiqvlstftgngtydglramhrahlnvlecarsaeyicnelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplsqslrkigmffgiedraeaiiaeetarwkpeldwykerlkgkkvclwpggsklwhwahaieeemgvkvvsvytkfghqgdmekgiarcgedalaiddpneleglealeklqpdiiftgkrpgevakkvrvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiyngiyspmhqlsgldiskdeipadrgfvtqrmlsdaklpediaksellrrytgkddiisdlrkknapyftpivkaeaae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mlg18  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mlg18,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvheasksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnkiidevqelfplnngitvqsecpigligddieavsrakskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkngpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC426A00  coded_by=51409..52896,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC426A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerklfkaileikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracfpgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlserkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqvrepapwdcqpareerprtksetptlhvvqefagttagnfgdc
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC424B00  coded_by=91160..92647,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC424B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerklfkaileikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracfpgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlserkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqvrepapwdcqpareerprtksetptlhvvqefagttagnfgdc
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSHC422A00  coded_by=424504..425991,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC422A00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepaceqnrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlvhgplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgrgerklfkaileikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekyglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtlepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracfpgdaryvdiacahraraamvvcstalinlarkmderwdipffegsfygitdtsdalrniaellvkqgadpeilgrtevliaeeeaiawkklaayrprlagkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkerikqilkddnhifeqmaarelyamlserkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwaqvrepapwdcqpareerprtksetptlhvvqefagttagnfgdc
>Clostridium_tyrobutyricum_DIVETGP  coded_by=39995..41461,organism=Clostridium tyrobutyricum DIVETGP,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
msinikspevkirenrlgsitgfsgsaselcemskgkrlcdrkhsfsqclgcssgqalcqlvmiqdavvinhaplgcsadfsdfnftnrvgqrkrnfkpknarllstnldekdtiygggeklkatineaferfnpkaifitascasgiigddidtiaqeaekklkipivyipcegfkskiwttgfdaayhgiirkivkppvkkrkdlinvinfwgsdiftglfgkiglkpnyivpfstidqlqkiseaaatvqicptlgtylaaaleqeygvpevkappaygikgtdewfrelgritdketeveellksekeriypeleklrkklkgkrayvtagaahghslialledlglevvgasifhhdpcydnrsesgksldhavntygdiknfsvcdkqayelvnslnrlkpdifiarhggmsiwgaklgiptflmgdehfglgyqglinygnkvldvletpefvknisahakfpytdwwfkqrpdtflkegk
>Caenispirillum_salinarum_AK4  coded_by=complement(41200..42618),organism=Caenispirillum salinarum AK4,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mlkqkvqelfnepgcvtnqgksdaerkkgcsikgltpgaaaggcaydgalialqpitdvvhlvhgpiacagnawdnrhaassgselyrmgfttdmseldvihggekklwkaikdviadrnppavfvyqtcvpaligddvekvcevateklgvpvipvnapgfvgsknlgnklggealldhvigtmepddagptdvniigeynlsgelwqvkplfeklgirlracitgdaryrdvatahrarvnmmvcsqaminvgrkmqerwgipffegsfygiedtsdvlrtmsrllvdqgadpglidraealiaeeeenawaairaykprlegrkvllytgghkswsvvsalqevgmevvrtsvrkatdndkaraldlmegeesalvgaipapemyrmleegeadimlsggrtqfvalkarrpwldinqerhyayagyvgmvelvrqldkavnnpmwatiqkdapwdadgnllttaggeg
>Caenispirillum_salinarum_AK4  coded_by=complement(44438..45880),organism=Caenispirillum salinarum AK4,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
msldytndaelskklieevleaypekgakkrkkhlnvadgksdcgvksnvksvpgmmtvrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyigttgvnafgtmqfttdfqerdivfggdkklektideinalfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavarkkaketgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvlekadvqwegtdydvviigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvigswsgdatlaelerapkgklnlihcyrsmnyicrfmeekygvpwmeynffgpsqieaslrniakqfdetiqqnaekviakyrplvdavtekyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmeivgtgyefahnddyqrtgdyvkegtliyddasafelekfieglrpdlvgsgvkekyptqklgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmainnpvwglfqapwkaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._23SA1SAPT  coded_by=<1..>744,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 23SA1SAPT,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
nvheagkadcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvklidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavskakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdklspeksrfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2876145..2877545),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mqetvwldptieerkgsiqtkgkhktqlkcdtdsvagcvsqracvysgarvvlnpitdavhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeelyrhsfstdlqemdvifggekklsqaidelaekynpklffvystcvvgiigddieavckrasqkhgievipvqssgfignktagykaacnallklirpaegampvkdmtinylgdfnlagevwiiknylrqmgiepntaftgdsnyqtlknatkaylnivqcagsmiylakkmqdiygipymtvsflgiqdtsetlrriaqaynnpeiirkteelieqetaavaaeieyyrrklagkkaaifvgggfkaislikqfkeldidvvmigtqsgrqeeyetmnelvddgtvilddanpselekfmlekgahllvggvkeralaykmgvafidhnhdrkhplsgfagavnfarevystvcspvwqfvekegdsdekanrslpqcq
>Desulfomicrobium_baculatum_DSM_4028  coded_by=909014..910654,organism=Desulfomicrobium baculatum DSM 4028,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mssaakklvnwtptdikadmlakyppkvarkrasqilinealgnetpeisanvrtipgiitmrgctyagckgvilgptrdivnithgpigcgfyswltrrnqtdasaegaenfmpycfstdmqdqdiifggekklqaaiqeaydlfhpkaiaifatcpvgligddihavarkmkakfgdcnvfafscegykgvsqsaghhiannkifsevvgendaekpgqfkinllgeyniggdgfeidrilkkcgitnistfsgnstydqfasahkadlsavmchrsinyvadmletkfgipwikvnfigakstakslrkiaeyfgdpgltarveeviaeempaveavisdvlprttgktamlfvggsrahhyqdlfaemgmktlaagyefahrddyegrhvipnlkvdadsrnieeieveadekryaprktseemarleaaglkfkeyeglipdmdhqtlviddlnqyeaeklveivkpdifcagvkekfsiqklgipmkqlhsydsggpyagfqgavnfyheidrlvnskvwsymkapwqespelsatyvwe
>Frankia_sp._CpI1-P  coded_by=complement(15184..16644),organism=Frankia sp. CpI1-P,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
mtttpaperaeteamiaevlsqypkkaakfrakhlkandpegskecevksniksrpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvtishgpvgcgqyswatrrnyahghlgvdnftamqittdfqekdivfggdpkleqvcdeivelfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavakksskkldipvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdhvlgtggdsfeqtdydvaligdyniggdawasrrileemglrviaqwsgdgtinemasthlsklnlihcyrsmnyicttmeerfgtpwtefnffgptkiissmrkiaeffddeikakteaaiaryqvrfdeitkafrprlegkrvmlavgglrprhtigayedlgmevvgtgyefahkddytrtysmlkegtvlyddptafxleefakflkpdlmgagvkekyvfhkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgvdgfavfardmdiainspawdlleapwskageva
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB5  coded_by=1228173..1229639,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB5,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msrladkiqdvfnepgcadnqaksekqrkkgcskplqpggaaggcafdgakialqpivdvahlvhgpiacegsswdnrgtkssgsklyrtgfttdmgendvvfggekrlfrsireiiekyhppavfvyqtcvpammgddivavckvateklgtpcvpiiapgfvgpknlgnklageamldyvigtqepevttpydiniigeynvagelwqvkplldelgirilsclsgdaryhevaqshraraammvcstaminvarkmeerygipyfegsfygitdtsdslrqiarlliqrgadaelmdrvealiareeakawaaikaytprlegkkvllitggvkswsvvlalqeagltivgtsvkkstkedkerlkemspdvhliddlrpremykmlkeaqadimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwmdinqertyaycgyvgivemvrqidkalfnpiweqvrsappweeiswetradaanaaddaqraaeatpaakva
>Frankia_alni_ACN14a  coded_by=complement(7415792..7417162),organism=Frankia alni ACN14a,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
maateraalftetacdtnnaksakarkagcpkpqpggtsggctfdgamitlvpiadsahivhgpiacagnswdgrgslssgptlfrhgfttdmtesdvvlggeqrlfdticevveryappavfvystcvtamigddlgavcaaaaeqtgvpvipvdapgfvgnknlgnkiagqtlldhvigtvepgdvtdldvnligeyniagelwdvvplltrlgirvrscisgdaryrdiaaahrakatmvvcsrallglargleerygipwfegsfygvsamgdtlrgfarlldddelsrrteeliaveeaaveaaiapyrarltgrkavlytggvkswsivsalqdlgievvgsgitkssdgdidkirellgdakmisegsprellrvaeetgadilvaggrnqytalkgrlpfldinqerhipyagytgmvefarrldmaiaspvweqvrrpapwdlvgah
>Methanolobus_psychrophilus_R15  coded_by=1333636..1335213,organism=Methanolobus psychrophilus R15,definition=nitrogenase, subunit alpha
msseveatqdivdemmkrypekvardrrkhvvvrncstdqhieadskvvpgimtnrgcafaggkgvvmgpikdmvhivhgpigcgyytwgtrrnmgkaenggdnylqysfstdmietdivfggekklkaaiddvvrifkpgaisicatcpvgligddieavaleaqkehgikvmalrcegyrgvsqsaghhiasnvlmehvvgteelenptpfdinifgeyniggdlweikplfekigyrivssftgdgsfhslakahkaklsillchrsvnytnrmmeerygvpwlkvnyvgvegtkkslrkmaqffddpeltrkteevieeemakiqpelekyrrklagkkvfiysggsrshhyqnlfedlgmkvivagyqfahrddyegrkvlegmkekasssiledlhyemeegykpaiseermkelkeqlglmdyegmfpemkdgtvvvddlnhyeteflikelkpdlfcsgikdkymaqkmgipsrqihsydysgrytgfsgvlnfardvdmavnnptwslmktpwkae
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=209443..210759,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit beta NifK
mskiieqpryscalgvqqtviaikravpivhagpgcstkisrligqgegyaggstipctnsseseivfggekklrtvidgsfkvidadlyvvlsgctsdivgdniesvtgeyqkqdkpiafaetggfksnnyvshdivvnaiidqyvdkfaedktvekglvnvfvtipyqdpywngnleeikrilqgiglkvnilfgnesggveewktipkaefnivvsswvglnianhlkdkyntpyfhfpylpiggeettkflrqvadyakldktkvdafiakeeekfyshiertadfmlefrygiprrfytildasyavgfakfllnelgiipakqfviddtpqkyqqqiidqfktispyrsaevtfsidggeiqeeirkepqnnralilgsgwerdlakdigadllivsapvnyrlilncgyagyngglrviediydrvldtyr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=3625286..3626602,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskiieqpryscalgvqqtviaikravpivhagpgcstkisrligqgegyaggstipctnsseseivfggekklrtvidgsfkvidadlyvvlsgctsdivgdniesvtgeyqkqdkpiafaetggfksnnyvshdivvnaiidqyvdkfaedktvekglvnvfvtipyqdpywngnleeikrilqgiglkvnilfgnesggveewktipkaefnivvsswvglnianhlkdkyntpyfhfpylpiggeettkflrqvadyakldktkvdafiakeeekfyshiertadfmlefrygiprrfytildasyavgfakfllnelgiipakqfviddtpqkyqqqiidqfktispyrsaevtfsidggeiqeeirkepqnnralilgsgwerdlakdigadllivsapvnyrlilncgyagyngglrviediydrvldtyr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(4150779..4152095),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
mskiieqpryscalgvqqtviaikravpivhagpgcstkisrligqgegyaggstipctnsseseivfggekklrtvidgsfkvidadlyvvlsgctsdivgdniesvtgeyqkqdkpiafaetggfksnnyvshdivvnaiidqyvdkfaedktvekglvnvfvtipyqdpywngnleeikrilqgiglkvnilfgnesggveewktipkaefnivvsswvglnianhlkdkyntpyfhfpylpiggeettkflrqvadyakldktkvdafiakeeekfyshiertadfmlefrygiprrfytildasyavgfakfllnelgiipakqfviddtpqkyqqqiidqfktispyrsaevtfsidggeiqeeirkepqnnralilgsgwerdlakdigadllivsapvnyrlilncgyagyngglrviediydrvldtyr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(4150571..4151887),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein beta chain
mskiieqpryscalgvqqtviaikravpivhagpgcstkisrligqgegyaggstipctnsseseivfggekklrtvidgsfkvidadlyvvlsgctsdivgdniesvtgeyqkqdkpiafaetggfksnnyvshdivvnaiidqyvdkfaedktvekglvnvfvtipyqdpywngnleeikrilqgiglkvnilfgnesggveewktipkaefnivvsswvglnianhlkdkyntpyfhfpylpiggeettkflrqvadyakldktkvdafiakeeekfyshiertadfmlefrygiprrfytildasyavgfakfllnelgiipakqfviddtpqkyqqqiidqfktispyrsaevtfsidggeiqeeirkepqnnralilgsgwerdlakdigadllivsapvnyrlilncgyagyngglrviediydrvldtyr
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=260365..261681,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mskiieqpryscalgvqqtviaikravpivhagpgcstkisrligqgegyaggstipctnsseseivfggekklrtvidgsfkvidadlyvvlsgctsdivgdniesvtgeyqkqdkpiafaetggfksnnyvshdivvnaiidqyvdkfaedktvekglvnvfvtipyqdpywngnleeikrilqgiglkvnilfgnesggveewktipkaefnivvsswvglnianhlkdkyntpyfhfpylpiggeettkflrqvadyakldktkvdafiakeeekfyshiertadfmlefrygiprrfytildasyavgfakfllnelgiipakqfviddtpqkyqqqiidqfktispyrsaevtfsidggeiqeeirkepqnnralilgsgwerdlakdigadllivsapvnyrlilncgyagyngglrviediydrvldtyr
>Chlorogloeopsis_fritschii_PCC_6718  coded_by=1..1476,organism=Chlorogloeopsis fritschii PCC 6718,definition=nitrogenase component NifD
mtppenkniveehkelikevlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvheegkadcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgvtgvdsfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltklieeieelfplnrgisiqsecpigligddieavakksakqigkpvvplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwifpqfdkakkenkidfepgpydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlneliqgpaaklvlihcyrsmnyicrsleeaygmpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdskiqenaekviakytsamnaivekyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvigtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeefvkakkpdliasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwslvgcslekvrs
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC394B00  coded_by=44296..45798,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC394B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkevefesgpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaiiakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Treponema_saccharophilum_DSM_2985  coded_by=complement(5329..6801),organism=Treponema saccharophilum DSM 2985,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
maidiaksevetrdnrlgavlafhgkaselqkdsskravkederiysqcsdcsqgcaevlsymirdaaivvhsplgclspvsiyerveasskvrgieapkiqvistnigidstvyggvkilkaavreaydrfhpkailihsscaagiigddiesvvdeaeselgipivpiycegfksktwtsgfdavfhgilrkivkkptkkqedlvniinfagqdaytalfkrinlrpnlivpnssvdqlaimseaactisiceslgtygaaaleqnygvpqlkvsspygiewtdrwfrelakltnrtelaeklikeenerikpiiegyrkvlkgkrayvysgdsfahyltnmvreygmevvgvttlhhdqttdtkspsldtlgemikytgdverfsvcnkqpfimykifselkpdilitrhdsiatigtklgipsirandinvlscydgsvnlgariidalnsnkffktisehvkfpysswwinqkdpfyfdkkaetk
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_RCH1  coded_by=complement(10779..12407),organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris RCH1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mttlktdpgvdlesfvdevtslyppkvakkrrahmvvrkdgdpglaqqieantrtvpgiitqrgccyagckgvvigpygdmvhivhgpvgcsfyawltrrnqfrargeagknylsycfttdmqdediifggekklaqaireaaaifrpeaisvhatcpvgligddiqavarelsketgipvmafncegykgvsqsaghhiannkifdmalgtrereagrfsvnvlgeyniggdayeiervlekcgievvatfsgnsvyedmctahsanlnlvmchrsinylaemmetkfgipwmkvnfigmrsmsqslrkiaryfddaaltariesviaeeearaetalaaympglegktamlfvggsrahhymhlmrdlgmeplvagfefahrddyegrrviptirvdadsknieelkvtadperyrprldpayreqleregllssyegmwddmgegtlviddvshveieklihrmnpdiicsgikdkyviekfgvpckqlhnydysgpyagyegavnfardvyamihspawkltrspfdtgptltaglnd
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_str._Hildenborough  coded_by=complement(16223..17851),organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris str. Hildenborough,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mttlktdpgvdlesfvdevtslyppkvakkrrahmvvrkdgdpglaqqieantrtvpgiitqrgccyagckgvvigpygdmvhivhgpvgcsfyawltrrnqfrargeagknylsycfttdmqdediifggekklaqaireaaaifrpeaisvhatcpvgligddiqavarelsketgipvmafncegykgvsqsaghhiannkifdmalgtrereagrfsvnvlgeyniggdayeiervlekcgievvatfsgnsvyedmctahsanlnlvmchrsinylaemmetkfgipwmkvnfigmrsmsqslrkiaryfddaaltariesviaeeearaetalaaympglegktamlfvggsrahhymhlmrdlgmeplvagfefahrddyegrrviptirvdadsknieelkvtadperyrprldpayreqleregllssyegmwddmgegtlviddvshveieklihrmnpdiicsgikdkyviekfgvpckqlhnydysgpyagyegavnfardvyamihspawkltrspfdtgptltaglnd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR63  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR63,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqelfplnhgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkleperkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaelnilhcyrsmnyisrh
>Calothrix_sp._PCC_7507  coded_by=1..1503,organism=Calothrix sp. PCC 7507,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mtppenkniieerkelikevlgaypekaakrrekhlnvyeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklvkliqeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarktskeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmvrdwvftrsdqakkdgtlkfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdekiqanaekviakyqptmdaivkkyrprlegktvaimvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefvkalkpdliasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwnkkaqakakakaav
>Rhizobium_acidisoli  coded_by=complement(2015..>3396),organism=Rhizobium acidisoli,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
depgdepkalsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideiealfplnngisvqsecpigligddieavsrkkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdknevefetgpydvnvvgdyniggdawatrilleevglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygipwmeynffgpsqietslreiakhfgpeivdkteavitkyrplvdavvdkyrprlegktvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmrivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvnkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydvpwkkkaapaeavaae
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=7765..9189,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=A.vinelandii major nif gene cluster encoding nitrogen fixation complex, complete cds
mkakdiaelldepacshnkkeksgcakpkpgatdgrcsfdgaqiallpvadvahivhgpiacagsswdnrgtrssgpdlyrigmttdltendvimgraekrlfhairqavesylppavfvyntcvpaligddvdavckaaaerfgtpvipvdsagfygtknlgnriageamlkyvigtrepdplpvgserpgirvhdvnligeyniagefwhvlplldelglrvlctlagdaryrevqtmhraevnmmvcskamlnvarklqetygtpwfegsfygitdtsqalrdfarllddpdltartealiareeakvraalepwrarlegkrvllytggvkswsvvsplqdlgmkvvatgtkksteedkarirelmgddvkmldegnarvllktvdeyqadiliaggrnmytalkgrvpfldinqerefgyggydrmlelvrhvcitlecpvweavrrpapwdipasqdaapsggpfger
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=complement(5831051..5832508),organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mglnieenkklveevleaypkkakkdrekhfqinteeaqscgtcalksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklevimreitemfplakgitvqsecpvgligddieavskkmakeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvlgkaelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaydipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaarfdatiqencekmiakhkpamdaiinkykprlenkkvllmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyertfpmmkegtiimddptayeleelaqklnvdlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnspvwnlirkkekaqkegagv
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=1925..3382,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mglnieenkklveevleaypkkakkdrekhfqinteeaqscgtcalksniksrpgvmtprgcsyagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpigcgqyswgtrrnyangtlgidnftamqitsdfqetdivfggdkklevimreitemfplakgitvqsecpvgligddieavskkmakeldmpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdfvlgkaelaetgpydvniigdyniggdawasrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlneleiahkaklnlihchrsmnymvdhmekaydipwmeynffgpsktyeslraiaarfdatiqencekmiakhkpamdaiinkykprlenkkvllmigglrsrhtigayedlgmdivasgyefahkddyertfpmmkegtiimddptayeleelaqklnvdlvgsgvkekyvyhkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgfdgfkifakdmdmtvnspvwnlirkkekaqkegagv
>Saccharicrinis_fermentans_DSM_9555_=_JCM_21142  coded_by=complement(27419..29059),organism=Saccharicrinis fermentans DSM 9555 = JCM 21142,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mvkkkdysaglpdptpiideiiskypskvakkrkkamvandpeidqpvqanvrtipgiitqrgctyagckgvvlgptrdiinlvhgpigcsfyawltrrnqtkpetetaenymmysfstdmqdenivfggevklkeaireayklfnpkaigvfstcpvgligddvhavsrdmkeelginifgfscegyrgvsqsaghhianngifkhvvgnndrpregkfqinllgeyniggdafelerlfeeagitlvstysgnstvesfayshtvdlnvvmchrsinyiaemmeekygipwikgnfiggsstaktlrkvaeffddaeliekveeiiareeakveavkaaikpkvegklammfvggsrahhyqdlfeelgmltvsagyefahrddyegrhvipdikidadtrnieeltitktdnpelwrddlvakkaelekkgyefshyagmmpqmkknslviddvshhetekliefykpdlfcagikekyvvqksgvplkqlhsydyggpyagfegainfykemermlvtnvwnlvdtpwksepeivgsmtina
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dc2.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dc2.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgepkfqptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_pachyrhizi  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgvdsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklikvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrskskeydgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklepdgepkfqptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC269B00  coded_by=complement(20876..22378),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC269B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyylgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakqhgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdlefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplveaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=690268..691689,organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor synthesis protein nifE
mkpndiqalldepacahndankaggkkagcpkpqpgstqggcafdgarnallpiadaahivhgpigcagsswdgrgtrssgvslfrigmttdltdidvimgrgerrlfqairqtvethspaavllyatcvpalsgddldavakaaqerfgvpvipvdcagfygnknlgnriagevvveriigtrepepvpaaaerpglrihdvnligewnvggefwnvaplfdelglrilctlsgdsrfrevqtmhraeasmvvcskamlgvarklheryripffegsfygiedtsaalrgfarllndsdltartealiareeaaaevalaplrarlrgkrvliftggykswsvvsamqdlgmvvvatgteksteedkariralmgpdalmiadndqiellktfercradiliagdryiyptlksripfldidhvrnigyagyagmvelarqlvtsvenpvwaqvnrpapwadavpapqalra
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._12LoS4_2  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 12LoS4_2,definition=NifD
dgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvapeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._11LoS11_3  coded_by=<1..>758,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 11LoS11_3,definition=NifD
dgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakiidelqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkvapeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhme
>Ruminococcus_albus_SY3  coded_by=253745..255079,organism=Ruminococcus albus SY3,definition=NifK1 protein
msfierprfscmlggalatltslprvipiihgaqgcggqltnsfayggylgvgycggaslpssnvsekeiifggaeklrkeilaaydvmdgdlfvvvtscmtdligddveaviseverpeyplifvdtggfkgnsyygydivikslfeqyipvtkekdeklvnllglvpaydpffrgdleeirrilsligvkattfvtpdqtienirnagkaalnivlspvngiraakaakekhgidyivtdlpigsnasvkfaieiaeklgidrefaekalekeveryysyvdratdviadtdfqnyavvvnnatqalpyaqyldneigwlpeyvfitdelreknkeiirrhfeelpfeyrpklvfetdtskiqqyitqndpqflsdtyyeklepafvlgssidrklsqvlngnflnisfpamsriilnktyagfngglalledlitaqvsgr
>Methanothermobacter_thermautotrophicus_str._Delta_H  coded_by=1338872..1340080,organism=Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus str. Delta H,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE homolog
mswydmgpvstcklfgavravtgiknavplihgprgcayhigylltarggrriavastelsesdvvfgaseklrdriievdrtrkpdiivimsscatsiigedigrvadetselvdaelitvsaggfessqgegyeevmmalihkfcwrmepsskpsvniigefrggadlrevreslslmgvdvncvltsgcsirdmtmipaghlncsfcdvsgiapcrfleenfgtpfihhpipigfsnslrfyrevlgylnldypineefsafieerdriraeleglrvavvsgptravaltefitelrmkpvlvsmdmigdytlenlrgvpglrseilvgvdvsdieeaiirtepelilgglaetrisevsgaplidvmhgssltagfrgavnlgarmcgavygdhdcy
>Methylocapsa_acidiphila_B2  coded_by=<1..>1095,organism=Methylocapsa acidiphila B2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit
gpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswaarrnyyigttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakimdeimelfplnhgvtvqsecpigligddieavskqksreyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfdkmegkpatfeqtaydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgsiaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgvpwveynffgpskiaeslrtiashfddkikegaerviekyralsdaviakyrprlhgrkvmlfvgglrprhvigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddyqrtthyvkdgtliyddvtgyefekfvekiqpdlvgsgikekyvfqkmg
>Desulfobacterium_autotrophicum_HRM2  coded_by=1111027..1112403,organism=Desulfobacterium autotrophicum HRM2,definition=NifE
metisvledrknqisqkgrdtfemacekkslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlihgpigcasytwdirgalssgpelhrmsfstdlsetdvvfggekklekallelvaeyepkaafvyctcivgiigddveavckkvaakvgipvlavhsegfkgtkkdgykaacdalfklidlnrkpekqiplsinilgefniggetwiikeyyrrmgvevvsvmtgdgrvkdvqsahraclnvvqcsgslthlardmeqaygipfirvsyfgiedtsdalydvasffkdapqimertkalvqeevcailpelaalkkdlvgkraaiyvggafkafslikalkhlgmsevlvgsqtgnkedyallremcdpdtvilddanplelakyvmekdahlfiggvkerpiayklgigfcdhnherkiplvgyegmvnfakevhatvtspiwdlvprkafnraisnkg
>Thioploca_ingrica  coded_by=2175730..2177139,organism=Thioploca ingrica,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
myakkniaelldepacahnqksksgcsrpkpgataggcsfdgaqiallpiadvahivhgaiacagsswdsrgsrsagralyrigmttdlteqdvimgrgekrlfhaikqaidsyqpaavfvyntcvpaligddleavckaaeerwgvpvvpvdaagfygtknlgnrlagetmvkyvigtrepdpipaeahrpgvtvhnvnligeyniagefwqvlplfdeiglrvlctlsgdtrfheiqtmhrakvtmvvcakallnvarklknrygipwfegsfygivdtsntfrefarlindpaltervealisreearanqalapwrqrlqgkrvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmevvatgtkksteedkarirelmgetahmiedgnprlllnlvkeyqadlliaggrnmftalkarlpfldinqerefgyagyqgmvelarqlaltlespiweavrrpapwktkvvnavrekn
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=4413374..4414897,organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase
mgkinlrmaevqnrerrlgtiiawngtasdlhtqsgyqqrgsgcksnkdgcrlceakgpftqgsvcseqmvecqagnvrdavliqhspigcgagqvpynsiyrnglamrghkveniriintnlqetdmvfgalgklkqsiddaweryspkaifigtscptgiigediesvarkkqeelgipviplfcegfrskhwstgfdatqhgilrqivkkstkkqedlvnvislwgsdiftpmfkefnlrvnyvvdmasvsdleqlseaaatvgfcytlssymaaaleqefgvpevkapmpygfagtdawlrelgkvthreelveqyiakeharvkpkiaelkkklqglkgyvatgsayahgliqvlreldiqvdgslvfhhdpvydsgdaredslghliehygevpsfnvsnrqqyqfygllqevkpdfilirhnglaplasklgipaaplgdehiaigyegiinlgeailnilahkkfhddlkkhaklpykqwwleqkdpyilskhpelida
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNHC252B00  coded_by=9132..10622,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC252B00,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msllrakiqdvfnepgceknrgkdakarkegcskpltpgaaaggcafdgakivlqpitdvahlihaplacegnswdnrgaassgptlwrtsfttdlteldvvmgqgerklfkaireikeaygppaifvyptcvtaligddieavckraaekfglavvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklageallehvigtvepddagpydinilgefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryfdiacahraraamivcstalinlarkmderwgipffegsfygitdtsealrqisqllvkkgadpeilgrtealiaeeeaiawkklaayrprlegkrvllntggvkswsvvhalmeigieivgtsvkkstvedkqrikqilkddnhmfeqmtprelyamlsehkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerqhpyagydgmvelvrqidiaihnpiwcrvrepapwdcqpavreelprtksetaalhvvqefagttagdfgec
>Methanosphaerula_palustris_E1-9c  coded_by=102671..104206,organism=Methanosphaerula palustris E1-9c,definition=Nitrogenase
mvtieepliqkidlsqptspnreqrasginvyygkasqltedarngclrghnrkfqqtsgcalnfylsvrigtirdavaiyhapvgcsaaalgyreiyrgvpvelgrpanfelhwittnlrendvvygageklkeaireaerryspkaifimtsctsgiigediegvvaemqpvtkavlvpihcegvrsrlvqtgydafwhgvlkylvrkpekkqkdlvnvasmlsytwqdrleikrlltklglrvnfipefatveelqqlseaavtapicptytdylsrgleqeygvpfflypspmgiantdawlreiakytgkeveveqlieeehkrwvpqierikdelahikkdgskisvlgslgqgrllaqlpyfdelglsspaamcqdfdnlileeleglikkygdfnilvntfqaaeqshitreldpditltcpfqggafkrkkgvtrihalrgdaspwstqsgyagavafgnfllqalksgafqelmlkktedsykqwwyqqpdplhylareee
>Calditerrivibrio_nitroreducens_DSM_19672  coded_by=708858..710213,organism=Calditerrivibrio nitroreducens DSM 19672,definition=Nitrogenase
msgrtilvdntcqmkgkntdkvnkcakpepggalggcafdgaqitliqisdalhiahspstcigcsynnrgtrstvgalyrygittdlnemdiimgseeklirtikectdifkpkavfvystciadmtgfdlmdvvkkaqdivkipvipvdspgfignknygnkkagealfryvigtmepeyttdtdiciiadyniagelwrilpyfeelgirvlskitgdatyeevayahrsrcnmvvcsralvtlakslklkygteyfegsfygvketsnalrkigeilnidhlkekiecfvqkkekeveqalkffkrffknkrvfiysggvkswsmvmqleelgfevigsgirksstedieklkrhfegkqkilmekgdgqllldileknkadlfiagsrnlyvamkgqipyldvnqerikayagyegmitlagdiyhtmnskvfktvknnpsflrli
>Methanosarcina_sp._Kolksee  coded_by=complement(2873488..2875017),organism=Methanosarcina sp. Kolksee,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfE
mvgianesvvffghlselyqlakegkietklqgshtrpckfwtamkilsgikntiviahgpsgcafgvkqaykltncrnsgspyesiittnidekaivyggekelkgailevdkkykpdvifvatscatgiigdyvdaivnkikpkinaeimaihcegfageyrsgfdlvfrqivqlmdkpdsesrsrlansvnivggkmgperteietdvkelrrliesmgasvnaviagncsleeikqapsvavnctlcldlgyaigremldqfntplnstilpygisaterwlreaakhlhleneaeelikreygairiefeeakkylagklaiveghdaikslsiahmlerdfgmraviynfhpwstqaretsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyeamvqtenelmeylgdlnpettvyfgssmsfpnipvvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcictaleysfrprswvtkkmvfpgnsglcsaqsltpklaqdlpdctvyagrergkcmms
>Bradyrhizobium_jicamae  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium jicamae,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhedgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyigttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklakvideiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrvkskeyggktfvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwvfdkitpeskskfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_GR4  coded_by=complement(1009823..1011253),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti GR4,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslsaknqaffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppmpgavaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddieavcrraaekfdlpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmqerwdihffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleivgtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsrmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvreaapwemapargeemseeeall
>Cylindrospermum_stagnale_PCC_7417  coded_by=32465..33805,organism=Cylindrospermum stagnale PCC 7417,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mktsqgeindqpiqpksdngdqsctqfiqpetqddcafdgamftlipitdaahlvhgpsgcihnswgsrgslssgsmlykvrfttdmeesdiifggakklkrgiqeltrrykpaavfvystcvsaligddisgvckaateqtgipiipvnapgfvghknfgsslagealleyvigtaepdittpydinligeynvagglwqvmpllaklgirvlakitgdaryeeicyahraklnvlisakplvkmakkmeerfgipyieesfsgvedlnrclrniaaklgnsnlqartekliaeetaaldqklvsyrsylqgkrvvisieslkswsiisvaknlgievisistrkisgedkarikqllnqdamiwelkssqeilqvinenqadmliagdcyqstamiakipfldmnqkqhhpytgyagilelarelyatlynpiwyqvsqpapwd
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(4853071..4854354),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
mkalpgegaerscaydgarvvlmpitdvahlvhgpiacagnswdnrgarssgsqlfrrglttdlmendvvyggerklkeaileiaahhrpqaifvyatcvsaligddvsaiceqaeqeltipviavncpgflgdknignriagevlfdrvigtgegpdekvplsvnligeyniagdlwgilpdfenlgitvqatitgdakfediasahraclnvlicsksltnlarkmeekydipfmegsfygihdtsetliniakalgdldllkrtktyvqkkeeetremiagykkclehkqailftggvktwsmvstlaelginilaggtqnstpddfqrmkalmdptaqiiedtspagflkiiaekkpdlivaggktkylahktrtpfldinhgrklpyagyegmvtfagslartvnspvwellkqefppreeg
>Desulfotomaculum_acetoxidans_DSM_771  coded_by=1046750..1048387,organism=Desulfotomaculum acetoxidans DSM 771,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mavnekdllmdkqieemlnqypakvkrnrknhivlndtslehqqieantrtipgiitnrgcayagckgvvlgplkdmvhivhgpigcsyyawmtrrnkaksedpkknflnycvstdmqesdivfggekklarmidevveifkpnaitvsatcpvgligddiqsiakaaedkygipimafncegykgvsqsaghhiannglmehvigrgdleeapakytinmlgeyniggdsweiervltelgyhvqtvmtgngayedlknahiaqlnlvqchrsinyiadmlekkygtpwlkvnfigirstieslrnmamyfgdkelidkteeviarelaeiepaldkyrkytngktafcfvggsrghhyqilyeelgiktllagyefahrddyegrvvlpdikpdadsknipdlhvepderryrvkipqermaelqekmplcnykgmrmdmidntvmvddlnhyeteefirilkpdifssgikdkyivqkmgipskqlhnydysgpyagfkgavnfarditmgivsptwkyitppwksspliegtieegrscgc
>Paenibacillus_polymyxa  coded_by=complement(1511890..1513251),organism=Paenibacillus polymyxa,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mepavsngrlevscgnkipksmpcprpvpgeasggcsfdgaqitlipiadaahlvhgpiaclgnswesrgslssgpelsaygfttdlgeqdiifggerklhesiryivsrfappavfvyttcvtaltgedvegvckaeserlgtpiipvnspgfvgsknlgtrlagdvlfqqiigstepeqttphdinligeyniagemwhierlmqqtgmsilsritgdgrfrevgwahrakanmvvcsrallglavqmerkygipyfegsfygaketsyslrqmayltgdrdverrvdklaareemrlslelrpyrkqlkgkravlytggvkswsvitalqelgikvvgvgtnkstaedvsriadrigddaeyipeggarqilktvrsrkadmviaggrnmymalkeqipfvdinqerhkayagydgllslakqlvhtlqhpvwelaaklapweeetefad
>Phascolarctobacterium_sp._CAG:207  coded_by=complement(24910..26205),organism=Phascolarctobacterium sp. CAG:207,definition=oxidoreductase nitrogenase component 1
maiktkrmlsktkscscsmpgvwraaaycsgaavifhspracahvarsmdtsaqyralangaaenlkpipvvssmlqekhsifggadrlraciedvvntyrpkcliianscvagvigddveavgkesevkygipvltvpcygfldgeyyqgyfavaeqlaerffhkqtklentalligdnggpwghyakevkrllayfsikvigqfpgyipinelpqitaasfsiilggrgqtyngltkiarllemnyevpylqdgypvgwdntvdwlrnlgvflhqedlaekavvqekdklfafadkvkkitqgkrcvvcigrmlmyfhpagiletlrrlemqveaiilfdnyntkerklmveavsaqcqapiidqtagqqlletvdlvlttheitnnqdikqiflpmlplvgtsgeiefmdciyktlcrrgekggivyv
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LSJC255A00  coded_by=103684..105186,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC255A00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgglharlieevlsqypdksakrrrkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecevksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlveierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaeaviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Calothrix_sp._336/3  coded_by=complement(5988842..5990329),organism=Calothrix sp. 336/3,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mtppekslteqnkelikevlqaypeksrkkrekhlnvhedgkadcgvksniksvpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyvgntgidafgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkkltkiiheieelfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavakktskeigkpviplrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfprfdqakkdntlkfestdydvaligdyniggdawasrmlleemglrvvaqwsgdgtidelvqgpaaklilihcyrsmnyicrsleetyglpwmefnffgptkiaaslreiaakfdkkiqdnaekviakyqpimdavvkkyrprvegntvmlyvgglrprhvvpafedlgikvvgtgyefahnddykrtthyidnatiiyddvtayefeeftkamkpdmiasgikekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwdlvgapwkkatakvkaa
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_3  coded_by=1364951..1366393,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 3,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
mplklfccdeciperknhvyvkeegedttqflplsnietipgsisergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyiwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaiteafkefpeikrmfvyttcttaligddpkavcrevekelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkvgtlepeitseytinvigdyniqgdsyvlqkyldkmgiqviahftgnvkydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfeyvkvalrkigaffgledkaeeviaeevakyegklawykerlkgkqiciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevlesihadliltgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmynaiyspmwnlagkdprvvdspmwnlagkdpsvvqel
>Dickeya_solani_D_s0432-1  coded_by=complement(1605328..1606701),organism=Dickeya solani D s0432-1,definition=Nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein
mkgseilalfdepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgatsggcafdgaqitllpladvahlvhgpigctgsswdnrgsqssgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivsryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddidavcraasaavgvpviaidaagfygsknfgnrlagevmvkqvigqrepapwpqdtafapehrhdigligefniagefwnvlplldelgirvlgslsgdarfaeiqtlhraeanmlvcsralinvarqleqryaipwfegsfygvramsdalrqlalmtgdadlmtrtdaliareeaaveqalapyrerlqgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgitvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgddalmleegnartlldvvyrygadmmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagyrglvalaqqlcltldspiwrqthqrapwh
>Thiorhodococcus_sp._AK35  coded_by=87651..89072,organism=Thiorhodococcus sp. AK35,definition=Nitrogenase (vanadium-iron) alpha chain
mvllecdkdiperqrhiflktpeddvreclpianvptipgslsergcafcgaklviggvlkdtiqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdnghfplkyvwstdmkeqhivfggekrleqsiheafdempdvkrmivyttcptaligddvkavvkkvmkerpdvdiftvecpgfsgvsqskghhvlnigwinekvgtaekeitseytinfigdyniqgdtfllqkywdrlgiqvishftgngtyddlrcmhqaklnvvncarsagyianelkkrhgiprldidtwgfnymaegirkvcaffgieergeeliadeyakwkpqldwykerllgkkmaiwtggprlwhwtksveddmgievvamsskfgheedfekvvargregtyyiddaneleffeiidlvkpdviftgprvgelvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegfvnmardiynathnplaylagqdirdptplvmperlreva
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LNJC399B00  coded_by=129391..130893,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LNJC399B00,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msleyendgalhaklieevlsqypdksakrrkkhlsvaksgdeageesevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleriideieelfplnkgmtvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehektivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfekkevefeagpydvnvvgdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygiawmeynffgpsqteaslrkiakhfgpeieakaevviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegrtvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmvivgtgyefghnddyqrtghyvkkgtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwnlydapwkkkaepsaaiaae
>Methanolobus_tindarius_DSM_2278  coded_by=complement(1951033..1952616),organism=Methanolobus tindarius DSM 2278,definition=Mo-nitrogenase MoFe protein subunit NifD precursor
msseveksqsvidemmkvypkktekdrrkhftvkdsceteqhieanaktvpgimtnrgcayaggkgvvmgpikdmvhithgpigcgyytwgtrrnmakaedggdnylqycfstdmketdivfggekklrdaiddamrifkpgaisinatcpvgligddiedvarnaekdypglkvlalrcegyrgvsqsaghhvasnvimeqligteelenptpfdinifgeyniggdlweiktlfekigyrivssftgdgsyhniskahlaklsillchrsvnytnrmmeekygvpwlkvnyvgvegtkktlrkmaeyfdneeltkkteevieeemakiqpelekyknklqgktafiyaggsrshhyqnlfedlgmkvlvagyqfahrddyegrqildglkekassgiledlhyerdpdfepaispermeelkeklglmqyegmlpemkdgtiavddlnhheteflikelkpdlfcsgikdkywaqkmgvpsrqihsydysgrytgftgvlnfardvdmavnnpswklqktpwkge
>Methanocaldococcus_infernus_ME  coded_by=complement(33662..35095),organism=Methanocaldococcus infernus ME,definition=nitrogenase alpha chain
mpfvlldcdkpipermkhtyiydpeeeiipacniktipgdmtergcsfagargvvggpvkdvihmvhgpigcafytwgtrrnlsdfelhrrycfstdmqeadivyggekklekacieaaeefpeakgifiyatcptaligdnleavarkveekikkpvfacnspgfagcsqskghhifntefyrwlrkarekypekclkeeektpydiaivgeynmdwdlkvikplfekigcrvvavftgnaslddlfklpdvklcvvhcqrsanyiaemirdgynvprvwvslfgieqtaealrktaevlgidkekveqvikeeveaikpqlefyksklegkrclvyvggprtwhwirmfkelgvdvvvacctfaheddyeklnrnlkkaglkgtlvidapneleleeaihkykpdfmltglkerylfrkygvptinshsyeqgpyagfrgfvnfardiykavchpiwdilkegekkfeefkkknn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Pter4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Pter4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhevgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvideiqdlfplsrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkitpeaerrfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Clostridium_butyricum_E4_str._BoNT_E_BL5262  coded_by=547532..548869,organism=Clostridium butyricum E4 str. BoNT E BL5262,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqrteyddllkereefickkgkkngnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeqdfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Clostridium_butyricum_5521  coded_by=complement(133781..135118),organism=Clostridium butyricum 5521,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqrteyddllkereefickkgkkngnfkcdsesvsgavsqracvycgsrvvlnpitdayhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgdeiyrnsfstdlreqdvifggekkleralegvikehnpkaifvystcivgvigddikavcksaeqkynlpvipvmapgfsgnkskgyriacnalmnlfsrekhpkskginilgdfnlagemwiienylreigvdvvakitgdadvdslkkassasfnvvqcagsmnylakmmeqdfsipsikisfvgledtksslmriaaltgdnsiiekakeliereeaqvmpiiekykknlrgkkaaifvgggfkaislirqfnelgietvmvgtqtgkpedyevinglvkegtvilddasayelekfmiekgadilvggvkerplayklgvafcdhnherkhalggfqgavnfaeevnlsinspvwkyv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hambi2978  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hambi2978,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdklesdgkptfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Holophaga_foetida_DSM_6591  coded_by=165516..166877,organism=Holophaga foetida DSM 6591,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mtglkllderrrqvfekgsepadfeiacgkpslsgavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhivhgpvgcaaytwdirgsrssgpelhrmsfttdlretdiiyggekkleaalrqliarhnpraafvygtcvvgvigddvdavcrkmtaecgipviavhsegfkgtkkdgykaacdalwrivdsgettekrpysinilgefniageawilkeyfrkmgvevvstftgdgrideirnarqaslnlvqcsgsitalasrmkseygipfirvsffgiedvskalyavadtfkdnkdimartralvseelsvllpqlekyrkdltgkkaaiyvggafkafslivalrhlgmsvvlagsqtgnkddyetlkeicdegavivddtnpvelckfmlekgvdlliggvkerpmayklgvafcdhnherkiplagfegmvafakevhasvmspvwkfaprmeakp
>Desulfovibrio_piezophilus_C1TLV30  coded_by=3158455..3159840,organism=Desulfovibrio piezophilus C1TLV30,definition=Nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein nifE
msttileerkdqihrtgegaidiacnreslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqeidvifggekklsaaldelidrhqpkaafvystcivgligddleavcrkmseekgipvlpvmsegfkgnkragylaackamfrligtrdtsgitpisinifgdfnlageiwiireyfrrmgvevvanvtgdgrvndigrchgaalnlvqcsgstldlakmmeekygipylrvsylgiedmadslyqvadffkdqdtgivertqelvreelaslmpelaqyrkdldgrkvamyvggsfkafslvkafrhlgmkvvmvgsqtgtkedyaeleqitdpgtiivddanplelsafikekdvdlfvggvkerpiayklgvgfcdhnherkealegfegmlnfarevhssvmspvwnfvprranrvleaekeavne
>Acetobacterium_bakii  coded_by=complement(277960..279546),organism=Acetobacterium bakii,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mnsrekvldkysskiyknrkehvieiengepniiaadtraipgiltnrgccyagckgvvlgplkdvvqivhgpigcsyytwgtrrhkskhdettknfseycfstdmqetdivfggekklkkaikeaveifnpacimiastcpvgligddihavaaeaeelygikvvafscegykgvsqsgghhiannglmkniigtgdadhvkysinllgeyniggdgweigrvlkrigynivsvmtgdgsyaemknahiadlnlvqchrsinyiaemlktkygtewlkvnfiglegikqslrdvaaffndpdltakteaviadeedeikvtmsefktklegktaavyvggsrthhyinllkslgvevvlggyefahrddyegrqilplkmdadskniesitvekdpakfrtfhtperiqelkdaglpiesyeglwadispdamitddfnhfeteefikllkpdiffsgikdkyvvqrsgipsrqlhsydysgpyagfkgavnfardvtlavntpawelvqapwkteptlegsiggme
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrivorans_SS3  coded_by=complement(1639831..1641222),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans SS3,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mlqnkiqdvfnepgcsknqsksdkerkkgctkalqpggaaggcafdgakialqpitdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrgskssgsqlyrtgfttdineldvvyggekhlfksikeiidkydppavfvyqtcvpamigddieavckaasqkfakpiipvnspgfvgaknlgnklagealldyvigteepeystpydiniigeynlsgelwqvkplldhlgirvtccisgdakyhdvaqshraranmmvcsksminiarkmeeryqipffegsfygisdtteslreitrlliqqgapeelrdrtealivreearawqriaeythrlrgkrvllftggvkswsvvsalqeggmevvgtsvkkstkedkekikelmgqdahmiddmtpremykmfqearadvllsggrsqfaalknkmpwvdinqerhhayngyegmvnlvkqidlalynpmwtllrkpapwdmreara
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_3  coded_by=1370020..1371336,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 3,definition=Nitrogenase vanadium-cofactor synthesis protein VnfN
mvgcalegatgvlagikdisivihspqgcsstvsaaydiheidftkrkvactrlfetdvimgassklknlikeadskfktraifvvgtcaadiigedieglcrniqpqtdakliplmaggfrgnlydgielglnallpfikkqkeklpntvnliapqanlnptwwadlkwiretfekigikvqavlphdtsleelnnaglasanillshdagyqfglkmqevhgiplilsdiplpiglkntsrwlravgkyfgveekveaiikegetmaidvlrrrglmmipryrncrvavsadatmgigltrmlfeelemipelllfrspvsdsqfllenelnnmgispkvvfsadgyqikqslmescieavfgssweyylaeelgikfafdvfnptnrqnylnrayfgyegmlnflenvandweralrskhinweefselakkwsl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnsr2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnsr2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepngkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lpsp3.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lpsp3.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lpsp.1b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lpsp.1b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lsds6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lsds6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lua6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lua6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lua12  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lua12,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._leu18  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. leu18,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._leu5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. leu5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._leu19  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. leu19,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._leu1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. leu1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._leu16  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. leu16,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._leu14  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. leu14,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._leu3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. leu3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ll4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ll4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ll1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ll1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lou5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lou5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapeasskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0005  coded_by=complement(15183..16031),organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0005,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
mirdwvfpaaekeglefeetpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtftemkvtpnvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgpskiaeslraiaarfdetiqekaeevikkyqqqcddilakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafkdlgmemigtgyefahgddykrtshyvndatliyddvtayefeefvktlkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwglvgtpwnk
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=complement(2199748..2201061),organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=hydrogenase
mslcveqirhvctlgafesvlaikravpivhagpgcvaklwttlgsqnghqgsgyvgghaipctnasekevvfggtdrlrkvitntfdvidgdlfvvltgctsdiigddvgeitrkfqaqgkpivyvetggfkgsnlighelvldaiidqylqpqqvepglvniwssvpyqntfwsgdieqlnllisslglkpnvifgpdssvdavndipkaqfnlvispwvglrtaehlkdkfgtpflhypalpigptetsnflrtvgefagidpsvvenvirkqedryfyyleraadtlletrllprrfitvadslyalgiarfltndmglipekqfitddtptdyqsdviaefgkftndiapetvfsndggyveeeirklkirsrplilgsswervvardlnayqlsvsapignelvlsksyvgyngalqliediysvvlndfm
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._viciae_3841  coded_by=complement(160140..161645),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. viciae 3841,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mtfkyandsdlhakliadvlsqypdkaakrrskhlslatsekdagedpnaisecevksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgltgidtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkklenvideiaelfplsngvtlqsecpigligddieavarkkakehattvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkkdikfdpgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraalnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwmeynffghsqidaslrdiakhfgpeiqekaekviakyqplvwavidkywqrlsgkrvmlyvgglrprhvvtayedlgmeivgtgyefghgddyqrtghyvkegtliyddvtgyelekfiegirpdlvgsgvkekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfsifardmdmainnpvwglydapwkndrasadgssmrt
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._19.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 19.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._18.1  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 18.1,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._14.4  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 14.4,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._14.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 14.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._13.3  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 13.3,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._10.2  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 10.2,definition=NifD dinitrogenase alpha subunit
hlsvheagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkkvtklidelqelfplnrgitiqsecpigligddieavsrekskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksapevsskfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmn
>Paenibacillus_sp._FSL_R7-277  coded_by=complement(6153..7517),organism=Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-277,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mdplrqddfdsqacgsiapkakpcprpkpgeaaggcsfdgaqitllpimdaahlvhgpiacagnswesrgalssgpslsqygfatdltdsdiifggekklkdsidyiagrfappaifvystcvtaligedmdavckeagdrigipvipvnspgfvgsknlgnrlagdallqyvigtgepdpetalgvnligeyniagemwdieklmnsagiavtsritgdarykeitwahrarvnmvvcsrallglakemearygipyfegsfygakettyslrqmaylmndremerrvdrltereearlgqelrpyrkllrgkravlytggvkswsvisalkelgvqvvgvgtnksteddvrriadrvgddteyipeggasriiktvrerkadimiaggrnmyvamkeqipfidinqerhkayagyegllrlakeltyslanpiwklaaspapwdkeappydr
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_USDA_257  coded_by=14878..16392,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii USDA 257,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendsalhqelitqvlsqyphkaakrrqkhlsvasdreavgeegetlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkaddktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraerviakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkmtvptaavaae
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_HH103  coded_by=complement(158333..159847),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii HH103,definition=K02586 nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msldyendsalhqelitqvlsqyphkaakrrqkhlsvasdreavgeegetlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkaddktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraerviakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkmtvptaavaae
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_HH103  coded_by=complement(100899..102413),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii HH103,definition=Nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain Nitrogenase component I; Dinitrogenase
msldyendsalhqelitqvlsqyphkaakrrqkhlsvasdreavgeegetlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgvdtfvtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqvideieelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrkkavehettivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkaddktdvefetgpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeverapraklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeeryaipwmeynffgpsqieaslrkiarhfgptieeraerviakyrplvdavidkywprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmqivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvktgtliyddatsyeldtfierirpdlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlainnpvwdlydapwkkmtvptaavaae
>Selenomonas_sputigena_ATCC_35185  coded_by=245384..246631,organism=Selenomonas sputigena ATCC 35185,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mpgvwralsfvrgalvifhsprpcahiahgmdvgsfhrlraagtkvrlspvplltsslsdaeaifggedclrecirfaaekyqpqaifianscvsgvigddtcavaeemeqelglpvsavsahgfldgeyyagyldaarvlvdrfmkpaerragsvvllgdcggvhgeyvkelcrllgilslrvegqfpsylalsemdvvpaaellivlgrrsdekqallvdlarhiherfgtpyladvyavgseetkewlravgrlcgrereaeeairaeeaafqravdevrptlaerrvtfaigrdldwfqpkiimrllkkagvelagvvlldsflpgrrevmeeevarltdapiahegsreaealfkaadfvlttheltdarlrqiflalmpsvgwsmekkllrdmvhivcrhesrggliyg
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=44268..45737,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=hypothetical protein
mgyngvniektsveirekrlnsingyegtasdlcksydnktlcnrnrsftqcttcsadqvmnqlsciqdaaivehgpagcsgdiprrnlvnrsgrrarnipvanvqyintnlmekdtiygglkklenaireaknrfdpkaifvtttcasaiigddiesvtdkieeeigipvvaiycegfrsriwatgfdasyhgilrklvkpavkrqsdvvniinfhgtdvfsplfakiglkvnyivpfttieqlsniseaaatlqicsslgtylaaglekyfgvpevkapgpygaagfnawirelgkivhkeeeveklieeeknrtapriaelreklagkkvfigagsayahgiiaivkelgmelvsastwhhdpifdnfdkkadtlrsalenygdfkisvcnkqsyelvsmlykykpdiyigrhtgtiwatklgipsflsldehygvgyqglinygelildtisntsfvkgiaahnklpytdwwlkqetfkfmeesk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=4114167..4115636,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mgyngvniektsveirekrlnsingyegtasdlcksydnktlcnrnrsftqcttcsadqvmnqlsciqdaaivehgpagcsgdiprrnlvnrsgrrarnipvanvqyintnlmekdtiygglkklenaireaknrfdpkaifvtttcasaiigddiesvtdkieeeigipvvaiycegfrsriwatgfdasyhgilrklvkpavkrqsdvvniinfhgtdvfsplfakiglkvnyivpfttieqlsniseaaatlqicsslgtylaaglekyfgvpevkapgpygaagfnawirelgkivhkeeeveklieeeknrtapriaelreklagkkvfigagsayahgiiaivkelgmelvsastwhhdpifdnfdkkadtlrsalenygdfkisvcnkqsyelvsmlykykpdiyigrhtgtiwatklgipsflsldehygvgyqglinygelildtisntsfvkgiaahnklpytdwwlkqetfkfmeesk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3661742..3663211),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgyngvniektsveirekrlnsingyegtasdlcksydnktlcnrnrsftqcttcsadqvmnqlsciqdaaivehgpagcsgdiprrnlvnrsgrrarnipvanvqyintnlmekdtiygglkklenaireaknrfdpkaifvtttcasaiigddiesvtdkieeeigipvvaiycegfrsriwatgfdasyhgilrklvkpavkrqsdvvniinfhgtdvfsplfakiglkvnyivpfttieqlsniseaaatlqicsslgtylaaglekyfgvpevkapgpygaagfnawirelgkivhkeeeveklieeeknrtapriaelreklagkkvfigagsayahgiiaivkelgmelvsastwhhdpifdnfdkkadtlrsalenygdfkisvcnkqsyelvsmlykykpdiyigrhtgtiwatklgipsflsldehygvgyqglinygelildtisntsfvkgiaahnklpytdwwlkqetfkfmeesk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3661534..3663003),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mgyngvniektsveirekrlnsingyegtasdlcksydnktlcnrnrsftqcttcsadqvmnqlsciqdaaivehgpagcsgdiprrnlvnrsgrrarnipvanvqyintnlmekdtiygglkklenaireaknrfdpkaifvtttcasaiigddiesvtdkieeeigipvvaiycegfrsriwatgfdasyhgilrklvkpavkrqsdvvniinfhgtdvfsplfakiglkvnyivpfttieqlsniseaaatlqicsslgtylaaglekyfgvpevkapgpygaagfnawirelgkivhkeeeveklieeeknrtapriaelreklagkkvfigagsayahgiiaivkelgmelvsastwhhdpifdnfdkkadtlrsalenygdfkisvcnkqsyelvsmlykykpdiyigrhtgtiwatklgipsflsldehygvgyqglinygelildtisntsfvkgiaahnklpytdwwlkqetfkfmeesk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=311652..313121,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mgyngvniektsveirekrlnsingyegtasdlcksydnktlcnrnrsftqcttcsadqvmnqlsciqdaaivehgpagcsgdiprrnlvnrsgrrarnipvanvqyintnlmekdtiygglkklenaireaknrfdpkaifvtttcasaiigddiesvtdkieeeigipvvaiycegfrsriwatgfdasyhgilrklvkpavkrqsdvvniinfhgtdvfsplfakiglkvnyivpfttieqlsniseaaatlqicsslgtylaaglekyfgvpevkapgpygaagfnawirelgkivhkeeeveklieeeknrtapriaelreklagkkvfigagsayahgiiaivkelgmelvsastwhhdpifdnfdkkadtlrsalenygdfkisvcnkqsyelvsmlykykpdiyigrhtgtiwatklgipsflsldehygvgyqglinygelildtisntsfvkgiaahnklpytdwwlkqetfkfmeesk
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_149_str._67H29BP  coded_by=complement(23800..25104),organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 149 str. 67H29BP,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgievkrvgvrrtncscsmpgvwralsfvrgalvifhsprpcahiahgmdvssfhrltaagtsvrlspvplltsglseneavfggeerlrecirfaaqkyhpqavfianscvsgvigddtqaiaaemeeelelpvmavsahgfldgeyyagyldaaralvdrfmqpakrrdgtvvllgdcggmhgeyvkelqrllslldlrvtgqfpsylaldelqavpeaelvillgrrmdnekqaqlsalaahirdrlgtpyladvyavgaeetarwlrrvgqichreeaaeraiaaeeasfaaavekarndlaghrcalaigrdltwfqpeivlrlldkagieligivlldcfmperravmeeelqrrtdvpihhegdavaeellhrvdfvltthelvdtklrqlflallpsvgwsierrllddmrrilhrhesrggliyg
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_CCNWSX0020  coded_by=16863..18293,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti CCNWSX0020,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslsaknqaffnepacernrskdfkvrkkgcsqppipgaaaggcafdgakvalqpitnvahlihaplacegnswdnrgtassshmlwrtsfttdvtefdvvmghserklfkaireineayapaavfvyatcvtaligddidavcrraaekfglpvvpvnapgfvgsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepddarssdinilgefnlsgefwqvrplldklgvrvracipgdsryldiatahraraammvcstalinlarkmlerwnipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvkqgagpdlisrtealiveeearawrrlevyrprlqgkrvllntggvkswsvahalmeigleivgtsikkstdndkerlkqmltndsrmsgattprelysalsdhkadimlsggrtqfialkakmpwldinqerqhsyagyhgvvelarqidlsihnpiwaqvreaapwemapargeemseeeall
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ARR460  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR460,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhesgksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihlshgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyagttgidsfvtfqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkiideiqelfplnqgisiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvfdkitpgreanfepspydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnvlhcyrsmnyisrh
>Phascolarctobacterium_succinatutens_CAG:287  coded_by=complement(32291..33514),organism=Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens CAG:287,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mslvrflpipsdrmgiiwslltvqgaivleygpagtthysmglygglglrfqnrlftthmseddvvmgdvtrleeaiieldksyapkvifvvassvtavigtdikgvcrymqnevkaklvafeqggfrgdysvglaetykllvrnlpqkdavqeagvyniigasawryrmasdiwevksllsealdlrcnaclccdtsvdelqamgkaqvnivlgneglaaakyleekfgtpyvyavpygysgtvsfleqvgaavgkapepmvlmrikmkekgmsmlsmfammggskprqaavkgdydlvqgvgafleqagisvthkmcahslkaitepvadveayaeegewlqeirelrdtllfaddvaltqadasntkvlisapfmngvvathmpfmgekgadflleqiqgyyqk
>Rhodobacter_sp._AKP1  coded_by=1348..2829,organism=Rhodobacter sp. AKP1,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) alpha chain
makdiadsaetnmklieevlaaypdkarkkrakhlnvaapiaeaepgiqskcdnvksniksvpgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmlhishgpvgcghyswsqrrnyytgttgvdsfvtmqvttdfqendivfggdkklektidelnmlfplnkgisiqsecpigligddieavskkkakdigkrvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvleagegaragyepgaydvniigdyniggdawssrilleeiglnviaqwsgdatiaemerapaaklnlihcyrsmsyicrhmeenhgvpwmeynffgpsqiaaslraiaakfddriqanaeaviakyqplvdavnakykprlegkkvmlyvgglrprhvvdayhdlgmeivgtgyefahnddykrtghyikegtlifddvsgyelekfveairpdlvgsgikekyntqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgyaifardmdlainnpvwgmfdapwkkta
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=6747..8117,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=NifE
midykpvvqkknlkvieqreesiyynkksedggcggdfkcdtasvsgsvsqracvycgarvvlnpitdayhlvhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeeiyrnsfstdlrekdvifggekklsaaideivaekhpkvifvystcivgvigddtdavckaaeekygirvipvkspgfagskstgykaacdalmklmgdkttdekidginflgdfnlageiwivtnylkkfgidvvakltgdssydeimnapkaklnivqcagsmmylakmmekkfgipyikvsfygvedtknsllkiadilgneekvkkakqfvleeeskieneldyyrdrlkgkkaaifvggafkaislikqfrnlgmetvmvgtqtgkkddyeiiesittegtvilddanpyelekfileqgadilvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhalsgyvgslnfakeidltinspvwdyv
>Pelosinus_sp._UFO1  coded_by=complement(2976019..2977485),organism=Pelosinus sp. UFO1,definition=oxidoreductase/nitrogenase component 1
mainlqsseaptrenrlgsitgyqgtirdlvaqgscgslknkercfsqasacssgcaqfylsaildaaivihgpvgcaadtiaantnrkwgekirnwkhtnvniintnmveedtvfgavgklkvavreayrrfnpkaifvttscvsgiigedvksvldelqeeipvplapvfcegfrskvwasgfdaalhaivtaivkppqqknnkvnminftgsarkeitatlarfglepvfivpfstieqlskisesaatisicgtlgsylgnaleeqygvpyiqtlqphgiagmdswlrglgvatgkeveveayiseekekvaadlaevrgklegykavvgmgpsfghnyirtlqelgveviwgstwhfdpqhdngvspeasqfllsaetdipvsvadqqnfevinllnrlkpdlyigrhggttvwatklgipsimvadefsaygyqglvdfghrlidvltnrnlaknlalhvklpytnwwleqdsftflqedvv
>Martelella_endophytica  coded_by=3401154..3402626,organism=Martelella endophytica,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein subunit alpha
mstmtkeetealiqevleiypekarkdrakhlmvndqsleksnkcitsnrksqpgmmtirgcsyagskgvvwgpvkdmvhvshgpvgcgqysragrrnyyvgstgvdtfgtmnftsdfqekdivfggdkklekildeidmlfplakgisvqsecpigligddieavskkkseelskpivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandairdwvidpaadkpfestpydvailgdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgtlaementpkaklnllhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgvpwmeynffgptkiaeslraiaqhfddrikdgaerviakyeaewtavvekyrprlqgkrvmlyvgglrprhiigayedlgmevvgtgyefghnddydrtipemnnatliydditgyefeefvkrvkpdligsgvkekyifqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpcwdnmtppwkrgsepvamaae
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_149_str._67H29BP  coded_by=complement(35876..37183),organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 149 str. 67H29BP,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
mgievkragvrraqcscsmpavwwalsyargalvifhsprscahvvrekdvgtfhrmvgaetyappspvplltsgigendavfgaverlracvryaaekyhpravfiggscvsgiigddtraaaegmeaelglpiiaiptggflddvsfdgylsvgrvlverfmqppketrrgtvvflgdygglysayvqelkrllegiglhlagqfptympldemqavpeaellvvlgsamsdekqemlisfaqeiharfgtpyfadafagsaeetahwlraiaaccgrtaaaekvierekkafdrvlvraremlngrrtvlvvgrelhwlqpeillrliekagvrlagiilldlftaeqrtgvedglhqctdapildaddptseellhavdfaftthelvdvqlrqillgklptvgwamerqliedmehvlyrhierggliyg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lor5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lor5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrvkhlnvheagksdcgvksnlksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidtfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklnklidevqelfplnngitlqsecpvgligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdksgpdskprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>cyanobacterium_endosymbiont_of_Rhopalodia_gibba  coded_by=9010..10446,organism=cyanobacterium endosymbiont of Rhopalodia gibba,definition=nitrogen fixation protein D
matveenkklikdvlatypektakkrekhlnvyeegkddcgvksnkqslpgvmttrgcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgyyswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmnftsdfqerdivfggdkklskivdeieelfplnggisiqsecpvgligddiesvarakskeigksvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmirdwvfpaadkenaefestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtftemkvtpkvklnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeekygipwleynffgptkiaeslrtiaerfdeniqakaeevikkyqkqcddvlakyrprlegktvmmmvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahgddykrttkyvddatliyddatayefeefvkklkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmalpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwglvgtpwnk
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_BC1  coded_by=complement(3458731..3460260),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum BC1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chains
maitkesiefhgtlselyklakegkiktnlqgshtrpckfwtatkvlsgiknavilthgpsgcaygvkqaykltncrnsgaayepvvstnigeknviyggekelvgalkevdekykpdvifaatscatgiigdnvdeimekmepelnaklmsihcegfsgeyrsgfdlvfkqivklmdkptiesrtementvnivggkmgaertevdtdvkelirlikgmgakvnsviagdctldelkkapsaavncalcldigyaigksmeeefgtpinstilpygiaaterwimgaakylnmeeeaealmkreyaaikdefeeskkflegkiaiieghdavkclsiahmlksdfgmrpiifnfhpwstearqtsidylletgldpeilitkgtlafgkyesmkqtedellaflggidsksvvyfgsslsfpniplvdlnailnrprfgyrgalkvakcintalsyssrprsslfkkivfpedsglasaqaltpklsrdlpdctvyahrrrrgqcmmn
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_700603  coded_by=549582..550955,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae 700603,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgkeilalldepacehnqkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsisagpalnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivdryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddieavcqaaqtatgvpviaidaagfygsknlgnrmagdvmlrqvigqrepapwpdntpfapaqrhdigligefniagefwqvqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtlhraqanmlvcsralinvarglelrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallgdddlcrrtealiareeraaeqalapwreqlrgrkvllytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgdeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytawkarlpfldinqerehayagyqgiitlarqlcltlaspvwpqtharapwr
>Caldicellulosiruptor_saccharolyticus_DSM_8903  coded_by=complement(2611022..2612416),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus DSM 8903,definition=nitrogenase component I, alpha chain
mpfvtldcdkcieergrhtyitdkknpvipvcnvrtvpgdmtergcafagargvvggpvkdviqivhgpvgcayytwssrrhlsdsefhrkycfstdmqekdivfggekklynaiieanqefpeakavfiyatcptaligddleavakkaskaigkpviafnspgfcgvsqskghhianhtifekivgtkeledptpydvniigeynidgdywvleklftkiglriitaftgnasydnlckmhhaklnivhcqrsatyiarlmkekygtpfirvtlfgitetinslreigeffgiqkkveevieeelesimprlqfyreklrgkramiyvgaprvwhwiplmrdlgievvacattfgheddyekinaraddgvlvidnpneleleeviqkykpdifltglkekylahklgvpslnshsyengpyvafeglvnfardlykslyapvwnfigerwsakwqpnwltl
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0005  coded_by=complement(11417..12835),organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0005,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkltkgkindlltqpgcehnqnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekrlykaisklvkkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqaatnkygtpvipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepkyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkaginvlakitgdaryeevcyshraklnvmicskalinmatamkesynipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaqffgdqalierveqiieeetvklnvalapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrviektnadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwkqvrkpspwelwqqehesllnleaege
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0402  coded_by=15333..16751,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0402,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkltkgkindlltqpgcehnqnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekrlykaisklvkkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqaatnkygtpvipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepkyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkaginvlakitgdaryeevcyshraklnvmicskalinmatamkesynipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaqffgdqalierveqiieeetvklnvalapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrviektnadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwkqvrkpspwelwqqehesllnleaege
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0003  coded_by=13650..15068,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0003,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
mkltkgkindlltqpgcehnqnkegqgknksctqtanpgsaqggcafdgasialvpitdaahlvhgpigcsgnswnsrgslssgpmtykmgfttdlsendiifggekrlykaisklvkkynpaavfvystcvtaligddldavcqaatnkygtpvipvhapgfvgsknlgnrlggealldhvvgtkepkyttaydinligeynvagemwgvlplfkkaginvlakitgdaryeevcyshraklnvmicskalinmatamkesynipyieesfygiadmnrclrniaqffgdqalierveqiieeetvklnvalapyrerlkgkrmvlytggvkswsivsaaqdlgmevvatstkksteedkgrikkllgkdgimlekgspeellrviektnadllvaggrnqytalkakipfldinqerhhpyagyiglvemarelseavyspiwkqvrkpspwelwqqehesllnleaege
>Thiocapsa_marina_5811  coded_by=complement(4009..5361),organism=Thiocapsa marina 5811,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msskpkikellvesacehstdkkgscnapkpgattggcaldgaqialfpfadaahlvhgpmscvggawetrltptswsgrdltqtgfatdintndvvfggekklaaaidhiiaqyapeavfvystcvtaltgddldaackqgterhgipcvpvhapgfvgaknlgsriageavlrhligtkepeestpfdinligehnntgelwryrhlleelgirvlstfsgdgriseirtahraklnvivcakslvsmtrkmqerygipwiscsfygmtdtsnsilaiaealddadliertrrlvareearleeklipyreifsgkkavlntggnkswsiasalqdlgievvatsvrksteedkakarkylgenavlmtepasqqakvidetgahlllaggrslytaikkriaftdvnqekkksyggydgllvlaedlknslqnpvfelvdrkapwqk
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=complement(4395..5912),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
msyyeqnipptreqrltigdsfsgcgkelldcaqsgcmlqknrkfwqagacqmqlslmmaatvensviimhgpvgcgstlhslgpaankgkakrgkkpqalvwlttnlqesdvigggekklretveyadktfrpeiifvvstctpsiigddveevvrqtqkgvaahlvsihcpgfrtrvvataydsfyhgllkhlpleplpgedfislkenepgyelaiqnfayrknrtvnlfnatsigpadeeelvrllkalnlnvqvyteysslaeyrkmsqaalnismcnvhddyllaylkdkyglpyviqgmpigtkavrkwllavaehfgleekanrladqeekqvnealqpflpalkgqrvlisggvvrvaeeakvlkdlglevigvrayhydngaepvygsladelpevhvsvsnqlfelanqiaryqpdlviahsgtqgwvakmgvpaiqlfdvdrayfgyrglfslvkriafafentslprrlaqhvslpykkewyekdpfsylkg
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense  coded_by=complement(4563053..4564570),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense,definition=Oxidoreductase, nitrogenase component 1
msyyeqnipptreqrltigdsfsgcgkelldcaqsgcmlqknrkfwqagacqmqlslmmaatvensviimhgpvgcgstlhslgpaankgkakrgkkpqalvwlttnlqesdvigggekklretveyadktfrpeiifvvstctpsiigddveevvrqtqkgvaahlvsihcpgfrtrvvataydsfyhgllkhlpleplpgedfislkenepgyelaiqnfayrknrtvnlfnatsigpadeeelvrllkalnlnvqvyteysslaeyrkmsqaalnismcnvhddyllaylkdkyglpyviqgmpigtkavrkwllavaehfgleekanrladqeekqvnealqpflpalkgqrvlisggvvrvaeeakvlkdlglevigvrayhydngaepvygsladelpevhvsvsnqlfelanqiaryqpdlviahsgtqgwvakmgvpaiqlfdvdrayfgyrglfslvkriafafentslprrlaqhvslpykkewyekdpfsylkg
>Clostridium_intestinale_URNW  coded_by=complement(72860..74209),organism=Clostridium intestinale URNW,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meakpiseilderkdfifckegdhgnsmkcdsesvsgsvsqrscvycgarvvlnpitdafhivhgpigcasytwdirgslssgeelyrnsfstdlkekdvifggekklagaiegimknhspktifvyatcivgvigddveavckqaeqkygipvipvmspgfaghksmgyktacnalmnligrtkspkikgvnilgdfnlsgemwiiknylnnlginvvsqitgdakceelqkadgaslnivqcagsmtylakrmekemgvpfikvsfmgiedtmislinvanalgdkeiikrtlafvekeranlgnvlekyrknlegkkaaiyvgggfkaislikqfeelgmetvmvgtqtgkkddyevignlvkpgtvilddanpyelekfmnekgadvlvggvkerplayklgiafcdhnherkhplagfegavnfakeinltinspvwkytkvgv
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=1149475..1150872,organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meesctlpraataciaerqdsiqtagksrtrihcaddslagsvsqracvfcgarvvlnpvtdavhlihgpvgcatytmdirgslssgselfrtsfstdmkekdvifggekklaacidevvekyhppavfvyatcvsgmigddivavckaasarhntdiipvessgfisgnkvvgyraaaeallrlirpkeggtiektqkinflgeynlggekwlaerylreigieinvaftgdstvaalkrapsaclnlvqctgsmhwvaqnlertfgtpymdvnffgpentaeslrriaafyddtammeraealiaremarirpaiekyrarlrgkraaiyvggaykaiaiirqlrglgmeialtgtqtgkadeyesmsrilsegtiiiddanpaelekfllekhvdvmiggvkervlayklgigfvdhnhdrkdglagfegavrfarevyvttcspvwerarspapggeahar
>Selenomonas_infelix_ATCC_43532  coded_by=44360..45613,organism=Selenomonas infelix ATCC 43532,definition=hypothetical protein
mpavwwalsyargalvifhsprscahvvrekdvgsfhrlvgagtyappspvplltsgiaegdavfgaaerlraciryaaekyhphavfiggscvsgiigddtravaeemeeeldlpvvavptsgfldnesfdgylsvarvltdrfmhppaqvrqgtvaflgdyggfyssyvqelkrllagiglqltvqfptytpldeiqavseaellivlgssmsdekqemlvafaeelhtrfgtpyfaeafaggaeetahwlrcigvqcgrtseaeevirreeeafervlvrarkmldgrrtvlvvgrelhwlqpeillhliekagvclagiillalfteeqrttveeglrqctdvpilavedsaseellravdfvftthelvdvglrqillgklptvgwamerqliedmehvlyrhtdrggliyg
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_10-5250  coded_by=331995..333446,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca 10-5250,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mmtnatgernlaliqevlevfpetarkerrkhmmvsdpemesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcayagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpvgcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklsklieemellfpltkgitiqsecpvgligddisavantsskaldkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvvrdwilnnregqpfettpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyiarhmeekhqipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryegqmaaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvkalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawneltapwlksa
>Methanosarcina_mazei_LYC  coded_by=complement(692080..693687),organism=Methanosarcina mazei LYC,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
miektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacnalkqlikrpekktvekkseirseskkpdikhskiekmeikkpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialretaeyfgseemkkkaekileaetnrimpeisrvresikgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlnpeplepkktmvesgqekatikeevsekpyskkckglapkpeflhsgqdavvesev
>Methanosarcina_mazei_S-6  coded_by=complement(714441..716048),organism=Methanosarcina mazei S-6,definition=Nitrogenase FeMo-cofactor scaffold and assembly protein NifE
miektgivdtleerqpyitrkqekgqeiplacdnnslagaisqracvysgarvvlnpvtdavhlvhgpigcagytwdirgakssgvetnrssfstdmkeidvvfggekklsnaidelagiyrppvifvystcivgiigddleavcktaskkhnipvipvksegfkgnksdgykaacnalkqlikrpekktvekkseirseskkpdikhskiekmeikkpkinilgdfnvagdvwlvkplfekmgievivsmtgdstaesisraaeadlnlvqcsgsmtylakwmqqeygipyqtvsffgiedisialretaeyfgseemkkkaekileaetnrimpeisrvresikgkkaaiymggpakaltlikgfaelgmevviigtqtgkkedyeqisysvrdgtvivddanpleladllvkqkadlmvagvkerfiayklgvafcdfnhdrvvefegfdgfvnfakevdasinspvwkavrqrtlnpeplepkktmvesgqekatikeevsekpyskkckglapkpeflhsgqdavvesev
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._mimosae_str._IE4771  coded_by=201798..203288,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. mimosae str. IE4771,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mpslkakiqdvfeepgceknrskdskarksgcskplipgaaaggcafdgakivlqpvtdvahlihgplacegnswdnrgsassgpmlwrtsfttdltetevvmghgerklfkaireikeayappaifvystcvtaltgddieavckraaekfclpvvpvnapgfagsknlgnklagealldhvigtvepndvtaydiniigefnlsgefwlvkplldrlgirvracipgdaryldiasahrakasmlvcstalinlarkmeelwdipffegsfygitdtsealrqiagllvtqgadpeilertealiaeeeaiawrklaayrprlkgkrvflntggvkswsivqalmevgieivgtsvkkstpedkerikqllkdenhvfesmaprelynmlvddkadimlsggrtqfialkaktpwldinqerhhpyagydgmvelvhqidlaihnpiwtevrepppwdcqpaveeevtntqsenetgyafqksagsvagsfgkr
>Dialister_succinatiphilus_YIT_11850  coded_by=42298..43593,organism=Dialister succinatiphilus YIT 11850,definition=hypothetical protein
mavktkwllssdcpssctmtgvwravaydqgcvvifhspagcahvastmdlgnhyritadgcpekgdpvplissnlrekdsifggierlheciayavktchpeclviasscvagvigddvdeeareaeetygipvlsmafsgflggeysdgyyktmdaimhrffkkqdhkkgkvlllgdqmgpegqyarevkrllsffgltvdfqfpgyvpfskwsqvteaslsvllgtagqpegmkeralwlerefgisflgdlyplglegtwswirrladfmkekdkgealireemervekrvsaflpvtegkkafiaigrgrrwyhpsgtiqslqrlhmepagvmffsnlteedmaadreeisalgdipvyheeegqkametadvllttneiydsslrqlfipmvplagtegelafltslyrllcrhgrkggmtyvkm
>Dethiobacter_alkaliphilus_AHT_1  coded_by=complement(6788..8404),organism=Dethiobacter alkaliphilus AHT 1,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
mafreqdldalmyeypakvkrnrkkhilvrdtsqqkqeieantrtipgiitnrgcafagckgvvlgplkdmvhivhgpvgcgyyswltrrnkartdeggknfieycvttdmqesdivfggekklaqlidevvetlkpnaisvsatcpvgligddinavskaaqqkhhipvlsfscegyrgvsqsaghhiannglmehvigdsdseeapgkyainmlgeyniggdsweierileeigytlvsvmtgnssyeelreahtaelnlvqchrsinyiaemlekkygtpwlkvnfigiestveslrdmalyfddpaltqkteeviarelarvepvmeqykkicndktafcfvggsrghhyqklfkelgietilagyefahrddyegrevipdikmdadnrnipeikvekderrfrlkippermeelkdkiplsnypgmipdmkdghivvddlnhfeteefirilkpdifasgikdkyvvqkmgipskqlhsydysgpyagfngairfakdvadgfttptwnfinppwqnepllsgtveegehtc
>[Clostridium]_stercorarium_subsp._stercorarium_DSM_8532  coded_by=2152363..2153838,organism=[Clostridium] stercorarium subsp. stercorarium DSM 8532,definition=molybdenum-iron nitrogenase alpha subunit
mtginlsipevqireirinsitgyhgdaeelvragktglkdrdrsfsqcmgcatskaacmtiliqdaavishgplgcasclhefaftyrvnspirdlknptrryifstnlqerdtiyggsaklarairevysrtranaifvlttcalaiigddvesvcveaeeelgipviavfcegfrskvwttgfdaayhaiarklikkplrrrsdlinvinfwgsdvfaewfapfgakpnyitpystveslesageatatvqacstlgsylgavleqefgvpeipaappygiaqtdrwfralgkilgkediaekviaekkkkylprieelrrelsgktayvtagaahghalldvlgelglnavgaaifhhdpvydskrpendqlaqrvsdygnvpnynvcnrqeselvnalnrirpdvllarhggmtlwgaklgiptllvgdehfsmgyeglvnygerlleaiendefvknlrkhavipytkwwleqptdyfleggpgl
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=complement(166131..167714),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein subunit alpha
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmaergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepeylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffgiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkrvclwpggsklwhwahvleeemgvkivsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyapmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtarmnadltvsdavkfsevlheytgkydsiaevrarnqayaaeqkalrdavqpaae
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=19073..20656,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase iron-iron protein subunit alpha
mpyhefevskciperrehavmkaagedltsclpkgylntipgtisergcaycgakhvigtpmkdvihishgpngctydtwqtkryisdndnfqlkytfatdvkekhvvfgaegllkksmheafdafpnikrmtvyqtcttaligddvdaiakevmaergdvdvfvcnspgfagpsqsgghhkiniawlnqkvgtvepeylgehvinyvgeyniqgdqevmidyfnrmgiqvlstftgngsydslrmmhrahlnvlecarsaeyicdelrvrygiprldidgfgfeplanslrkvalffgiedkaeaiiaeeyakwkpqldwykerlkgkrvclwpggsklwhwahvleeemgvkivsvytkfghqgdmekgvsrcgegalaiddpnelesveaiemlkpdiiftgkrpgefvkkhgvpylnahayhngpykgfegwvrfardiynaiyapmrqlaaldisapdaaitsgfrtarmnadltvsdavkfsevlheytgkydsiaevrarnqayaaeqkalrdavqpaae
>Desulfovibrio_magneticus_str._Maddingley_MBC34  coded_by=1892..3277,organism=Desulfovibrio magneticus str. Maddingley MBC34,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
meqaifeerrdqihrtgegpfelacnrdslagavsqracvfcgsrvvlypiadalhlvhgpigcavytwdirgalssgpelhrlsfstdlqekdvifggekklkaallelierhkpkaafvyatcivgiigddvaavcrdvaektgipvipvqsegfkgnkregytaackamftltgtgdisdispisinilgdfnlageiwiirdyfkrmgvetvanitgdgrvddirrahgaalnvvqcsgatmelakmmqdkygipfirasylgiedmadslyavaehfkdrdpgimeraqqvvreelsvllpqlgqyrkdlegkkvaiyvggafkafslikafrhlgmkvvlvgsqtgtkedyeelaaicdpgtvivddsnplelskfvkeldvdlfvggvkerpiahklgvgfcdhnherkealegfvgmlnfarevhasatspiwrfvprreamakaeaakkeai
>Clostridium_sp._Maddingley_MBC34-26  coded_by=complement(11496..12794),organism=Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein, alpha and beta chain
makildqprykcalaamqtvqsipgaipvlhagpgcgaklgggagnsghfshnifpctnisekevvfggetklrdivenslkvidaelyvvltsctsevigddaeeiarsfrsegkpvifastpgfkgnnylghewvidaiidqylepsdekekglvniwagiplhdpfwlgnlreleklveelglipntifghdrgienlnkvpkaefnllvspwlglsnvknlerkfgtpylhypvlpvgatetskflkavgdfagiekekieriiekhereyyyyierfadvfletrvmskrfvvvsdsqyslaltkflvndlglfpakqfiiddapekyrkniegyfkelnygieaeiefsvdgykihneirntdyhgyplilgsswekkvakdtdghylsiswpinerlvinssyvgyagglkvlediysvvltrfn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DpLT2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DpLT2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._abh10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. abh10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._abw9  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. abw9,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._abs7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. abs7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._abh7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. abh7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rp3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rp3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._th.b2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. th.b2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._jwc91-2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. jwc91-2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._onl92.10  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. onl92.10,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._onl92.6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. onl92.6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DesT1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DesT1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._jws91-2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. jws91-2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._bfs1b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. bfs1b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dr7L.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dr7L.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dr7L.1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dr7L.1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxwy4a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxwy4a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxwy3a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxwy3a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxwy1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxwy1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgfp3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgfp3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxfp2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxfp2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxfp8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxfp8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxww2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxww2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxjj1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxjj1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drjj7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drjj7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drjj2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drjj2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpct1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpct1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpct2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpct2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._drwr1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. drwr1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgsk5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgsk5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgsk2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgsk2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpsk3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpsk3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpsk2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpsk2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgjj4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgjj4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgjj3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgjj3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnjj5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnjj5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnjj3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnjj3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgvo5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgvo5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgvo2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgvo2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnvo3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnvo3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnvo1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnvo1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgkt5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgkt5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnkt2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnkt2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnkt1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnkt1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxkt4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxkt4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxkt1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxkt1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxkt2b  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxkt2b,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hge4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hge4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hge3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hge3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcdr5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcdr5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dcdr3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dcdr3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dccr5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dccr5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dccr4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dccr4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgby5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgby5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgby2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgby2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnmp1a  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnmp1a,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgmp6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgmp6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgmp5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgmp5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgsb3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgsb3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgsb1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgsb1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hghg4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hghg4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hghg1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hghg1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgen4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgen4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgen3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgen3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnen3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnen3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnen2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnen2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dxen2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dxen2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgc4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgc4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgc1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgc1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hnsr5  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hnsr5,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgsr6  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgsr6,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgsr1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgsr1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hncv4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hncv4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgt8.4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgt8.4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgt8.2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgt8.2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgti3  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgti3,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hgti2  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hgti2,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpti7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpti7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hna1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hna1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hga8  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hga8,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._hga4  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. hga4,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._desb7  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. desb7,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DesB1  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DesB1,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkvldeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifdkfepdgkpkfestpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_KCTC_1686  coded_by=5371464..5372837,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca KCTC 1686,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviamdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqtaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(32619..33992),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviamdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqtaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(32619..33992),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviamdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqtaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=5460692..5462065,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviamdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqtaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_HKOPL1  coded_by=complement(2673272..2674645),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca HKOPL1,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviamdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqtaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_KONIH1  coded_by=4025278..4026651,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca KONIH1,definition=nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
mkgneilalldepacehnhkqksgcsapkpgataggcafdgaqitllpiadvahlvhgpigcagsswdnrgsassgptlnrlgfttdlneqdvimgrgerrlfhavrhivaryhpaavfiyntcvpamegddleavcqaaqtatgvpviamdaagfygsknlgnrlagevmvkrvigqrepapwpestpfapeqrhdigligefniagefwhiqplldelgirvlgslsgdgrfaeiqtmhraqanmlvcsralinvaraleqrygtpwfegsfygiratsdalrqlaallddddlsqrtealiareeqtaelalqpwrerlrgrkallytggvkswsvvsalqdlgmtvvatgtrksteedkqrirelmgeeavmleegnartlldvvyryqadlmiaggrnmytaykarlpfldinqerehafagykgivtlarqlcqtidspiwpqtharapwh
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=924..2426,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=NifD
msldyendgalhaklieevlsqypdkaakrrkkhlsvaksedeageegevlsecdvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpvkdmvhishgpvgcgqyswsqrrnyyvgttgidtfgtmqftsdfqekdivfggdkkleqiideieglfplnngitvqsecpigligddteavsrnkakehgktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandsirdwvfekkdvefeagpydvnvigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvgnwsgdatlaeierapkaklnlihcyrsmnyicrhmeekygvawmeynffgpsqieaslrkiakhfgpeieektekviakyrplvdaviakyrprlegntvmlyvgglrprhvitayedlgmvivgtgyefahnddyqrtghyvkngtliyddvtgyelekfiegvrpnlvgsgikekypvqkmgipfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardvdlainnpvwglyqapwktspsrgramaae
>Polaromonas_naphthalenivorans_CJ2  coded_by=complement(2459297..2460805),organism=Polaromonas naphthalenivorans CJ2,definition=nitrogenase MoFe cofactor biosynthesis protein NifE
msvslkakiaevfeepgcdknqgktekerkkgctkqlnpgaaaggcafdgakialqpvvdvahlvhgpiacegnswdnrhsassgsqlyrtgfttdineldviyggekrlfksireiidkydppavfvyqtcvtalvgddieavcqratekfgkpiipvnapgfagpknlgnklgaealldyvigtvepefttpydiniigeynlvgelwqvkplldalgirilscisgdgrynevasahrakvnmmvcsksminiatkmeqrwgipyfegsfygigdmsdtlrqiatllvkqgapadllerterliaveearaweriahyktrltgkrallitggvkswsvvaalqeagieiagtsvkkstkedkekikeimgddahmiddmtpremynmlrdaradimlsggrsqfvalkarmpwldinqerhhpyggyegmvelvreidraiynpvwqqvripapwgddgetlgavptaaipevpaqgmgfladiaakamglepeeipv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._M16  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. M16,definition=nitrogenase alpha subunit
rfypektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklhkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyggktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifghiegdgkpkfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeekfgip
>Methanosarcina_barkeri  coded_by=1..1398,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri,definition=putative vanadium dinitrogenase alpha subunit
mplklfccdeciperqnhvyikeegedttqclplsnietipgslsergcsycgaklviggvikdciqmihgpvgcaydtwhtkrypsdndnfqlkyvwssdtkekhivfgaekqlkkaikeafkefpkikrmfvyttcttaligddpkavcreveeelgdvdifvvecpgfagvsqskghhelnigwmrdkigtlepeikseytinvigdyniqgdtyvlqrysdkmgiqviahftgnvtydqlrcmhraklnvvncarsagyianelkrvydiprmdvdtwgfdyikaalrkigaffgledkaeeviadevakyegklnwykerlkgkkvciwtggprlwhwtkaleddlgmevvamsskfghqedfekviargrvgtiyiddgneleffevldnihadiiftgprvgdlvkklhipyinghayhngpymgfegavnmardmyngiyspmwslagkdprvvqel
>Nostoc_sp._1189P  coded_by=555..2066,organism=Nostoc sp. 1189P,definition=NifD
mtppenqniieerkelikevlsaypekaakkrekhlsvyeegksdcgvksnikslpgvmtargcayagskgvvwgpikdmihishgpvgcgywswsgrrnyyigttgidtfgtmhftsdfqerdivfggdkklvkliqeldvlfplnrgvsiqsecpigligddieavarktskeigkpvvpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandmvrdwvftrsdqakkdgtlkfegtpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleeiglrvvaqwsgdgtinemlmtpnvkmnlihcyrsmnyisrhmeeaygipwleynffgptkiaeslreiaskfdetiqanaekviakyqptmdavvakyrprldgktvaimvgglrprhvvpafqdlgmkmigtgyefahnddykrtthyiengtivyddvtayefeefikalkpdlvasgvkekyvfqkmglpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdlalnsptwsligapwnekaqakkaeakakaav
>Enterobacter_sp._R4-368  coded_by=554164..555612,organism=Enterobacter sp. R4-368,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein alpha chain
msnatgernleiieqvlevfpektrkerrkhmmvtdpeqesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcsyagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklieelevlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanasrkainkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvlenregkpfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvnalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawgqltapwlksa
>Enterobacter_sp._R4-368  coded_by=4833..6281,organism=Enterobacter sp. R4-368,definition=NifD
msnatgernleiieqvlevfpektrkerrkhmmvtdpeqesvgkciisnrksqpgvmtvrgcsyagskgvvfgpikdmahishgpigcgqysragrrnyytgvsgvdsfgtlnftsdfqerdivfggdkklaklieelevlfpltkgisiqsecpvgligddieavanasrkainkpvipvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandvirdwvlenregkpfestpydvaiigdyniggdawasrilleemglrvvaqwsgdgtlvementpfvklnlvhcyrsmnyisrhmeekhgipwmeynffgptkiaeslrkiadqfddtiranaeaviaryqaqndaiiakyrprlegrkvllymgglrprhvigayedlgmeiiaagyefahnddydrtlpdlkegtllfddassyeleafvnalkpdligsgikekyifqkmgvpfrqmhswdysgpyhgydgfaifardmdmtlnnpawgqltapwlksa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._mg1.11  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. mg1.11,definition=dinitrogenase alpha subunit
pektakrrakhlnvhqagksdcgvksniksipgvmtirgcayagskgvvwgpikdmvhishgpvgcgqyswgsrrnyyvgttgidsfvtlqftsdfqekdivfggdkklvkildeiqelfplnngitiqsecpigligddieavsrakskeyegktivpvrcegfrgvsqslghhiandavrdwifgqldadekprfeptpydvaiigdyniggdawssrilleemglrviaqwsgdgslaeleatpkaklnilhcyrsmnyisrhmeeklgip
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=1056888..1058252,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mrrirvaetkinkksstivhphyacavggaytavaikngvpiancgpgcmykqyffmgfengfqgststgggnvasvnvgendivfggekklddliksvlaiyngelfvvaigctgeligddvgaivkkyreagypivhadtagfkgsnligheivveaiidqfvgdykgekkkglinlwfetpffntnwrgdyleivrilknvgfevnvlfgpqsggtkewkeipkaqfnlvispwvgvniakhlekkydqpylhipvipigeeattafirqlieyagidakkseafiaeeaelyyyfldsfshffaeywyglpsrfavvgdsayalaytkflsdqiglipvkqiitdnppeqfrekiskefrnlsegvsveveyiedgylaerslseadfgsgvplilgstwesdvareknallieidppssetvvlnrchigyrgalqlieriytstvggk
