>Amorphomonas_oryzae  coded_by=<1..>764,organism=Amorphomonas oryzae,definition=nitrogenase reductionase
taraasgkwttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlslaaqegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkqtvieyapnsqqaqeyrqlaekihnnsgkgtipphhpw
>Rhizobium_gallicum_bv._gallicum  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Rhizobium gallicum bv. gallicum,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptp
>Frankia_sp._D11  coded_by=<1..>532,organism=Frankia sp. D11,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
vgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfipr
>Eubacterium_limosum_KIST612  coded_by=1619471..1620340,organism=Eubacterium limosum KIST612,definition=putative nitrogenase subunit nifH
mgeimeksskriafygkggigkstiaanvsaafakmgkrvlhigcdpkadstrclmkkriptviqrlnekgeqvttqdilftsetgvacveaggpeagigcagmgiattletleklgifeagwdlitydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkkcvdqvyivtsselmslyaannimksivrysagtqplfgglihnrarpgtdhqvvecfgsktgspitasvcqsdtlrladyrrttvfeqregevlqksfmalakaiasqkgklwpkplsdadmdnlgetlyqlekedrhgrssc
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=2226184..2227173,organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
malklraeaaleaeaaleaeaapaaaptkatqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiletssrkklagaqveigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsavdyfrrlggnvgvaglvinkddhtgeaqafaksvgipvlasipadddirrksasyeiigrpggqwasvfeelarniaeappvrpspltqdgllelfsgdavgrgvvlqsasatdmmgaarlekksleiiydav
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7425  coded_by=2308996..2309892,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7425,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msdekirqiafygkggigksttsqntiaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdrelelietlakrlntqmlhfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyrvlaqkiidnknlaiptpitmdeledllvefgilggeeeyqkaisqdqgkqlttv
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ORS_3356  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ORS 3356,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
asmlrpvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvyyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansrpgtsrph
>Aneura_mirabilis  coded_by=complement(98598..99476),organism=Aneura mirabilis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mntkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyenvwpedviyggyggvncveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvesqstlkyvcefylniadqvlsepegivpkeipdrelfsllsdfylnpvggtsgkrnqedlidftmv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>471,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqntvaalvemgkkvmvvgcdpkadststrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvgdleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaaiaeaeqkvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhekaqntimalaaeaggvedleleqvmkmgygstkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytddlnyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=8623..9504,organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyassgsvrlaglicnsrntaredelimelarqlgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqaqeyrdlatkiinnkmfviptpitmealedllmdfglmdgedesiigktaaeevaa
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=3977040..3977921,organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyassgsvrlaglicnsrntaredelimelarqlgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqaqeyrdlatkiinnkmfviptpitmealedllmdfglmdgedesiigktaaeevaa
>Frankia_sp._NRRLB-16386  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. NRRLB-16386,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrl
>Teredinibacter_turnerae_T7901  coded_by=1597309..1598187,organism=Teredinibacter turnerae T7901,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrntdredeliialaerlgtqmihfiprdnvvqraeirrmtcieydpaakqsdeyrelaqkiisneklviptpvtmdeleellmdfgileeedesvigktaaelea
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=61..882,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=Clostridium pasteurianum nifH4 gene (nifH1-like sequence)
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkktvidfdpkseqadeyrelarkidenelfvipkpmtqerleeilvqyglndl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=86465..87286,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkktvidfdpkseqadeyrelarkidenelfvipkpmtqerleeilvqyglndl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=4156364..4157185,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkktvidfdpkseqadeyrelarkidenelfvipkpmtqerleeilvqyglndl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3620193..3621014),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkktvidfdpkseqadeyrelarkidenelfvipkpmtqerleeilvqyglndl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(3619985..3620806),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkktvidfdpkseqadeyrelarkidenelfvipkpmtqerleeilvqyglndl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=353849..354670,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkktvidfdpkseqadeyrelarkidenelfvipkpmtqerleeilvqyglndl
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=complement(21561..22388),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntagamahfydqkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmnqktlmdmlrdegeekitvekvvkdgylgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggvicnsrkvdkerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydaecnqaleygelarkiienknfvipkplsmdeleamvvkygiad
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=36995..37822,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntagamahfydqkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmnqktlmdmlrdegeekitvekvvkdgylgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggvicnsrkvdkerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydaecnqaleygelarkiienknfvipkplsmdeleamvvkygiad
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=24211..25038,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntagamahfydqkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmnqktlmdmlrdegeekitvekvvkdgylgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggvicnsrkvdkerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydaecnqaleygelarkiienknfvipkplsmdeleamvvkygiad
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=39840..40667,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntagamahfydqkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmnqktlmdmlrdegeekitvekvvkdgylgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggvicnsrkvdkerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydaecnqaleygelarkiienknfvipkplsmdeleamvvkygiad
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=1239955..1240782,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntagamahfydqkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmnqktlmdmlrdegeekitvekvvkdgylgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggvicnsrkvdkerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydaecnqaleygelarkiienknfvipkplsmdeleamvvkygiad
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmdel
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=complement(1713396..1714283),organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdredelimnlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkiinndkltiptpmemdeleallieyglldddtkhseiigkpaeatk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6077  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6077,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlankvhkngg
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=5326926..5327816,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
midnirqiafygkggigksttsqntiaglaemgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleldevlltgyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrnvdreveliealaerlntqmihfvprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieyatehpqaneyrtlakkikentkltiptpismdeleellvefgilggeeeyqkaiaqdagkavvv
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY430  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY430,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhae
>Chamaecyparis_lawsoniana  coded_by=440..1312,organism=Chamaecyparis lawsoniana,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinqyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Chamaecyparis_obtusa  coded_by=380..1252,organism=Chamaecyparis obtusa,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinqyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntiaglaelgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevllngykdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfavpiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=675746..676570,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaamahfhnkkifihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdvlreqgaekvtnekvikvgfkdihcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmetngaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickgllkfakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdrerefideftaaigthmihfvprdnvvqraefnkktvteydpsdnqaneyselarkiienknfvipkpltmdelekmvvkyglgd
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=327205..328029,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaamahfhnkkifihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdvlreqgaekvtnekvikvgfkdihcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmetngaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickgllkfakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdrerefideftaaigthmihfvprdnvvqraefnkktvteydpsdnqaneyselarkiienknfvipkpltmdelekmvvkyglgd
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntiagfaevgqrilivgcdpkadsmrlilhskaqttilhlaaergavedleldevvlkgfrdikcvesggpdrgvgcagrgiimaikfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkahdiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedvdladvrssgygrtlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydkdeeldyvfydvlgdvvcsgfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqstvmdlvrergtvedleledvlkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-10  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-10,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgtqlihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpis
>Rhizobium_sp._FB9071  coded_by=<1..>749,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB9071,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpitmee
>Chlamydomonas_moewusii  coded_by=1..870,organism=Chlamydomonas moewusii,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mnlavygkggigksttscnisialakrgktvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyegyagvnsveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeyevilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvhekarthqlriaglvgnrttkrdliekyveacpmpviellplieeirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyicdyylniadhlltepegviprelgdrelftllsdfylsatdssvndkkeasldfffv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaxeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_25374  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 25374,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhknggkgiiptpism
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17025  coded_by=complement(2078843..2079844),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17025,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtdaptlkefdqrlrdeaaeeptlevpqgepkkktqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqlgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsakkklageevkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvtnnvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaqafakavnipilatipadeelrrksanyqivaipdtkwgplfeglanavgealpirpkpltqdglldlftpeavgadfvldpatdadmrgknfapkkslevvydda
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>455,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH
ggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdkqmfa
>Schizomeris_leibleinii  coded_by=complement(178119..178985),organism=Schizomeris leibleinii,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyenvwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglianrttkrdlidkyvqacpipvlevlplledirvsrvkgktlfemaesevslnyvcdfylniadqlltepegvvprelgdrelftllsdfylnidsqvsveskekfdfflv
>Anabaena_sp._L-31  coded_by=564..1448,organism=Anabaena sp. L-31,definition=dinitrogenase reductase alpha-subunit
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdreaelienlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkiinndkltiptpiemdeleallieygildddtkhaeiigkpanak
>Methanosphaerula_palustris_E1-9c  coded_by=complement(553810..554640),organism=Methanosphaerula palustris E1-9c,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeqgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddieldeilkpgyrdtlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgihkyavsgkvrlggiicnsrqvdneypllkafaeelgsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvidfepesnqaeeyrqlakaidenrmfvipkpmtqdrleelmmqhgfmdalv
>Paenibacillus_massiliensis  coded_by=3096..3962,organism=Paenibacillus massiliensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkfnqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaergtvedleltdvvqqgfgsilnvecggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayegldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyansggvrlgglicnsrntdreaelimelarrlntqmihflprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehkqaaeyealagkilnndmltvptpitmeeleellmefgiiedeetalnkleasgq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_51515  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 51515,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_51555  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 51555,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Methanothermobacter_thermautotrophicus  coded_by=263..1090,organism=Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus,definition=nitrogenase
mvrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamsyfhgknvmihgcdpkadstrlilggkmqttmmdtlrelgegactpdkvietgfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmerhgvyendldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkaeeiyivasgemmalyaannicrgmvkyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgerelleefcerigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkksviefdpecnqsqeyrelarkiientdfvipepmtmdemedlvvkygvld
>Methanothermobacter_marburgensis_str._Marburg  coded_by=151908..152735,organism=Methanothermobacter marburgensis str. Marburg,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mvrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamsyfhgknvmihgcdpkadstrlilggkmqttmmdtlrelgegactpdkvietgfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmerhgvyendldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkaeeiyivasgemmalyaannicrgmvkyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgerelleefcerigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkksviefdpecnqsqeyrelarkiientdfvipepmtmdemedlvvkygvld
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum_SCRI1043  coded_by=complement(3301757..3302638),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum SCRI1043,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyaktgkvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialaekigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpncsqaneyrqlaqkivantmkvipvpctmdeleellmefgimeeedttiigktaaeenaa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(3265988..3266869),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyaktgkvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialaekigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpncsqaneyrqlaqkivantmkvipvpctmdeleellmefgimeeedttiigktaaeenaa
>Pectobacterium_carotovorum_subsp._carotovorum_UGC32  coded_by=110968..111849,organism=Pectobacterium carotovorum subsp. carotovorum UGC32,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyaktgkvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialaekigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpncsqaneyrqlaqkivantmkvipvpctmdeleellmefgimeeedttiigktaaeenaa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum_ICMP_1526  coded_by=402159..403040,organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum ICMP 1526,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyaktgkvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialaekigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpncsqaneyrqlaqkivantmkvipvpctmdeleellmefgimeeedttiigktaaeenaa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(1312911..1313792),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyaktgkvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialaekigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpncsqaneyrqlaqkivantmkvipvpctmdeleellmefgimeeedttiigktaaeenaa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=complement(3219212..3220093),organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyaktgkvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialaekigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpncsqaneyrqlaqkivantmkvipvpctmdeleellmefgimeeedttiigktaaeenaa
>Pectobacterium_atrosepticum  coded_by=173645..174526,organism=Pectobacterium atrosepticum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyaktgkvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialaekigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpncsqaneyrqlaqkivantmkvipvpctmdeleellmefgimeeedttiigktaaeenaa
>Subdoligranulum_sp._4_3_54A2FAA  coded_by=14433..15296,organism=Subdoligranulum sp. 4_3_54A2FAA,definition=hypothetical protein
maqricflgrggsgkstvaqnlghalalkgyhvllvgndislsstvllrgeadispaledyrehyeidlndyviptpsgvyclelgsidpgvgclargvtlidemldtqgvsnslqldfilydisgetpctgyilpiregvmqrciivtngsfasvttansilqailraagadnfpvqlivnnapcaetkeelasyarratieilasldyckeleysslagktvfdtapdsacaahlravaddlllstiptsltpfprrelvawlrcwqrrelarrlaladteacdg
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=4587848..4588729,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkigfrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkeyelaealakrlgtklihfvprnnvvqhaelrrmtvveydpnsaqaqeyrtlankvhanagngviptpitmdeledllmefgimskedesivgktaaqaaa
>Bacillus_arseniciselenatis  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Bacillus arseniciselenatis,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkygqeimivgcdpkadstrlvlntkaqqtvlslaaekgtvedleleevvlkgfsdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Chlorobium_luteolum_DSM_273  coded_by=212289..213119,organism=Chlorobium luteolum DSM 273,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheeltaedvietgfagidgleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqelglydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaiiiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvklagivanrvdyakgggtnmldqfaekvgtrllakvpyhelirrsrfagktlfamddseegkeeclqpylqiaedllseapmssvpvpigdreifeivggwq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqha
>uncultured_marine_proteobacterium  coded_by=18537..19541,organism=uncultured marine proteobacterium,definition=chlorophyllide reductase, X subunit
mkdevpnlknfdqrlrdeahedislevpqgeptsktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaeqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsgqkkiageevkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgsgeaaafakavdipilaaipqdddlrkksanyqivgtsesqwgalfgqlgeavglappvrptpldqdgllalfdakdtggdyqlvpatdmdmrgkkaapraslevvyddv
>Burkholderia_phymatum  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia phymatum,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdssqagqyralaekihhnggngvvptpitmdqledllmekgimvqvdesqvgktaaelta
>Pinus_attenuata  coded_by=93076..93951,organism=Pinus attenuata,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinqyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_muricata  coded_by=93144..94019,organism=Pinus muricata,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinqyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_radiata  coded_by=93224..94099,organism=Pinus radiata,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinqyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaalvemgqrilivgcepkadstrlmlntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedldvadvvkigyngikctesggpepgvgcagrgvmtainfleefgayddldyvsydvlgdvvcggnampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkflilgchpnadstplillakgqdtihslaaaagcvevleneevkkvgfrdipcdesggpepgvgcaargvntsnnflqenaayedkdyvsydvlgvvvsggyampnrenkaeelyivmsgeimamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Frankia_sp._CmF1  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. CmF1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maalaergnrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqhtviekaaekgsvedleleevllegawnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitfleengayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfvprdnivqhae
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_PA1  coded_by=3059975..3060979,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens PA1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnlqlskaaldaattlrveaaiepdpvvtgavkretqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietstkkklageavaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafadaagipvlasipadddirrksanyeiigkpdgrwgslfadlsqnvadaaphqptplsqdallglfsseatgrnvvlepatiedmcgrtsltkpslevvydev
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf119  coded_by=638697..639701,organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf119,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnlqlskaaldaattlrveaaiepdpvvtgavkretqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietstkkklageavaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafadaagipvlasipadddirrksanyeiigkpdgrwgslfadlsqnvadaaphqptplsqdallglfsseatgrnvvlepatiedmcgrtsltkpslevvydev
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsentiaglaelgerimivgcdpkadsmrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevllngykdvkcvesggpdpgvgcagrgiitaikfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfavpiregkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=38363..39106,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvaaamacmglrvmqigcdpkadstrnltggqsiptvldvlrqkgdamlsdflvegacgvfcveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitafeklaelnafehykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaaanitqavksfgkrgyatlrglilnaknidneeslvaqaasemdtqilyhlprdplvqqaeaqgktvteafssspmavhyqtlaallled
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=complement(288750..289493),organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvaaamacmglrvmqigcdpkadstrnltggqsiptvldvlrqkgdamlsdflvegacgvfcveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitafeklaelnafehykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaaanitqavksfgkrgyatlrglilnaknidneeslvaqaasemdtqilyhlprdplvqqaeaqgktvteafssspmavhyqtlaallled
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(358110..358853),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvaaamacmglrvmqigcdpkadstrnltggqsiptvldvlrqkgdamlsdflvegacgvfcveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitafeklaelnafehykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaaanitqavksfgkrgyatlrglilnaknidneeslvaqaasemdtqilyhlprdplvqqaeaqgktvteafssspmavhyqtlaallled
>Oltmannsiellopsis_viridis  coded_by=65769..66704,organism=Oltmannsiellopsis viridis,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigkstvscnlsialakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedviyagyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanrivasvrekarthplrlaglignrtatrelidkyvevcrmpvlevlplieeirisrvkgktifeleelepnlksigeyylniadqllaqpegivpqeladrdlftllssfylsdqqtekayssiqhvhgsvgegcsaqnseqnqtandysfefi
>Acetobacterium_woodii_DSM_1030  coded_by=complement(913615..914436),organism=Acetobacterium woodii DSM 1030,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH2
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglgimgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegeeieleailkpgfrdimcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmleqlgaytdeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgvqkyattggirlggiicnsrnvdgekelvqafaeelgsqmiyfvprdnmvqraeinkktvlefddtanqaqeyrnlasaidnnkmfvvpkpmhqdrleeilmehgimdi
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=complement(858889..859758),organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaadagsvedleledvlrvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyanaggvrlgglicnerktdkeyelaealakklgtslihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleydpeskqageyralaqkvhankgngviptpitmdeledlllefgimqkedesivgkakva
>Rhizobium_sp._CCNWGS0187  coded_by=<1..>516,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCNWGS0187,definition=NifH
cagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmdeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gvr5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gvr5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapaskqaehyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cmy11  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cmy11,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapaskqaehyrnlat
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>602,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvi
>delta_proteobacterium_MLMS-1  coded_by=complement(37019..37846),organism=delta proteobacterium MLMS-1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglgelgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllggmaqksvldtlreegedveledirkkgyadswcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlealgayeesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivvsgemmamyaanniskgivkfaqsgavrlgglicnsravdneaemieefakklgtkmiffvprhndvqraeinrktviewkpdvsqadayrglakaiddnkelviptpleieelekllmdfgllea
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB18  coded_by=complement(4969184..4970086),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB18,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvpranivqhaelrrqtvieyapdsqqakeyralaekihansgkgtiptpitmeelegmlldfgimktdeqalaelaakeaakaaaeata
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_400  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 400,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqaxh
>Rhizobium_sp._BR6001  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Rhizobium sp. BR6001,definition=Rhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain BR6001
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyrtlaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Burkholderia_sp._SWF67297  coded_by=<1..>653,organism=Burkholderia sp. SWF67297,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhgaysmtvi
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=complement(1848240..1849067),organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=VnfH
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaalahfygkkvfihgcdpkadctrlilgemtqstimdtlreegedsiteeaviktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinlmeelgayspdldfvhfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickgilkyadqggvrlggiicnsrmvdkelelmeefteaigtqlihfiprdnivqkaefnkqtvveydadcnqakeygelarkiienknfvipkplkiidleqmvmkyglld
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=complement(1848114..1848941),organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaalahfygkkvfihgcdpkadctrlilgemtqstimdtlreegedsiteeaviktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinlmeelgayspdldfvhfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickgilkyadqggvrlggiicnsrmvdkelelmeefteaigtqlihfiprdnivqkaefnkqtvveydadcnqakeygelarkiienknfvipkplkiidleqmvmkyglld
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=complement(5486753..5487649),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
malrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyassggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaealakrlnsqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrqtviqyapdsqqakeyrtlaekvhanggkgtiptpitmeeleqmlldfgimktdeqalaelqakeaakaaaasa
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(317813..318709),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH
malrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyassggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaealakrlnsqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrqtviqyapdsqqakeyrtlaekvhanggkgtiptpitmeeleqmlldfgimktdeqalaelqakeaakaaaasa
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=Fe- protein (nitrogenase)
qqntmaamaergnrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqhtviekaaekgsvedleleevllegawnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitfleenrayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfvprdnivqhae
>Mesorhizobium_loti  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium loti,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_sp._TJ171  coded_by=<1..>634,organism=Rhizobium sp. TJ171,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CIAM0210  coded_by=<1..>704,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CIAM0210,definition=nitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigyrgikcvesggpkpgvgcpgrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsynvlgnvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihatga
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqdtvlslaaasgsvedlelemvlktgfrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreydlaealskrlgsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqdtvlslaaasgsvedlelemvlktgfrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreydlaealskrlgsk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>Clostridium_cellulovorans_743B  coded_by=complement(3483977..3484795),organism=Clostridium cellulovorans 743B,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglatmgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedvdldeilkagfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyalsggvrlggiicnsrkvdreldlltafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeinkktviefdpeaaqadeyrqlaaaiennkmfviptpmsqdrleeilmeyglfe
>Rhodopseudomonas_lichen  coded_by=<1..>734,organism=Rhodopseudomonas lichen,definition=reductase of nitrogenase
igksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealakklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrqtviqyapdsqqakeyralankvhancgngtip
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Chlorobium_limicola_DSM_245  coded_by=complement(2432201..2433028),organism=Chlorobium limicola DSM 245,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheeltaddvietgfagidgleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqelglydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaiiiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvklagivanrvdyttgggtnmldqfaekvgtrllakvpyhelirksrfagktlfamedqpgkddclvpyneiadflmqenpaatvpvpigdreifsmvggwq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RS13  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RS13,definition=NifH
gksptsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapksqqadhyrnlatkihnngg
>Stigeoclonium_helveticum  coded_by=complement(213028..213894),organism=Stigeoclonium helveticum,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyenvwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvanrttkrdlidkyvqvcpipvlevlplledirvsrvkgktlfemaesepdlsfvldyylniadqlltepegvvprelgdrelfsllsdfylnienqtsvnktekldfflv
>Mesorhizobium_silamurunense  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Mesorhizobium silamurunense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqklvaalaemgkkimivgcdrkahrlililhakaqntimemaaevgsvedlefedvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvdhldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilrakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvlslaaelgsvedveledvllpgykgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangayedldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvlslaaelgsvedveledvllpgykgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangayedldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmgkrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaargsvedleieevmkygyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>660,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyral
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB18  coded_by=1433674..1434612,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB18,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniltdpaklktagcadtnaskcsegdgegsvqvqldpnlkigtakvfsiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidvlesvnfhseelrpedfvfegyngvmcleaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhseramivaandfdsifaanriaaaiaaksknygvrlggiianrsretdqidkfgertgirriahlpdldvirksrlkkmtlfemdhtdeilavqqeylrlatemlegkeppidgkplkdrdifdllgfd
>Synechococcus_sp._WH_8103  coded_by=1619658..1620548,organism=Synechococcus sp. WH 8103,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase,iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrptdgegsvqvhqdpglniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddedeavqavrseylrlaqnmldkvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>Synechococcus_sp._WH_8102  coded_by=267252..268142,organism=Synechococcus sp. WH 8102,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrptdgegsvqvhqdpglniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddedeavqavrseylrlaqnmldkvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>Dorea_formicigenerans_CAG:28  coded_by=34425..35180,organism=Dorea formicigenerans CAG:28,definition=putative uncharacterized protein
mlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafatmgkrviqigcdpkadstinllegkplrpvmnymreedeepeklediskegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenevqkvqafskesgipivgeiprsneiiryedqgqtviegnseseisgrfydlakkllesee
>Dorea_formicigenerans_4_6_53AFAA  coded_by=6928..7683,organism=Dorea formicigenerans 4_6_53AFAA,definition=hypothetical protein
mlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafatmgkrviqigcdpkadstinllegkplrpvmnymreedeepeklediskegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenevqkvqafskesgipivgeiprsneiiryedqgqtviegnseseisgrfydlakkllesee
>Azospirillum_lipoferum  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=Azospirillum lipoferum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methanothermobacter_thermautotrophicus_str._Delta_H  coded_by=complement(569846..570643),organism=Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus str. Delta H,definition=nitrogenase NifH subunit
mkriaiygkggigkstivsnmaaayssehrvlvigcdpkadttrtlygerlptvldvlkenrepdvsevihtgfggvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamnllerlgvfredidvviydvlgdvvcggfavplredfadevyivtsgeymslyaanniargirklkgklggvicncrgirdeveivsefasrigsrligavprsnlvqeseleartvierfpeseqasvyrklaediyrnteftvpepmdqeefeeffrkfrveg
>Cupriavidus_sp._ip2.61  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. ip2.61,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._ip2.47  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. ip2.47,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.41  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.41,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud10.1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud10.1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud3.4  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud3.4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud8.1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud8.1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpig.6a  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpig.6a,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud27.2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud27.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.92  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.92,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._ip2.30  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. ip2.30,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.90  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.90,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.54  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.54,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpl29  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpl29,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpl20  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpl20,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mip34  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mip34,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mip11  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mip11,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._ip2.100  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. ip2.100,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp2.26  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp2.26,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp1.13  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp1.13,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp2.1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp2.1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp1.16  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp1.16,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mym10  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mym10,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._myp8  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. myp8,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp2.18  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp2.18,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp2.10  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp2.10,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.49  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.49,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.43  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.43,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.3  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mip2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mip2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._ip2.89  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. ip2.89,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mip15  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mip15,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.22  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.22,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._ip2.35  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. ip2.35,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._ip2.14  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. ip2.14,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud31.3  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud31.3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud17.3  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud17.3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud10.5  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud10.5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud23.3  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud23.3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud3.2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud3.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud4.3  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud4.3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud28.1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud28.1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp2.22  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp2.22,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp2.7  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp2.7,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mym1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mym1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpj6  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpj6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg36  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg36,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg11  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg11,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpmg5  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpmg5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg30  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg30,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg22  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg22,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpmg4  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpmg4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpmg2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpmg2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpmg1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpmg1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg35  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg35,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg8  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg8,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg25  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg25,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg6  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mppg18  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mppg18,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud19.2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud19.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud31.5  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud31.5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud27.2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud27.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpig.1a  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpig.1a,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud1.6  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud1.6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud2.4  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud2.4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud20.2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud20.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud32.2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud32.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud19.4  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud19.4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._tpud1.7  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. tpud1.7,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud5.4  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud5.4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud8.4  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud8.4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud8.2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud8.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud4.4  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud4.4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud4.5  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud4.5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud7.6  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud7.6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud3.1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud3.1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud1.3  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud1.3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud7.4  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud7.4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mapud5.1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mapud5.1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Marchantia_polymorpha  coded_by=complement(110104..110973),organism=Marchantia polymorpha,definition=Marchantia polymorpha chloroplast genome DNA
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgygrcdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvelqpslkyvcdfylniadqilskpegiipkevpdrelfsllsdfylnpvntvneknkpnlidfmii
>Phaeospirillum_molischianum_DSM_120  coded_by=complement(388007..389008),organism=Phaeospirillum molischianum DSM 120,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit, 35.5 kDa chain
mtapldgvppagkggstqptpgaqpgdgaraapktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqrgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggratptiietsarkkqageevkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfeileklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpisrdmcqkvivvgandlqslyvannvcsaveyfrrlggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafaqqvgipilatipandgirrlsaayeivaqpdgewgplfaaladqvdvappiqptplsqegllnlfkgdavgrdvvlvpataedmggelaankpsleiiyetp
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_61069  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 61069,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgthliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvlkyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Rhizobium_gallicum  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Rhizobium gallicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledml
>'Nostoc_azollae'_0708  coded_by=complement(2394451..2395317),organism='Nostoc azollae' 0708,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdliekyieavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylsiadqilsrpegvvpndapdrelfsllsdfylnpsqpqptivkeeldlmiv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Methanotorris_formicicus_Mc-S-70  coded_by=428..1282,organism=Methanotorris formicicus Mc-S-70,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msfdeiapnakkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayyyklkgmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqetvmdvlreegeegvtlekvrkvgfadilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavnlmrelggypddldflffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglakeiyivssgemmalyaanniakgilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgelelmeefcdklgtklihfvprdnivqkaefnkmtvvefapdsnqaqeykklgkkimdndelviptpmtmdemeklvekyglydk
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_bv._mediterranense  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti bv. mediterranense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ltsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptp
>Sinorhizobium_sp._LILM2009  coded_by=<1..>726,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. LILM2009,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ltsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptp
>Frankia_sp._G2  coded_by=<1..>532,organism=Frankia sp. G2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
vgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfipr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3059  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3059,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3091  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3091,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3049  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3049,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3090  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3090,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Geobacter_uraniireducens_Rf4  coded_by=1385423..1386292,organism=Geobacter uraniireducens Rf4,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaylgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkigygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvdalakklstqmihfvprdnqvqraemrrmtvieyspehpqaqeyrtlaekilnnkmlvvptplemeeledllmeygimeaedesvvgvveaatk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemvrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemvrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>Heliobacterium_modesticaldum_Ice1  coded_by=1300134..1300997,organism=Heliobacterium modesticaldum Ice1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
miiavygkggvgkstttsnlavaiaktgrrvlqigcdpksdstftiagrmiptvveildkfnyhyesiepddlvvqgyagvcvvetggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllekldimrqydvilfdvlgdvvcggfatplqyadlacivssndfdalfaanricesiveknasgydvklagvignrcdqvdlletftrrieaplmgvvprneevrqsrvkgytlfeleemgepvsemtgefrkmaayllsqpdgvvpnavgtremfelfrgedlpwkgsngktaastpsvp
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrld
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Methanocaldococcus_sp._FS406-22  coded_by=26352..27209,organism=Methanocaldococcus sp. FS406-22,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msvydeiapnakkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayyyklkgmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqetvmdvlreegeegvtlekirkvgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavnlmielggypddldflffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglakeiyivssgemmalyaanniargilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgekelmeefcdllgtklihfiprdnivqkaefnkmtvvefapdhpqaheykklgkkimdndelviptplsmdqleklvekyglldk
>Frankia_sp._AiPa1  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. AiPa1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgevmamyaanniargilkyahtggvhlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlx
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..828,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqaketakaaal
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyglaeslakklgtq
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=93572..94705,organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mmkrcasvlppstprprpgsrtafwrltsgstgnltkprwkpcgaparnwrttwktfrkewrheqgprergngqgktpvgvmsvlesfesppdgegsvqvqmdpalsigsakvfavygkggigksttssnlavafsklgkrviqigcdpkhdstftltkcliptvidaletvnyhteelrpedfvfegyngvlcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhllddtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfatplhhaeralvvaandfdsifamnriiaairaksknyevrlggvicnrsdqtdqidkfndasgmrtlgripaldvirrsrlkkatlfeleptpeveavqreylriaqalwdgvepldahalkdrdifdllgyd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO77  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO77,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismde
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO66  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO66,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismde
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO60  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO60,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismde
>Frankia_sp._Ag45/Mut15  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. Ag45/Mut15,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_31015  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 31015,definition=NifH
aalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpi
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum  coded_by=2129..3001,organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum,definition=BchL
mrqppdgegsvqvemdpalhietakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvvqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidvlqavhfhteelrvedfvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhiledadvvvfdvlgdvvcggfatplqhaeralvvaandfdsifaanriaaaiqakaknydvrlggiianrsvatdqierfnarsgmrtlahfpdldvirrsrlckstlfemepspelaavqqeylrlaealwegvepltatplidreifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_daqingense  coded_by=<1..>646,organism=Bradyrhizobium daqingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lilhakaqdtilnlaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_CCBAU_25435  coded_by=<1..>680,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum CCBAU 25435,definition=NifH
livgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Taxodium_distichum_var._distichum  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Taxodium distichum var. distichum,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirektrthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Pinus_densiflora  coded_by=92902..93777,organism=Pinus densiflora,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_densata  coded_by=92982..93857,organism=Pinus densata,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_fragilissima  coded_by=92944..93819,organism=Pinus fragilissima,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_hwangshanensis  coded_by=92999..93874,organism=Pinus hwangshanensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_kesiya  coded_by=92975..93850,organism=Pinus kesiya,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_mugo  coded_by=92944..93819,organism=Pinus mugo,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_nigra  coded_by=92930..93805,organism=Pinus nigra,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_sylvestris  coded_by=92908..93783,organism=Pinus sylvestris,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_taiwanensis  coded_by=93012..93887,organism=Pinus taiwanensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_tropicalis  coded_by=92917..93792,organism=Pinus tropicalis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_taiwanensis  coded_by=93023..93898,organism=Pinus taiwanensis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase Fe protein
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CATux-299  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CATux-299,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqlgdllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Cunninghamia_lanceolata_var._konishii  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cunninghamia lanceolata var. konishii,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Cunninghamia_lanceolata  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cunninghamia lanceolata,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Thermodesulfovibrio_yellowstonii_DSM_11347  coded_by=complement(1648241..1649065),organism=Thermodesulfovibrio yellowstonii DSM 11347,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagykcmivgcdpkadatrlilhkksqatvmdlarergsvedleldevllegfkgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivtsgemmaiyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlggiicnsrkvdkeydlvsefavklgtrllhfiprdnmvqkaelnrmtvveyapahpqadeyrdlakkiaenknlyiptpltmdqlegllakygfle
>mine_drainage_metagenome  coded_by=complement(23658..24548),organism=mine drainage metagenome,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein (Nitrogenase component II) (Nitrogenase Fe protein) (Nitrogenase reductase) nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakcqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegaydgidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqaneyrqlaekihanagngtiptpitmdqledllmehglmptidesqvgkaaaelaaaaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45281  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 45281,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismeel
>Mesorhizobium_huakuii  coded_by=complement(<1..>764),organism=Mesorhizobium huakuii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkvgkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengadnvdvsdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiivmsgemmalaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyraladkihansgqgtipspitmdeledml
>Picea_sitchensis  coded_by=93489..94364,organism=Picea sitchensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcqyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>Picea_abies  coded_by=94929..95804,organism=Picea abies,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcqyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntvaamaemghrimivgcdpkadstpglmlakaqttvlhlaaeraavedlelhevmltgfrgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiithainflednayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkahdiymvtsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalsdmgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdirrvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Frankia_sp._55005  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=Frankia sp. 55005,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrpntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Microcoleus_chthonoplastes_CCY9602  coded_by=<1..>466,organism=Microcoleus chthonoplastes CCY9602,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tqntvaglvelgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlllgglhqksvldtlreegddvdleeirkegygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaydesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannicrgiqkyae
>Pinus_glabra  coded_by=93145..94020,organism=Pinus glabra,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Burkholderia_phymatum_STM815  coded_by=517691..518572,organism=Burkholderia phymatum STM815,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msqlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdssqagqyralaekihhnggngvvptpitmdqledllmekgimvqvdesqvgktaaelta
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
seilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Mesorhizobium_sp._GGS20  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. GGS20,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihans
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaqgsvedleledvmkvgyrnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaqgsvedleledvmkvgyrnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._TSA1  coded_by=<1..>669,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. TSA1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrklaakih
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>456,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
ggigkstttqntvaglaymgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgyggimcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakklgtt
>Rhizobium_tropici  coded_by=<1..>602,organism=Rhizobium tropici,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtvi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6187  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6187,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayeerdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgteliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlagrihnngg
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=1492999..1493994,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnalpqiamtdalraeaavepdapanspvtketqiiaiygkggigksftlsnlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddhtgeaqafakavgipvlaaipaddgirkksanyeiigrpdgewgslfaelaenvatappvrptplsqdgllglftadvtgrdvvlepatmedmcgasiidkpslevvydaa
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>740,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledml
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3869  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3869,definition=NifH
ggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihlnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeq
>Chlorobium_ferrooxidans_DSM_13031  coded_by=complement(22448..23626),organism=Chlorobium ferrooxidans DSM 13031,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mqnrtitdahrphnpdnhkqylmpartiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfammnrrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggiplptvtdlfaeknaqnrqvtisdivfrrdiadfpqpiygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdlleklgifnwdidiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilvtnndrqsiftannicqannyfktiggqsrllgliinrddgsgiaekyaeaagisvlmkvpynagardmddsfdfavrlpelgdkfrtlateilenrikpchargldfmqfvrlfgdvsdesptpatpeelfgshadsvtpipdrtnlsqdnddvkmrrcieelselereiyrmseeeersiteiaamlereesevrellagartqlrklffsa
>Methanosalsum_zhilinae_DSM_4017  coded_by=complement(519839..520633),organism=Methanosalsum zhilinae DSM 4017,definition=Nitrogenase
mknrkiiaiygkggigksstasniaaacadegykvmiigcdpksdssinllggqriptimgllresvdiqeediifegyngvkcvevggpepgigcagrgiivaiqklksvskahqemdliiydvpgdivcggfvapikkgfvneayvltsgeymplyaannicrglnkintplsgvicnsrdvsrereivkkfseelgseliafipkeqivqdceregfsviekepdssiadvyrelarkimsqkkasnpdpmddeklrsltr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Methylobacterium_sp._GXF4  coded_by=33737..34741,organism=Methylobacterium sp. GXF4,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvqlskaaldqatqlraeaaiepdavptapvkketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstrkklagepvaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafadaagipvlasipadddirrksanyeiigrpesrwgslfsdlaanvaeaaphrptpltqdgllglfssdvtgrdvvlvpathedmcgvahvakpslevvydev
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3871  coded_by=<1..>579,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3871,definition=NifH
esggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihlnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksde
>Paulinella_chromatophora  coded_by=complement(998576..999466),organism=Paulinella chromatophora,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtmtrnraidgegslqvhldptlhieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkkmvptvidiletvdfhteelrpedyvfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhahyclivtandfdsifamnrivqainakaknykvrlggvianrsedtdqidrfnsrtglrtmahfkavdairrsrlkkctifemedespeviavqkeylnlaqrllddvepleaeplkdreifdllgyd
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleledvlkvgyrnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedldyvsydvlgdvvcggfatpirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=complement(2630186..2631064),organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makkvkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalsvagykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggkyiptvldtlrdkntvkaseviyegfngiycveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitavqlfkqqrvfeeldldfviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvssadfmaiyaannlfkgiqkysnsggallggviansinapyakeiiddfvkqtntqvieyiprsvtvtqselqgkttieaapdsqqakvykslaqkiaehteskvptpldiadlrawasrwgdyllaletgevrtevssni
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7424  coded_by=complement(2647660..2648574),organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7424,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mgdkkklinsdtgettltlklavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemadsdpslnyvcnyylniadqilarpegvvpndaqdrelftllsdfylnpqkpqsqdeeldlmmv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>Treponema_saccharophilum_DSM_2985  coded_by=complement(73706..74464),organism=Treponema saccharophilum DSM 2985,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mvkiaiygkggigkstttanlsaalskmglkvmqigcdpksdsvknlcggekitsvldvlrskksedvkledlvhvgfngvlcveaggptpgigcagrgiitafekleeldayeihrpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirngyadhvfivtsgemmalyaannivsaiknfgnrgyasyagvilnsrnvenevevvrkaldeiggeivqvvprdgtvqvaenqgktvieacpdsdmagvymalakkvmekcnv
>Holophaga_foetida_DSM_6591  coded_by=160424..161248,organism=Holophaga foetida DSM 6591,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaeagkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglvqntvldtlreegedvelddvlkvgfkgtsctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydadkaldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkfaesgtvrlgglicnsrnvdneremieefakqlgtqmihfvprenqvqraeinrktviefspehsqadeyralsqkidqnkmfvvptplpidslekllidfgian
>Frankia_sp._CjJ14  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. CjJ14,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqkaaekgsvedleldevllegawnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitfleengayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrntdredelitelarrlntqtihfvprdnivqhae
>Methanocorpusculum_labreanum_Z  coded_by=complement(150434..151240),organism=Methanocorpusculum labreanum Z,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqialygkggigksttsanlsaafsemdldvmqigcdpkhdstrmlmhgrwiptvleqmydhkeiksediiyqgfgnircveaggpepgigcagrgiiatfqllekmdalygdvvvydvlgdvvcggfampmrdgyaqevylvtsgelmslyaannickaiariserstakcrlggvicnaknmdnerelveefakrigsrlvcyiprsksvraaevncmtviehdptseqaavyrdcaktilentdlriptplaleeleelarhyl
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=complement(15362..>15919),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
pepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggvicnsrkvdkerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydaecnqaleygelarkiienknfvipkplsmdeleamvvkygiad
>Paludibacter_propionicigenes_WB4  coded_by=complement(1641705..1642529),organism=Paludibacter propionicigenes WB4,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayfhdqkvfihgcdpkadstrmilggmnqktimdtlrddgaelvtvdkvvssgfggikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeaqgaytpelnyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivvsgemmavyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlgglvcnsrkvdkerefieefataigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvieydekcnqaheyselarkiiandnfvvpkpltmpeleamvvkygiae
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5272  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5272,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5326  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5326,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5324  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5324,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5321  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5321,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5323  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5323,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5203  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5203,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5202  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5202,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5201  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5201,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH58  coded_by=<1..>572,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH58,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlaealagrlgtqlihfvpranivqhaelrrmtvieyapds
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_WSM2304  coded_by=699063..699950,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii WSM2304,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaatkgsvedlelgevlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqysprskqaaeyrmlaekihansgkgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdqqmleellanegktas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Juniperus_rigida  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Juniperus rigida,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarrlgtq
>Dorea_longicatena_CAG:42  coded_by=6829..7590,organism=Dorea longicatena CAG:42,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafatmgkkviqigcdpkadstmnllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeklediaregfgnvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlklfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiredyaekvlivtsgekmalyaadniskavknfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenetekvetfakehgfdivgeiprsdeinrcedqgktviegnpesdiskcfydlaeilwkdeeqv
>Dorea_longicatena_DSM_13814  coded_by=complement(24857..25618),organism=Dorea longicatena DSM 13814,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafatmgkkviqigcdpkadstmnllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeklediaregfgnvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlklfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiredyaekvlivtsgekmalyaadniskavknfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenetekvetfakehgfdivgeiprsdeinrcedqgktviegnpesdiskcfydlaeilwkdeeqv
>Dorea_longicatena  coded_by=complement(25236..25997),organism=Dorea longicatena,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafatmgkkviqigcdpkadstmnllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeklediaregfgnvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlklfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiredyaekvlivtsgekmalyaadniskavknfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenetekvetfakehgfdivgeiprsdeinrcedqgktviegnpesdiskcfydlaeilwkdeeqv
>Dorea_longicatena  coded_by=47952..48713,organism=Dorea longicatena,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafatmgkkviqigcdpkadstmnllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeklediaregfgnvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlklfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiredyaekvlivtsgekmalyaadniskavknfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenetekvetfakehgfdivgeiprsdeinrcedqgktviegnpesdiskcfydlaeilwkdeeqv
>Dorea_longicatena  coded_by=32869..33630,organism=Dorea longicatena,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafatmgkkviqigcdpkadstmnllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeklediaregfgnvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlklfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiredyaekvlivtsgekmalyaadniskavknfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenetekvetfakehgfdivgeiprsdeinrcedqgktviegnpesdiskcfydlaeilwkdeeqv
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=1..975,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=vanadium-dependent dinitrogenase reductase
msdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaevgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhtkaqttvlhlaaergavedleldevvlkgfrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelittlanrlstqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyrtladkiinnqnmavptpiemdelealliefgilesdedkeklvgmskaeeealkkqeelkaqaleavqkgnvevvsrnnk
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=complement(5039282..5040256),organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
msdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaevgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhtkaqttvlhlaaergavedleldevvlkgfrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelittlanrlstqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyrtladkiinnqnmavptpiemdelealliefgilesdedkeklvgmskaeeealkkqeelkaqaleavqkgnvevvsrnnk
>Methanoplanus_petrolearius_DSM_11571  coded_by=complement(276717..277538),organism=Methanoplanus petrolearius DSM 11571,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaasgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidledvlkpgfgetmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgelmalyaanniskgiqkyaetggvrlggiicnsrkvdhelellqafatelgsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesnqaneyrslaaaidgnkmfvipkpmsqdrleelmmehgflgl
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqlsvlqmaaekgsvedlepeevirvgfqgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddmdyisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsgsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakrlnsk
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=complement(<1..>735),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkrgigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgt
>Hoeflea_phototrophica_DFL-43  coded_by=complement(137900..138817),organism=Hoeflea phototrophica DFL-43,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mydeartaklkqaagldgngdgdgsvqvhletemdagkakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsmlgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltksliptvidvlegvdfhpeelrtedfvfegyngvqcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhaeravvvaandfdsifamnrivaaikaksknydvrlggvianrsretdqidryneaiglkrlahivdsdavrrsrlkkctlfemgdhpeivaiqqeylqlaeqlwagteelsanpmkdreifdflgfe
>Chamaecyparis_formosensis  coded_by=<1..>645,organism=Chamaecyparis formosensis,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL subunit
dpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmhvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegiv
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11185  coded_by=<1..>741,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11185,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdeledml
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=complement(1646660..1647487),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaamahfhhkkifihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdvlreqgaekvtydkvvrkgymdiqcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeaqgaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefieeftkaigttmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvteyeptenqaneysllaqaiiendnfvipkpmtmdelesmvekyglld
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=complement(1646660..1647487),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaamahfhhkkifihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdvlreqgaekvtydkvvrkgymdiqcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeaqgaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefieeftkaigttmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvteyeptenqaneysllaqaiiendnfvipkpmtmdelesmvekyglld
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
admgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsvgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaysddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansgsvrlaglicnsrntdredeliialaeklgtq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvi
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakvqntvmdlvrekgtvedleledvmkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alvdlgsrilivgcdpkadstrlilngkaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrglkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-31  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-31,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-17  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-17,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Caldicellulosiruptor_saccharolyticus_DSM_8903  coded_by=complement(2613222..2614043),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus DSM 8903,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalatlgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilgvksqvtvmdtvreigesnvkldkvmftgfggvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleelgaftedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaneiyivasgemmalyaannicrgilkfaetsgvrlggiicnsrrvenekelleafckrlgtqlikfiprdnivqkaeinrktvieydpesnqakeyldlakriiendmfvipkpmpmdeleklieeyglad
>Sinorhizobium_sp._DWO607  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. DWO607,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain DWO607
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_terangae  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium terangae,definition=Sinorhizobium teranga partial nifH gene, strain ORS1009
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaeagykamivgcdpkadatrlvlhkkaqntvmdmarergtvedleidevlltgfkdikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrktdkeheliselakrlgtqlihfvp
>Cupressus_funebris  coded_by=<1..>711,organism=Cupressus funebris,definition=FrxC
cnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>590,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
vmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>589,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
vmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvagpaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqnsimqmaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyqgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrntaredelimelarqlgtqlihfvp
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdxvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarrlgtqi
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_USDA_257  coded_by=complement(120384..121274),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii USDA 257,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlaelqakeaaaaaq
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_USDA_257  coded_by=13891..14781,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii USDA 257,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlaelqakeaaaaaq
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_NGR234  coded_by=complement(140214..141104),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii NGR234,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH1
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlaelqakeaaaaaq
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_NGR234  coded_by=complement(108336..109226),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii NGR234,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH2
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlaelqakeaaaaaq
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_HH103  coded_by=complement(159944..160834),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii HH103,definition=hypothetical protein
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlaelqakeaaaaaq
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_HH103  coded_by=complement(102510..103400),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii HH103,definition=hypothetical protein
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlaelqakeaaaaaq
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis_LMG_19424  coded_by=333073..333954,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis LMG 19424,definition=NifH nitrogenase Fe protein (Nitrogenase component II)(dinitrogenase reductase)
msnlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaemlgtklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyapdcaqageyralaekihnnggngviptpitmdqledllmakgilvqideskvgktaselta
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=61..882,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=Clostridium pasteurianum nifH1 gene
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtvieydptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmqyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=2624..3445,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtvieydptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmqyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(29136..29957),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtvieydptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmqyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1526219..1527040,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtvieydptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmqyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(1898250..1899071),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtvieydptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmqyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1526219..1527040,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtvieydptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmqyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(33078..33899),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtvieydptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmqyglmdl
>Bradyrhizobium_lablabi  coded_by=<1..>718,organism=Bradyrhizobium lablabi,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alaevdhtilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpismee
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>494,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarrlgtqi
>Phaeospirillum_molischianum_DSM_120  coded_by=32153..33070,organism=Phaeospirillum molischianum DSM 120,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mrtengagdgcdspshcpdedgsvqvkpdprvkigsakvftiygkggigksttssnlavafsklgkrvlligcdpkhdstftltkrltttvidvleevdyhpeelrtedfvfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlldetdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplhyadralivaandfdsifamnriiaaiqakardypvrvggmianrsaatdqidkfndlagmkrlahmpeldvirksrlqkatlfeldpsnpdvataqteylrlatqlwagvepleaarslkdreifdllgfn
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddddyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledml
>Sinorhizobium_sp._C2  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. C2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsidfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampicenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlae
>Rhizobium_yanglingense  coded_by=<1..>729,organism=Rhizobium yanglingense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Selenomonas_noxia_ATCC_43541  coded_by=complement(16458..17270),organism=Selenomonas noxia ATCC 43541,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttaanvsaafsrmgrrvcqigcdpkndstrlllgriapstildlerekkgvaltladlvhegwngircieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhafddldvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaseiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvrrfaergavklggiigngrdvlrerelleafaarigtqlityiprsravheaeihrqtliayapdseqaqhymalaqaidtnemltvptpmefeeledlverygd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._3LBC  coded_by=<1..>739,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 3LBC,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqga
>Chlorobium_chlorochromatii_CaD3  coded_by=1707194..1708018,organism=Chlorobium chlorochromatii CaD3,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvigcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikegyrntrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgafddewnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremieelarrigtqmihfvprdnfvqraeinrktvidydpthgqadeyralaqkindnkmfvipkpleieeleslliefgian
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_DSM_266  coded_by=complement(2773622..2774449),organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides DSM 266,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheelgaediietgfagidcleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqelglydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaiiiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvklagivanrvdyttgggtnmldqfaekvgtrllakvpyhelirksrfagktlfamedtpgkddclipyneiadfliqenplasvpvpigdreifdmvggwq
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803  coded_by=1608..2474,organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,definition=frxC protein
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaakriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdaqdrdlfsllsdfylnptqpasqtkeldlmmv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaevgkrilivgcdpkadtmrlmlhtkaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltrfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcagfampirenkaqeiyivtsgeimamyaanni
>Synechococcus_sp._WH_5701  coded_by=84477..85403,organism=Synechococcus sp. WH 5701,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttlppkqttapakagtsghedgegslqvhqdasmnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkkmvptvidiletvdfhteelrpedfvfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrimqainakaknykvrlggvianrseetdqidrfnertglrtmahfktvdairrsrlkkctifemepspeveavqqeylslaqkmlsdvepleaeslkdreifdllgfd
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmwggt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCNWGS0015-1  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCNWGS0015-1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmwggt
>Rhizobium_sp._FB403  coded_by=<1..>743,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB403,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitm
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
magmaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaetghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvp
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_25325  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 25325,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CACua-70  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CACua-70,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilsfaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggsampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvvefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Desulfovibrio_salexigens_DSM_2638  coded_by=complement(488297..489124),organism=Desulfovibrio salexigens DSM 2638,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglatmdrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveledirkpgfgeswcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlenlgayeegenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaesggvrlgglicnsrnvdnekemieelakklgtqmiyfvprdndvqraeinrktviewddtvpqadayrglaeaidknemfvvptpleieeleqllldyglmea
>Desulfovibrio_aespoeensis_Aspo-2  coded_by=1151267..1152094,organism=Desulfovibrio aespoeensis Aspo-2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgrkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedvelddirkpgfggtwcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaesggvrlgglicnsrntdreadlitelanklgtqmiyfvprdndvqraeinrktviewdgtvpqadqyrglakaidgntmftvptpleiedleqllldygimea
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>Heliobacterium_modesticaldum_Ice1  coded_by=<1..759,organism=Heliobacterium modesticaldum Ice1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqatvmdlarekgtvedlelsdvlltgfadircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyassgkvrlgglicnsrkvdkeyelidelatrlgtqmihflprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhpqadeyralakkidenkklviptpltmdeledlliqygiledeetaaaklg
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF66316  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF66316,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lgeilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerr
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>697,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>697,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6156  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6156,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laelgprilivgcdpqadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepglgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskpadhyrnlatkihhnag
>Synechococcus_sp._CC9311  coded_by=1758279..1759169,organism=Synechococcus sp. CC9311,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgdgsvqvhqdpgtkieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfmftgyngvkcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsaetdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddkddgvkavqdeyirlasnmlnnvepleavslkdreifdllgfd
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>788,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
iygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdeledml
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=2673891..2674760,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH
mstrpqhlaiygkggigkstttsniaaalaeagykvvqigcdpksdstntlrggawlntvldrtrdgsaprlediaavgyrgvicveaggpvpgvgcagrginaaisllhelhlfeeakpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregltdrvyvvssadfmavyaannlfrainkyapsggarlggliansiqpgfsrpliddfaartgtraveyvprsptvaqselcgrtvieaapaspqadvyralartivedtssvipkplapaelrqwardwgdlllrdgapqpaavaa
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB5  coded_by=1224040..1224939,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB5,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvpranivqhaelrrqtvieyapdsqqaqeyrqlankihansgngtiptpitmeelegmlldfgimktdeqalaelaekeaakaaaata
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_HaA2  coded_by=1115228..1116127,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris HaA2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvpranivqhaelrrqtvieyapdsqqaqeyrqlankihansgngtiptpitmeelegmlldfgimktdeqalaelaekeaakaaaata
>Roseobacter_sp._CCS2  coded_by=complement(965796..966800),organism=Roseobacter sp. CCS2,definition=chlorophyllide reductase subunit X
mkdeipnlkdfdqrlrdeaneepslevpqgvptsktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsakkklsgeevaigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaqafaeavnipvlaaipqdddlrkksanyqivgtnesqwgpmfeglaeavgiappvrptpldqdgllglfdakdtggdyqlvpatdvdmrgknaapkesleviydda
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_WS8N  coded_by=1422119..1422997,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides WS8N,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtiptgadgegsvqvhldeadkitgakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsilgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidvlkdvdfhpeelrpedfvfegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadqavvvtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknykvrlagcvanrsratdevdrfcketnfrrlahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfemdedqdvlaaraeyirlaeslwrgldpidphslpdrdifellgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
ttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>701,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17025  coded_by=complement(1028803..1029696),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17025,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mspkdltiptgedgegsvqvhldesdkitgakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsilgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidvlkdvdfhpeelrpedfvfegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadqavvvtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknykvrlagcvanrsratdevdrfceasdfrrlahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfamdedpdvlvaraeylrlaqslwdglppmsphslpdreifellgfd
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._K  coded_by=3601814..3602680,organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. K,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqatvmdlvrergtvedlelgdvmkvgfgavkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeqgaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyassgkvrlaglicnsrktdreyelidalarrlgtqmihfvprdnevqraelrrmtvieyapqhpqadeyrelarkiaenrmlviprplemeeledllleygimapedeskvgkaaava
>Heliobacillus_mobilis  coded_by=<1..792,organism=Heliobacillus mobilis,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vsalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqatvmdlarekgtvedleledvlltgfadircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyaatgkvrlgglicnsrktdkeyeliaelasrlgtqmihflprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehpqadeyralakkidenkmlvvptplsmdeledllisygiledeetamaklg
>Heliobacterium_chlorum  coded_by=<1..792,organism=Heliobacterium chlorum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vsalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqatvmdlarekgtvedleledvlltgfadircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyaatgkvrlgglicnsrktdkeyeliaelasrlgtqmihflprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehpqadeyralakkidenkmlvvptplsmdeledllisygiledeetamaklg
>Methylococcus_capsulatus_str._Bath  coded_by=226242..227123,organism=Methylococcus capsulatus str. Bath,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegaydgidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsvqaghyrnlaqkihansgngiiptpitmdeledllmehgvmaqvdesqvgktaaelaa
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>552,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
edvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihlnsgqgtip
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.3  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvglpgrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliieiarrln
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=complement(4960214..4961041),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdmlrdkgaekitnddvikkgfldiqcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeengaytddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefleeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefapeenqakeygelarkiiendefvipkpltmdqledmvvkygiad
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=complement(4961279..4962106),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdmlrdkgaekitnddvikkgfldiqcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeengaytddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefleeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefapeenqakeygelarkiiendefvipkpltmdqledmvvkygiad
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=complement(4960227..4961054),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdmlrdkgaekitnddvikkgfldiqcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeengaytddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefleeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefapeenqakeygelarkiiendefvipkpltmdqledmvvkygiad
>Chlorobium_phaeovibrioides_DSM_265  coded_by=1501104..1501928,organism=Chlorobium phaeovibrioides DSM 265,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikggykntrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgayddeweldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrqvenekamieelarkigtqmihfvprdnfvqraeinrktvidydpthkqadeyralaqkindnkmfvipkpleieeleslliefgian
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslvaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgtt
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>660,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
laalaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrn
>Burkholderia_nodosa  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Burkholderia nodosa,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgveyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvi
>Mesorhizobium_sp._M72P  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. M72P,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gmgksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgns
>Roseobacter_sp._CCS2  coded_by=complement(1175522..1176418),organism=Roseobacter sp. CCS2,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msprddvpnlrgqdgegsvqvhqpedakiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafsmlgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidilkevdfhseelrpedfifdgfngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksanykvrlagcvanrsretdevdrycntvgfnriahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfemddeedivqvrkeyirlaetlwngteplapaplpdreifellgfd
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=403960..404757,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mknqkiiaiygkggigksstasnvaaacaeagkkvmiigcdpksdssitllrgrriptildllregvdikkedvvfegyagvkcveaggpepgigcagrgiivaiqklksisgnllkeqdliiydvpgdivcggfvapvrkgfvneayvltsgeymplyaannickglskigmplsgvicnsrnvsreeeivskfseeigsqlmafipkrqvvqdceregysvmekapesdiaeiyrklgkailenekrvtadslsderlreltk
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Wiesmoor  coded_by=complement(786282..787079),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Wiesmoor,definition=nitrogenase reductase-like protein
mknqkiiaiygkggigksstasnvaaacaeagkkvmiigcdpksdssitllrgrriptildllregvdikkedvvfegyagvkcveaggpepgigcagrgiivaiqklksisgnllkeqdliiydvpgdivcggfvapvrkgfvneayvltsgeymplyaannickglskigmplsgvicnsrnvsreeeivskfseeigsqlmafipkrqvvqdceregysvmekapesdiaeiyrklgkailenekrvtadslsderlreltk
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>740,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlavlvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledml
>Methanothermococcus_okinawensis_IH1  coded_by=825972..826814,organism=Methanothermococcus okinawensis IH1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mvrkfciygkggigksttvsniagalaesgkkvmvigcdpkadstrnlmgrkiptvldvfrkkgnaikledivfegfcgtyciesggpepgvgcagrgvitaievlnrlgafetlnpdviiydilgdvvcggfamplqkhladdvyivttcdpmaiyaannickgikryakrgkvalggiiyngrsvinepsiveefaskigtnvmgnvpmsniitkaeiykktvieyapdseiadvfreladaiykndkrviptplseeeideitekiddllkekiviv
>uncultured_proteobacterium_eBACred25D05  coded_by=complement(22587..23600),organism=uncultured proteobacterium eBACred25D05,definition=putative chlorophyllide reductase subunit X
mkddvpnlkdysqrlrdeasmdladiqsdgeakeptkhtqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstkkklageevkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaaafakaadipvlasipqdddlrkksanyqivgtangqwgdlftqlaeavagappvrpkpldqdgllnlfdskdtggdfvlvpatdvdmrgknaqpkkslevmydea
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygeikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarrlgtq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maaiaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelixelarrln
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_80  coded_by=295193..296074,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 80,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCI_18  coded_by=637548..638429,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCI 18,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola_CAG:634  coded_by=complement(3095..3976),organism=Klebsiella variicola CAG:634,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(11820..12701),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_sp._KTE92  coded_by=260578..261459,organism=Klebsiella sp. KTE92,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_342  coded_by=complement(1769523..1770404),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae 342,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_700603  coded_by=543972..544853,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae 700603,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola_At-22  coded_by=complement(1729534..1730415),organism=Klebsiella variicola At-22,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCICRE_10  coded_by=555627..556508,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCICRE 10,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_UCICRE_14  coded_by=453181..454062,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae UCICRE 14,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=1325879..1326760,organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=5442343..5443224,organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_20  coded_by=666830..667711,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 20,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_40  coded_by=597735..598616,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 40,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(39646..40527),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=68531..69412,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(528346..529227),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=430196..431077,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(19050..19931),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(19412..20293),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=220103..220984,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=50946..51827,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=46978..47859,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(19252..20133),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=29392..30273,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._similipneumoniae  coded_by=42660..43541,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. similipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=437781..438662,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(19185..20066),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=57655..58536,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_quasipneumoniae_subsp._quasipneumoniae  coded_by=2451..3332,organism=Klebsiella quasipneumoniae subsp. quasipneumoniae,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(19050..19931),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(19037..19918),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=236747..237628,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=6715..7596,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(19296..20177),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae  coded_by=3500183..3501064,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_variicola  coded_by=complement(18929..19810),organism=Klebsiella variicola,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_76  coded_by=10625..11506,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 76,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_MGH_68  coded_by=315661..316542,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae MGH 68,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=2755689..2756570,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_subsp._pneumoniae_KP5-1  coded_by=438520..439401,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae KP5-1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_BIDMC_61  coded_by=488450..489331,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae BIDMC 61,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis  coded_by=<1..>599,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaemlgtklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvi
>Rhizobium_sp._RPJ16  coded_by=<1..>689,organism=Rhizobium sp. RPJ16,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsg
>Rhizobium_sp._RPP14  coded_by=<1..>689,organism=Rhizobium sp. RPP14,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsg
>Rhizobium_sp._RPJ6  coded_by=<1..>689,organism=Rhizobium sp. RPJ6,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsg
>Rhizobium_sp._RPJ5  coded_by=<1..>689,organism=Rhizobium sp. RPJ5,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsg
>Rhizobium_sp._RPJ3  coded_by=<1..>689,organism=Rhizobium sp. RPJ3,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsg
>Alkaliphilus_metalliredigens_QYMF  coded_by=complement(3605581..3606399),organism=Alkaliphilus metalliredigens QYMF,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaalgesgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilggltqktvmdtlreegedidledilkpgfsgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayesdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyaksggtrlggiicnsrqvdyehelleafakelgsqliyfvprdnivqraeinkkaviefepecgqaneyralaksidenkmfvipkpmhtdrleelmmehgvlg
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktvaalaqmghkivivrcdpkadsmrlilqanaqdtilslaakagsvedleledvmkigyqdfrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvftsinfleengayedidnvsydvlgdvvcggfampirekkpqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvagllemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlrdegedveladicskgysncrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaynddyeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivvsgemma
>Ectothiorhodospira_sp._PHS-1  coded_by=complement(13587..14561),organism=Ectothiorhodospira sp. PHS-1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mssrataetilpegdervqsgtaketqiiaiygkggigksftlsnlsymmaqqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietaarkklageeveigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfeileklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvvnnvcsaveyfrrlggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafaqaagipilasipanedirrksanyqivahpdgewgplfealatqvaeappqrprpltqdellglfssdevgrdvvlepatwedvhghamvkkpsleviyddv
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_695  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 695,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6053  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6053,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_71331  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 71331,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_71342  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 71342,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_71325  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 71325,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DesT10  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DesT10,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigynnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CATux-328  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CATux-328,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CATux-4  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CATux-4,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1  coded_by=2241803..2242684,organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1,definition=NifH/frxC
mprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaakagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalfaanniakgilkyagsggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlseslasklntqlihfvprdngvqhaelrrqtviqyapdskqageyrqlatkihanagkgtiptpitmeeledmllefgimksdeaalaeleakekslcs
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1_v2  coded_by=complement(381565..382446),organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1 v2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
mprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaakagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalfaanniakgilkyagsggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlseslasklntqlihfvprdngvqhaelrrqtviqyapdskqageyrqlatkihanagkgtiptpitmeeledmllefgimksdeaalaeleakekslcs
>Synechococcus_sp._WH_8016  coded_by=1043029..1043919,organism=Synechococcus sp. WH 8016,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgdgsvqvhqdpgtkieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfmftgyngvkcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsvdtdqidkfnektglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemdenedgvkavqeeyirlasnmlnnvepleavslkdreifdllgfd
>Dysgonomonas_gadei_ATCC_BAA-286  coded_by=complement(12889..13785),organism=Dysgonomonas gadei ATCC BAA-286,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mahalnicfretkisiiniiifkvmrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglaqktvldtlrdegedvelddvlkegfketscvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydddkhldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivcsgemmamyaannicksiskfgkvgdvrlgglicnsrkvdnevnmieefakklgtqmihfvprdnmvqhaeinrktvidhapehpqadeyrtlarkidgnkmhvipkplemeeleellvgfgimn
>Burkholderia_xenovorans  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia xenovorans,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdskqaeeyrqlatkvhsnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelta
>Pyramimonas_parkeae  coded_by=98983..99870,organism=Pyramimonas parkeae,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mvvnlkywvmklavygkggigksttscnisialakrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqtkdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanrisasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaendsslnyvceyylniadqilaspegvvpnevpdrelfsllsdfyltadecksssdddlfvlv
>Pyramimonas_parkeae  coded_by=complement(66889..67776),organism=Pyramimonas parkeae,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mvvnlkywvmklavygkggigksttscnisialakrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqtkdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanrisasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaendsslnyvceyylniadqilaspegvvpnevpdrelfsllsdfyltadecksssdddlfvlv
>Frankia_sp._AgN2Cl1  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Frankia sp. AgN2Cl1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlytqmihfipr
>Methanothermobacter_marburgensis_str._Marburg  coded_by=complement(953879..954676),organism=Methanothermobacter marburgensis str. Marburg,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkriaiygkggigkstivsnmaaaysshhrvlvigcdpkadttrtlygerlpavldvlrenrkpdasevihegfggvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamnlleklgvfeeeidviiydvlgdvvcggfavplreefadevyivtsgeymslyaanniargirklrgklggvicncrgirnevdivsefasrigsrvigvvprsslvqeseieaktviesfpeseqaevyrkladevylntefvvpepmdpeefeeffrkfrgdd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>578,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>578,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Heliobacterium_modesticaldum_Ice1  coded_by=complement(1337444..1338307),organism=Heliobacterium modesticaldum Ice1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein, subunit x
mseknfyavygkggsgksfvisnlsnatarlgkrvlqigcdpkhdstvilfngvnpptlleywaelnehsdeveptprvediifkgkgvyaleiggpevaigcggrgislgfevlekmglykwdfdyvfldflgdvvcggfgvpisksiaksiilvagndhqslyvannicsavasfarlggksrilgmiinkddgsgyaeqfcdtvgikvlakipnnpevaklnalfqlvsdippydklfqdlvqrlpeetgvlpkpmdfeafskiyrdipqvhlervtaeemfqr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._JNVU_TV11  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. JNVU TV11,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleienvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakrlnsk
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=complement(31607..32515),organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=protochlorophillide reductase subunit
mstatispsqigrgarpdgegsvqvqmetgakignakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrmvptvidvletvnfhpeelrvedfvfegtngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleetdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifaanrivqaigakaknynvrlggiianrsdatdqidkfnerigmrslaripaldvirksrlkkatlfemeespevlavqaeylqlaqrlwdgvdplyceplkdrdifdllgyd
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=3579360..3580268,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mstatispsqigrgarpdgegsvqvqmetgakignakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrmvptvidvletvnfhpeelrvedfvfegtngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleetdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifaanrivqaigakaknynvrlggiianrsdatdqidkfnerigmrslaripaldvirksrlkkatlfemeespevlavqaeylqlaqrlwdgvdplyceplkdrdifdllgyd
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCNWGS114  coded_by=<1..>556,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCNWGS114,definition=NifH protein
savesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledml
>Ginkgo_biloba  coded_by=116921..117841,organism=Ginkgo biloba,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mlnfydsnlqitgdwkvkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltefliptiidtlqsrdyhyeniwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkeldafneydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasireknrthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvievlppienirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepsinyvceyylniadqilsqpegiapkeipdreffsllsdfylnpindeeqgnnqenllgftmi
>Ginkgo_biloba  coded_by=116944..117864,organism=Ginkgo biloba,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mlnfydsnlqitgdwkvkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltefliptiidtlqsrdyhyeniwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkeldafneydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasireknrthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvievlppienirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepsinyvceyylniadqilsqpegiapkeipdreffsllsdfylnpindeeqgnnqenllgftmi
>Ginkgo_biloba  coded_by=116984..117904,organism=Ginkgo biloba,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mlnfydsnlqitgdwkvkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltefliptiidtlqsrdyhyeniwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkeldafneydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasireknrthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvievlppienirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepsinyvceyylniadqilsqpegiapkeipdreffsllsdfylnpindeeqgnnqenllgftmi
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>590,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
imivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>Ectothiorhodospira_sp._PHS-1  coded_by=35272..35979,organism=Ectothiorhodospira sp. PHS-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mqmaadagsvedleledvlktgyagikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamfaanniakgivkyassgsvrlaglicnsrntdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyralarkvidnklfvvptpctmdeledllmefgildaedesivgktaeeeata
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>688,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsrqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsakhlpphp
>Allochromatium_vinosum_DSM_180  coded_by=complement(2890576..2891526),organism=Allochromatium vinosum DSM 180,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtvsvnipapsapslkqtqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdtatllfggrncptilgvssekkkageqvaisdicfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleglgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrglggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaaaagipilatipaheeirrksanyeiigrpdgpwgplfaelaghvaeappvrpnplahevlldlfkgdqvgrhvvleparpedmsdisasvkpslevvydda
>Sinorhizobium_americanum  coded_by=<1..>679,organism=Sinorhizobium americanum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
aalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihan
>Pinus_thunbergii  coded_by=<92923..93798,organism=Pinus thunbergii,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase Fe protein
vkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttthntvaglaymgkkviivgcdpkadstrlimhakadktvmdlvrelgtvddleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaikfleengaytpdldlvfyhvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttqqntmaamaemgrrvmivrcdpkadsmrlilhskaqtsviklaaekgsvedlelnevlvegqwgikcvesgrpepgvgcagrgvitsityledagayenlefvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>566,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3862  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3862,definition=NifH
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaqkihlnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmla
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfipr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqdtmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqdtmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqdtmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Methanospirillum_hungatei_JF-1  coded_by=complement(906664..907506),organism=Methanospirillum hungatei JF-1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mkqialygkggigksttsanlsaalvnrglsvmqigcdpkrdstrmlmkgiliptvldlirergeenltlddvvftgykgvrcveaggpepgvgcagrgiiatfqllerlsafdediivydvlgdvvcggfampmrkgyaqeiylvtsgelmslyaannickaisrisqnvrqvcrlggvicnsrnlpdeeklvgafasevgskiiayiprsglvqyaelnnqtviefapdsslsatyqslaeeimtntdfvipkpleieeleklarsylptidhqginh
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae_CCNWGS0123  coded_by=<1..>774,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae CCNWGS0123,definition=NifH
glvsgksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmeeleeg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>456,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
ggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeqgsvedleledvmkigyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvshdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Sinorhizobium_sp._JNVU_TW8  coded_by=<1..>780,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. JNVU TW8,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpkpgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledm
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY582  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY582,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>455,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
dtilglaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>Burkholderia_silvatlantica_SRMrh-20  coded_by=<1..>842,organism=Burkholderia silvatlantica SRMrh-20,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilryansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdsnqaneyrqlaskihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimkaidesqvgksaa
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlvqlaknhgqkimivgcdpkadstrlvlntkmqqtvlslaaekgtvedlelhevvqngfadiervesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Rhodobacter_sp._SW2  coded_by=complement(39635..40522),organism=Rhodobacter sp. SW2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlhlaaemgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdqelelaeamaaklgctlihfvprdnivqhaelrrqtviqyapesaqaaeyrelarkihansgkgviptpitmdeleqmlmdfgimqseddrlaaiaateaaasa
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlalaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmal
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkcansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>660,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnl
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>661,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnl
>Rhizobium_sp._FB2504  coded_by=<1..>610,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB2504,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
atrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpitmeel
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=1641601..1642380,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=Nitrogenase
miraaiygkggigkstttsnlavalsgmgykvmqigcdpkadstrmltggraiptvlelvrsrrddlqvsdfvqegyngvlcveaggpmpgigcagrgiitafdtlaemkayevyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrgeytdvvfivtsgemmsmyaasniaaalanfrsrdyarygglilnrrnvdkelelvqqlaaetqgeliavipraaeiqkgeeqgktvmeifpeteiaqcyrtlarrflhtvdkstkpqvef
>Auxenochlorella_protothecoides  coded_by=join(1..210,1162..1854),organism=Auxenochlorella protothecoides,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase subunit ChlL
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgygevdsveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanrivasvrekskthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvevcpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktvfemaetdqklnyicdfylniadqllaspegvipleledrelftllstfyltvtpqnqgetqstistpltsnsaseldfilv
>Chlorella_vulgaris  coded_by=complement(join(104108..104800,105752..105961)),organism=Chlorella vulgaris,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit ChlL
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgygevdsveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanrivasvrekskthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvevcpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktvfemaetdqklnyicdfylniadqllaspegvipleledrelftllstfyltvtpqnqgetqstistpltsnsaseldfilv
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA6c  coded_by=<1..>643,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA6c,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqage
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaemgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaemgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Frankia_sp._AgN2Cl2  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgN2Cl2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._CpI1(2009)  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. CpI1(2009),definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Rhizobium_etli  coded_by=<1..>692,organism=Rhizobium etli,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ML105  coded_by=<1..>651,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ML105,definition=NifH
tsntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskq
>Rhizobium_yanglingense  coded_by=<1..>682,organism=Rhizobium yanglingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddmdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeyelsdalaqklgtk
>Roseiflexus_sp._RS-1  coded_by=complement(2369162..2369983),organism=Roseiflexus sp. RS-1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msltlaiygkggigksttssnlsaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfaltgtlqptvidvltevdfhheevsvedvvhtgfagvdtlesggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllhefglydkydvivfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadygiiiacndfdsifaanrlclaikqksaryrvelagiianrvdyelgggttlleqfaetvgtriigrvpyhdlirrsrlmgktlfemegpgkeectapflemaeellnrprstvpkplgdreifnviggwr
>Methanocaldococcus_sp._FS406-22  coded_by=complement(1261450..1262289),organism=Methanocaldococcus sp. FS406-22,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkfcvygkggigksttvsniaaalaedgkkvlvvgcdpkadttrnlvgrkiptvldvfrkkgpdnmeledivfegfggvycvesggpepgigcagrgvitavdmlnrlgvfeelkpdvviydilgdvvcggfamplqkhladdvyivttcdpmaiyagnnickgikrfasrgkialggiiyngrsvidapeiveefakkigtqvigkipmsnlitkaeiykktvieyapdseianifreiaraiyenesrvvpnplseeeldeitekidvllkesvke
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Pseudomonas_sp._D5-2  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=Pseudomonas sp. D5-2,definition=NifH
gviqdtlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdelekha
>Methylacidiphilum_infernorum_V4  coded_by=complement(1749441..1750334),organism=Methylacidiphilum infernorum V4,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
msgirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtilhlaaqagsvedleiedvmkigyrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannickgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdreyeladalakrlgsklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyapeskqadeyrtlarkihenagkgvipkpvtmdeledllmeygimkkedesligkakveeeaavcv
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=complement(<1..>694),organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
tsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihn
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklvhfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklvhfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._INPA78B  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. INPA78B,definition=Mesorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain INPA78B
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Pseudotsuga_menziesii_var._menziesii  coded_by=90801..91670,organism=Pseudotsuga menziesii var. menziesii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcgvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrxaglvgnrtskrdlihkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsxxxdlylnpisxxxxkkknqenllgftri
>Nephroselmis_olivacea  coded_by=164698..165561,organism=Nephroselmis olivacea,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigkstsscnisialatrgkkvlqigadpkhdstfaltgfliptimdtlqskdyhyeeiwpediiyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggfvvgettkllkelnsfyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfpaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyvescpmpvlevlplieeirvsrvkgktlfemtetdsslnyvcqyylniadqllaepegvvpkevadrelfsllsdfyhreasftpqegvvdsfllv
>Nephroselmis_olivacea  coded_by=complement(127365..128228),organism=Nephroselmis olivacea,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigkstsscnisialatrgkkvlqigadpkhdstfaltgfliptimdtlqskdyhyeeiwpediiyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggfvvgettkllkelnsfyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfpaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyvescpmpvlevlplieeirvsrvkgktlfemtetdsslnyvcqyylniadqllaepegvvpkevadrelfsllsdfyhreasftpqegvvdsfllv
>Frankia_sp._AiPs4  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. AiPs4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegrwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvigdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhskaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsk
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglseagykcmivgcdpkadatrlilhakaqttvmdlarergtvedlevgevlltgfrdikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayeadtdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgqmmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>Burkholderia_silvatlantica  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia silvatlantica,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdsnqaneyrqlaskihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimkaidesqvgksaaelta
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6434  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6434,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgtqlihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnngg
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=complement(<1..>760),organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=putative dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantrgvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvrgdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdskqaneyrqlankihnnagngtiptpitm
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=93..980,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=Rhodobacter capsulatus nifH gene
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaevgsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.2  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlggficnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Frankia_sp._CjI-82  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. CjI-82,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Frankia_sp._CcI3  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. CcI3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=complement(6113022..6113909),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanhyrnlatkihgnagkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesqigktaaelaata
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae  coded_by=complement(<1..474),organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegayddtdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY585  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY585,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkefelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY382  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY382,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkefelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY351  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY351,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkefelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY350  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY350,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkefelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY349  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY349,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkefelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampicenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanntskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampicenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanntskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Roseobacter_sp._AzwK-3b  coded_by=complement(142478..143482),organism=Roseobacter sp. AzwK-3b,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mkddvpnlkdfdkrlrdeaaeeptleiphgeptsktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaeqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstkknlageqvqigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgiaglvinkddgsgeaqafakavdipvlaaipqdddlrkksanyqivgtaqsqwgalfaelaeavslappvrpapldqdgllalfdgsdtgagvtlepatdedmrgkyavtresleviydea
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=2133711..2134589,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
malrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgnkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaehgsvedleledvmkigylgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyanaggvrlgglvcnerktdkeyelaeslaaklgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsgqaghyrtlankvhanagngaiptpitmdeledllmehgileqvdesivgktaaelaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_375  coded_by=complement(52862..53860),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 375,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit, 35.5 kDa chain
mnaptkisamtdalraeaaiepdapvtaapkkttqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiletsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelieklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafadavgipvlasipadddirrksasyqiigrpgtpwaplfellatnvaeappqhphpltqdgllglfkasdvgrdvvleqatledmcgstavnkpsleviydnv
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>704,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PAl_5  coded_by=10745..11641,organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PAl 5,definition=nitrongenase reductase Fe protein
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreydladalakrlnsklvhfvpranivqhaelrkqtvieyapdsaqageyrtlaqkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmllefgimktdeqalaelaakeakaaaala
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PAl_5  coded_by=complement(1747802..1748698),organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PAl 5,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreydladalakrlnsklvhfvpranivqhaelrkqtvieyapdsaqageyrtlaqkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmllefgimktdeqalaelaakeakaaaala
>Gluconacetobacter_diazotrophicus_PA1_5  coded_by=433531..434427,organism=Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus PA1 5,definition=nitrongenase reductase Fe protein; NifH
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreydladalakrlnsklvhfvpranivqhaelrkqtvieyapdsaqageyrtlaqkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmllefgimktdeqalaelaakeakaaaala
>Burkholderia_unamae  coded_by=<1..902,organism=Burkholderia unamae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
carsvcmeylhnsayrkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinflvrerrvrtastmspttcsvhvvcggfampixenkaheiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelglaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Hyphomicrobium_sp._MC1  coded_by=complement(3487667..3488551),organism=Hyphomicrobium sp. MC1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 2
msalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqanhyrslaekihanggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkqvdesqigksaaelata
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY581  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY581,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslakmlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY345  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY345,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslakmlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Methylobacterium_nodulans_ORS_2060  coded_by=complement(4072082..4072981),organism=Methylobacterium nodulans ORS 2060,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvekgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleleevlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealakrlnsqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrqtviqyapdsaqageyrklaekvhanagkgtiptpitmeeleqmlldfgimkteeqqlaelaakeaakaaaalr
>Heliobacterium_chlorum  coded_by=829..1683,organism=Heliobacterium chlorum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvsalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqatvmdlarekgtvedleledvlltgfadircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyaatgkvrlgglicnsrktdkeyeliaelasrlgtqmihflprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehpqadeyralakkidenkmlvvptplsmdeledllisygiledeetamaklg
>Sinorhizobium_kostiense  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Sinorhizobium kostiense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_str._'Miyazaki_F'  coded_by=3302404..3303234,organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris str. 'Miyazaki F',definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaealgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlrdegedvelddirkpgysttlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeedqkldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaesgavrlgglicnsrnvdnekemieelarkigtqmiyfvprdnqvqraeihrqtviefspehgqaqhyrnlakaidenqmfvvpkplqiaelekllmdyglfea
>Mesorhizobium_sp._R46044  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. R46044,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnxdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannxakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11206  coded_by=<1..>741,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11206,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelrtla
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgns
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnn
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>497,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilglaaaagsxedleiexvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrxvitsixfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaxxiyivmsgemmxmyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerxtdkelelaealakklgtqlih
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans  coded_by=1..876,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans,definition=NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsemgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqstvlslaaeagtvedleiedvmktgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdreydliealakrlntqlihfvprnnivqhaelrrmtvlefapessqaeeyrqlakkidanagkgtiptpitmddleellmdfgimksvdesligkkvdevaia
>Mesostigma_viride  coded_by=96877..97767,organism=Mesostigma viride,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvetekslnyvcefylniadqllarpegvvpnevpdrelfsllsdfylnpvntsnestnssieanqevessflii
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtt
>Nodularia_spumigena_CCY9414  coded_by=3888..4754,organism=Nodularia spumigena CCY9414,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfurATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdlidkyietvpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktlfemaehdpslsyvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpndtpdrelfsllsdfylnpgkhqvpnseealdlmiv
>Nodularia_spumigena_CCY9414  coded_by=3279478..3280344,organism=Nodularia spumigena CCY9414,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdlidkyietvpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktlfemaehdpslsyvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpndtpdrelfsllsdfylnpgkhqvpnseealdlmiv
>Dialister_invisus_DSM_15470  coded_by=complement(272379..273197),organism=Dialister invisus DSM 15470,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttasnvsaalslmgrkvcqigcdpkndstrlllghicketildkvraceiedikaedivhagfngitcvetggpepgvgcagrgiivslqlldklnalpsvdltlydvlgdvvcggfampiregyasdiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvrrfamrgnvrlagiignsrntpnekklltefakrlntklvafvprdrivnisenskqtvlqyapdsaqadiyrklandiwmneelsvptpitfeeleklvdiygten
>Fremyella_diplosiphon_Fd33  coded_by=complement(2406..3272),organism=Fremyella diplosiphon Fd33,definition=light independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdliekyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslsyvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpndaqdrelfsllsdfylnpnkpqvrnpeeeldlmiv
>Tolypothrix_sp._PCC_7601  coded_by=complement(117462..118328),organism=Tolypothrix sp. PCC 7601,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdliekyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslsyvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpndaqdrelfsllsdfylnpnkpqvrnpeeeldlmiv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_15766  coded_by=<1..>654,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 15766,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnng
>Mesorhizobium_caraganae  coded_by=<1..>668,organism=Mesorhizobium caraganae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ealtrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Rhizobium_sp._FB14022  coded_by=<1..>523,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB14022,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
esggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_sp._FB310  coded_by=<1..>523,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB310,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
esggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY384  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY384,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdqelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Ruminococcus_obeum_A2-162  coded_by=1668890..1669651,organism=Ruminococcus obeum A2-162,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafasmgkkviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnymreedeepetlediskegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetyqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaannissavqnfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenetqkvqafaqksnipivgeiprsdeiirwedqgktviegdknseisrrffdlaemllkaeeee
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CACua-01  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CACua-01,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqanvyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6186  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6186,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayeerdhvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgteliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlagrihnngg
>Clostridium_botulinum_A_str._ATCC_3502  coded_by=792504..793253,organism=Clostridium botulinum A str. ATCC 3502,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum  coded_by=307824..308573,organism=Clostridium botulinum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum_A_str._Hall  coded_by=766281..767030,organism=Clostridium botulinum A str. Hall,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum_A_str._ATCC_19397  coded_by=766114..766863,organism=Clostridium botulinum A str. ATCC 19397,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum  coded_by=819492..820241,organism=Clostridium botulinum,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Chlorella_variabilis  coded_by=40324..41226,organism=Chlorella variabilis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgygevdsveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanrivasvrekskthplrlaglignrtakrdlidkyvevcpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktvfemaeteqpltyicdfylniadqllaspegvipteledrelftllstfyltgnpqtqveteqtnttqltaksaseldfliv
>Chlorella_variabilis  coded_by=97535..98437,organism=Chlorella variabilis,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgygevdsveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanrivasvrekskthplrlaglignrtakrdlidkyvevcpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktvfemaeteqpltyicdfylniadqllaspegvipteledrelftllstfyltgnpqtqveteqtnttqltaksaseldfliv
>Chlorella_variabilis  coded_by=97535..98437,organism=Chlorella variabilis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgygevdsveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanrivasvrekskthplrlaglignrtakrdlidkyvevcpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktvfemaeteqpltyicdfylniadqllaspegvipteledrelftllstfyltgnpqtqveteqtnttqltaksaseldfliv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaevgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhtkaqttvlhlaaergavedldldevvlkgfrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiimainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvwggfaipiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>455,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
rrigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdikcvksggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=complement(3086543..3087454),organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msdqrtqrmvsmsaklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemdqrilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlklgykgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahtggvrlgglicnerrtdkelelaealaarlgcklihfvprdnivqhaelrrqtviqyapdcqqakeyralaekihansgkgvvptpitmeeleemlmefgimkseeqqlaelaakga
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>496,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH
gayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksd
>uncultured_Geobacter_sp.  coded_by=<1..>550,organism=uncultured Geobacter sp.,definition=NifH
krvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrekgtvedlelsdvlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstqmihyvpr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=complement(4690275..4691165),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrklaqkihnnggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesvvgktaaelaamsa
>Methanothermococcus_thermolithotrophicus  coded_by=574..1428,organism=Methanothermococcus thermolithotrophicus,definition=Methanococcus thermolithotrophicus nifHDK gene for nitrogenase (EC 1.7.99.2)
msfdeiapdakkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayffdkkvmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqdtvmdvlreegeeavtlekvrkigfkdilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdmmrelegypddldnlffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglaqeiyivtsgemmalyaanniakgilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnarnvdgekelmdefcdklgtklihyvprdnivqkaefnkmtviefdpecnqakeyrtlaknidendelvkptpmtmdeleelvvkyglidl
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ORS_3324  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ORS 3324,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
psiaaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvp
>Methanosarcina_barkeri  coded_by=211..1035,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri,definition=nitrogenase Mo-Fe protein
mrqiaiygkgwelekstttqnltaslstmgnkimlvgcdpkadstrmllgglnqktvldtlrsegdegvdldvvmqrgfgdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllenlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgelmaiyaannickglakfakggarlggiicnsrnvdgerelldafakklgshlihfiprdnivqraeinrktvidfdpesnqakeyltlahnvqnndklvvptplpmeeleammvefgivdl
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaylgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Clostridium_sporogenes_ATCC_15579  coded_by=945854..946603,organism=Clostridium sporogenes ATCC 15579,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamakmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielndlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihcmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmskhygtlakilleggk
>Thiorhodococcus_drewsii_AZ1  coded_by=complement(91462..92379),organism=Thiorhodococcus drewsii AZ1,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtnqelpvdmfgslpkqpdgegsvqvqldpdmridtakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidilesvdfhaeelrpsdyvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfatplqhaeralivtandfdsifamnriasailakskhygvrlggvianrsrntdeidrfvdavglkrlahlpdldiirrsrlkkstvfemdpepgsglegaqqqyldlaqrlwdgvepleahpmrdrdifdflgfd
>Sinorhizobium_saheli  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium saheli,definition=Sinorhizobium saheli partial nifH gene, strain ORS609
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_kostiense  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium kostiense,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1476
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_sp._HAMBI_1394  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. HAMBI 1394,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1394
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_saheli_bv._sesbaniae  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium saheli bv. sesbaniae,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6374  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6374,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaehyrnlatkihnngg
>Dechloromonas_aromatica_RCB  coded_by=complement(1544639..1545529),organism=Dechloromonas aromatica RCB,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maklrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaesgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvmhlaaeagsvedleledvlsvgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrntdredelimalagrlgttmihfvprdnavqhaeirrmtmveydpkhkqadeyrqlankivnntnfviptpiemeeleellmefgimeaedesivgqtaaelaaaaa
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri_biovar_biserrulae  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri biovar biserrulae,definition=NifH
nklilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeelegsl
>Sinorhizobium_sp._S007  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. S007,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlakalaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlae
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi  coded_by=<1..>686,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rdgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedieldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdxvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>Dethiobacter_alkaliphilus_AHT_1  coded_by=complement(9153..9974),organism=Dethiobacter alkaliphilus AHT 1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglsqktvldtlrdegedveledilldgygdcscvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsislleslgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmamyaanniakgiqkfansggvrlggiicnsrkvdnelelltafakemgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeinrktvidydpeqpqadeyrqlaqnidgndmfvvpkpmttdrleellmehgildl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33062  coded_by=<1..>800,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 33062,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gnsiygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampireskaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkgsqqwrqrdhsdpdlhgrtgrhan
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33039  coded_by=<1..>800,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 33039,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gnsiygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampireskaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkgsqqwrqrdhsdpdlhgrtgrhan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarclgtq
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_53044B  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 53044B,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qtsntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdeleeha
>Paenibacillus_sabinae  coded_by=2476..3354,organism=Paenibacillus sabinae,definition=NifH
mskkprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlattfgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaemgsvedleledvvstgfgdilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydgmdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfvprdngvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehnqaneykqladkilhnemltiptpiemdeleqlliefgvvedeetaikkleaagh
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=complement(818692..819519),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 2
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayfhdkhvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqatvmdtlriegaervtldkvvrtgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneayteeldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekeflaeftaaigtkmihyvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpdcnqaqeyrelgrkiientdfvipkplamdelesmvvkyglvd
>Rhodobacter_sp._AKP1  coded_by=complement(38012..38839),organism=Rhodobacter sp. AKP1,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) reductase and maturation protein AnfH
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayfhdkhvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqatvmdtlriegaervtldkvvrtgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneayteeldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekeflaeftaaigtkmihyvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpdcnqaqeyrelgrkiientdfvipkplamdelesmvvkyglvd
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>704,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=NifH
aemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_HI350  coded_by=3675888..3676715,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae HI350,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) reductase and maturation protein AnfH
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgknvfihgcdpkadctrlalggvpqttimdtlrelgeeavtvdnvvntgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeelgaysddldfvhfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdnelemmeefvsalgtqlihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvvefdpecnqakeygklakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmvaryglmd
>Methanosarcina_siciliae_T4/M  coded_by=3712952..3713779,organism=Methanosarcina siciliae T4/M,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) reductase and maturation protein AnfH
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgknvfihgcdpkadctrlalggvpqttimdtlrelgeeavtvdnvvntgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeelgaysddldfvhfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdnelemmeefvsalgtqlihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvvefdpecnqakeygklakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmvaryglmd
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=1446358..1447185,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase (iron protein)
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgknvfihgcdpkadctrlalggvpqttimdtlrelgeeavtvdnvvntgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeelgaysddldfvhfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdnelemmeefvsalgtqlihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvvefdpecnqakeygklakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmvaryglmd
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=1437519..1438346,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase (iron protein)
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgknvfihgcdpkadctrlalggvpqttimdtlrelgeeavtvdnvvntgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeelgaysddldfvhfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdnelemmeefvsalgtqlihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvvefdpecnqakeygklakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmvaryglmd
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=complement(4471450..4472247),organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase (iron protein)
mkkqkivaiygkggigksstasnvaaacaeagkkvmiigcdpksdssitllrgkriptildllregvdvqekdvvfegyagvkcveaggpepgigcagrgiivaiqklksisgdllkeqdliiydvpgdivcggfvapvrkgyvneayvltsgeymplyaannickglskigmplsgvicnsrnasreeeivrkfseeigsqlmafipkrqivqdceregysvmekapdsdiaevyrqlgksiltnekkvmashlsderlremtk
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=complement(5156158..5157054),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
malrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlalaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlntqlihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapdsqqakeyralatkihanggkgtiptpitmeeleqmlldfgimktdeqalaelqakeaakaaaasa
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF67044  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF67044,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ggigksttsqstlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaemlgtklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtviey
>Methanocaldococcus_fervens_AG86  coded_by=1068961..1069800,organism=Methanocaldococcus fervens AG86,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkfcvygkggigksttvsniaaalaeegkkvlvvgcdpkadttrnlvgrkiptvldvfrkkgadnmelgdivfegfggvycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdmlnrlgafealnpdvviydilgdvvcggfamplqkhladdvyivttcdpmaiyaannickgikryasrgkiglggiiyngrsvinapeivevfakkigtqvigripmsnlitkaeiyrktvieyapdseiadrfrelaiaiyknenrvipnplledeldkitekiddllkesvke
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CACua-09  coded_by=<1..852,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CACua-09,definition=NifH
gkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidespvgktaaelsa
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggka
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Eubacterium_hallii_DSM_3353  coded_by=5077..5856,organism=Eubacterium hallii DSM 3353,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiavygkggigkstvtsnlaaafasmgkkviqigcdpkadstinllggttpipvmnymreydedpetiediskvgyggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfslledlelfeihqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaskvlivtsgekmalyaanninnavknfedrsyakvygivlnhrnvenetekvtefadsvglpivgevprsdeitrcedrgmtvvegepespaaqaflnlakellenaqdtaeedvw
>Mesorhizobium_sp._rob11  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. rob11,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LMG_4270  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LMG 4270,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaek
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>719,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SDD10-1  coded_by=<1..>719,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SDD10-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>718,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_25437  coded_by=<1..>718,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 25437,definition=NifH
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqnslaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgns
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SR69  coded_by=<1..>694,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SR69,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gcdpkadstrlilhakapdailslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledm
>Anabaena_siamensis_TISTR_8012  coded_by=818..1705,organism=Anabaena siamensis TISTR 8012,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
msderirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaytdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdredelimnlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsneyralakkiinndkltiptpmemdeleallieyglldddtkhaeiigkpasask
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>694,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvqsggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkeqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlvglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledml
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY310  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY310,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdeelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY309  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY309,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdeelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvp
>Clostridium_cellulolyticum_H10  coded_by=complement(1953174..1954004),organism=Clostridium cellulolyticum H10,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mksikqiaiygkggigksttcsnisaalglmgykvlqigcdpkadstknlvggnkmpnildyvkensknisidnivtkgfantycieaggpepgigcagrgiisaieiieqlnlikeldievvvydvlgdvvcggfavplrmgfakdvylvtsgevmalyaanniskainrfaqrsdvrlggiicnqrnaylekeivnilssklgthiigwiprdnivqecelaektvvegspesnqaqvykelaksiiennnyviptplsdeefdkmvkeplikr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11231  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11231,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Aureoumbra_lagunensis  coded_by=48685..49542,organism=Aureoumbra lagunensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgfgnvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslhlaglignrtstrdlidkyikhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetnpdlnqvcdyylniadqiiaqpegvipeeasdrelfsllsdfylnpvenkvsdslelity
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsvnfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaheiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsvnfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaheiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_opportunistum_WSM2075  coded_by=<1..>722,organism=Mesorhizobium opportunistum WSM2075,definition=NifH
nklilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeelegsli
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=247..1074,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=nitrogenase 3 subunit H
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayfhdkkvfthgcdpkadstrlilggkpeetlmdmvrdkgaekitnddvikkgfldiqcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeengaytddldfvffddlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsavglggiicnsrkvdgeresveeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefapeenqakeygelarkiiendefvipkpltmdqledmvvkygiad
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpismdel
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>703,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
dlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_051121  coded_by=<1..>703,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 051121,definition=NifH
dlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>702,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
dlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprn
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilmvgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedvdleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayeeldlvsydvfgevvcgglampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=complement(1737371..1738198),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalafyhdknvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqdtvmdtlrtlgaekvtlenvvksgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeankaytddldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefleeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefdpaaeqaheykqlgaaiidnkdfvipkpltmdqleamvvkyglmd
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(197587..198414),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=nitrogenase iron protein (nitrogenase component II) (nitrogenase reductase)
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalafyhdknvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqdtvmdtlrtlgaekvtlenvvksgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeankaytddldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefleeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefdpaaeqaheykqlgaaiidnkdfvipkpltmdqleamvvkyglmd
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=complement(24335..25090),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaamglkvlqigcdpkadstrnltggeniptvldtlreqsdatleelvvesstgvlcveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldaytiyrpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatnishavksfgkrgyaslrglilnaknfageqelvdkaaaeigapvlyrlprdpavqqaeaqgktvveafpdsemaghytalakllleedaka
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=complement(734184..735071),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mfdetmrqppdgegsvqvemdpalhietakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvvqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidvlqavhfhteelrvedfvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhiledadvvvfdvlgdvvcggfatplqhaeralvvaandfdsifaanriaaaiqakaknydvrlggiianrsvatdqierfnarsgmrtlahfpdldvirrsrlckstlfemepspelaavqqeylrlaealwegvepltatplidreifdllgfd
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=complement(734184..735071),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mfdetmrqppdgegsvqvemdpalhietakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvvqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidvlqavhfhteelrvedfvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhiledadvvvfdvlgdvvcggfatplqhaeralvvaandfdsifaanriaaaiqakaknydvrlggiianrsvatdqierfnarsgmrtlahfpdldvirrsrlckstlfemepspelaavqqeylrlaealwegvepltatplidreifdllgfd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengtyedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgaitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>454,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
iqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmi
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>555),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=NifH
sgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlcrt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlhladvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdreydladalskrlgsk
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=3867806..3868678,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=Nitrogenase
mihapkhiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaesgqrviqvgcdpkadsttilrggadlptvldtlrersrttiesisaigfggvlcieaggpvpgvgcagrgisaaidllyeldvfetfkpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirdgiaskafvvtssdfmaifaannlfkaiqkyaptggarlggiianglqasyarplvddfaartgtrvvgyvprsltvaqgelygqtviesaprseqadiyravaraivdeeettvphplsdpdlkswarqwgdrafaeekklvavgggi
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=2481760..2482587,organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntacalshfhnkkvfihgcdpkadctrlalggkpqdtimdmlreqgedaitvekvvktgfegircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaislmedlgaytedldfvhfdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannisrgllkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdnehelmdefvtalgtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkksvveyddncnqaheyetlakkiienemfvvpspldmdclekmvskyglmd
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=1979..2857,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=NifH2 protein
mskkprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlattfgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaelgsvedleledvvatgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydgmdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelitelarrlntqmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehpqaneykqladkilhnekltiptpiemdeleqllidfgvvedeetaikkleaagh
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=492099..492977,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mskkprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlattfgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaelgsvedleledvvatgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydgmdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelitelarrlntqmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehpqaneykqladkilhnekltiptpiemdeleqllidfgvvedeetaikkleaagh
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>458),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaaladlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkigyedikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Methanothermus_fervidus_DSM_2088  coded_by=367541..368353,organism=Methanothermus fervidus DSM 2088,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mkkrkqrriaiygkggigkstivsniaaaysdkykvlvigcdpksdttrtlygsriptvlhilkekkepkvedvvyvgyngvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamnlleklgvfresldiiiydvlgdvvcggfavplredyadevyivtsgeymslyaannickgikrlkgrlggiicncrgikneveivekfakkigskvvgviprsdlvqkseiegktviekfpkseqakiyrdlaksiylnkdfvepkpmsidelekfiknlynvs
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>579,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfip
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedaeledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedaeledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Coprococcus_comes_ATCC_27758  coded_by=complement(55657..56412),organism=Coprococcus comes ATCC 27758,definition=hypothetical protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstitsnlaaafaamgkkviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeelsdiakegyggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlqlfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenetekvqafseksgipivgeiprsdeiiryedqgmtviegdkdsaiskrffdlaelllksee
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._IRBG_2  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. IRBG 2,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmal
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglasigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrergtvedleledvlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregeaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3875  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3875,definition=NifH
vesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaqkihlnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeq
>Pinus_peuce  coded_by=90999..91874,organism=Pinus peuce,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkniqenflgftri
>Pinus_lambertiana  coded_by=91892..92767,organism=Pinus lambertiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkniqenflgftri
>Pinus_flexilis  coded_by=91817..92692,organism=Pinus flexilis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkniqenflgftri
>Pinus_ayacahuite  coded_by=91867..92742,organism=Pinus ayacahuite,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkniqenflgftri
>Pinus_strobus  coded_by=91380..92255,organism=Pinus strobus,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkniqenflgftri
>Pinus_chiapensis  coded_by=91417..92292,organism=Pinus chiapensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkniqenflgftri
>Pinus_strobiformis  coded_by=91242..92117,organism=Pinus strobiformis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkniqenflgftri
>Pinus_strobus  coded_by=89758..90633,organism=Pinus strobus,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkniqenflgftri
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaalmdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilsvaadagsvedlelddvmnigyndircvesggpepgvgwagrglitsinfleengaydgvdydsydelgdvvcgglamairenkaqdiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Thiorhodococcus_drewsii_AZ1  coded_by=complement(77326..78309),organism=Thiorhodococcus drewsii AZ1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvpvnapvpsassqaatdpaaapaiketqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdtatllfggrncptilgvssekkkagesvaigdicfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleglgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrglggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaegvdipilatipaheeirrksanyeiigipdgewgplfaelatnvaeappvrpkplaheallnlfkgdqvgrhvvleparpedmcdaaaiakpslevvyddv
>Synechococcus_elongatus_PCC_7942  coded_by=1487..2347,organism=Synechococcus elongatus PCC 7942,definition=FrxC protein
mklsvygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdycliitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthtlrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktvfemaetepslltvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpkdaadrdlfsllsdfylnppkqtteaiapeallv
>Synechococcus_elongatus_PCC_6301  coded_by=complement(147355..148215),organism=Synechococcus elongatus PCC 6301,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit ChlL
mklsvygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdycliitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthtlrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktvfemaetepslltvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpkdaadrdlfsllsdfylnppkqtteaiapeallv
>Synechococcus_elongatus_PCC_7942  coded_by=1472585..1473445,organism=Synechococcus elongatus PCC 7942,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklsvygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdycliitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthtlrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktvfemaetepslltvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpkdaadrdlfsllsdfylnppkqtteaiapeallv
>Synechococcus_sp._UTEX_2973  coded_by=complement(1791021..1791881),organism=Synechococcus sp. UTEX 2973,definition=protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase
mklsvygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdycliitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthtlrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktvfemaetepslltvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpkdaadrdlfsllsdfylnppkqtteaiapeallv
>Mesorhizobium_sp._STM_4661  coded_by=complement(51097..51990),organism=Mesorhizobium sp. STM 4661,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaklavaq
>Mesorhizobium_loti_NZP2037  coded_by=130771..131664,organism=Mesorhizobium loti NZP2037,definition=nitrogenase reductase, NifH
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaklavaq
>Mesorhizobium_loti_R7A  coded_by=complement(60905..61798),organism=Mesorhizobium loti R7A,definition=PROBABLE NITROGENASE IRON PROTEIN NIFH
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaklavaq
>Thujopsis_dolabrata  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Thujopsis dolabrata,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlgglvgnrtsqrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrikgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemiamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..866,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelhskearegggpvvtlalp
>Syntrophothermus_lipocalidus_DSM_12680  coded_by=complement(2165302..2166129),organism=Syntrophothermus lipocalidus DSM 12680,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaalayfygkkvlihgcdpkadctrmvlggkpqetvmdtlrelgedavtlekvvktgfcgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeelgaytpdldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampvregkaeeiyivasgemmalyaannicrgmikyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgerelmeefckrigtqlihfvprdnivqkaefsrqtvtefdpdcnqareykelarkiienemfvipkpmtmdemealvvkyglld
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedieldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Methanobacterium_paludis  coded_by=1108639..1109517,organism=Methanobacterium paludis,definition=Nitrogenase
mtkrkqiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsdigysvmqigcdpkndstttlhkgkaiptvldtvrsrsndfdkvihegyngvqcveaggpepgvgcagrgiiaaielldtngiiddydpdiviydvlgdvvcggfaipirqgiaeqvytvtssdymaiyavnnlfkgilkysgsggallggiignsikriaqkdmiddfsdktgtnvieyiprsstvtqceldgvttiegapdsqqaqiyrdlaqkivdnkqkyipkpfdaddlsdwastwinrilteekvssrgiqkegggv
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=nitrogenase reductase
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeele
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstthqktmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlviilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedldldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrtsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfgampirqgkaqeiymvtsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlimnvkaqntvlslaaeagsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerrtdreldlsealakklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtgkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3047  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3047,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RSB6  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RSB6,definition=NifH
alaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpism
>Burkholderia_sabiae  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Burkholderia sabiae,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvi
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirgnkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SR66  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SR66,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-29  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-29,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyasdsqqadhyrnlatrihnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-29  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-29,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyasdsqqadhyrnlatrihnnggkgiiptpismd
>Frankia_sp._BR  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. BR,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._KB5  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. KB5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._Allo2  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. Allo2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Paludibacter_propionicigenes_WB4  coded_by=1691203..1692027,organism=Paludibacter propionicigenes WB4,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglaqktvldtlrdegedidlddvmkpgfkatscvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydedkaldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivcsgemmamyaannicksiskfgkvgtvrlgglicnsrkvdneanmieefakklgtqmihfvprdnmvqhaeinrktvidhapehpqadeyralakkindntmhviptplamseledllvgfgiln
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvdldqkvliigcdpnadstglivhanaqdtvlhlaaeagsveeleledvlkigykgikcvesggpkpgvgcaggrvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvwggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpdpgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpdpgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpdpgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Slackia_exigua_ATCC_700122  coded_by=complement(97506..98495),organism=Slackia exigua ATCC 700122,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mdnangrsgsslrreidvqqeinlhqgsgprsisdprqgiglqqgtyshqdrgteprqvafygkggigkstvsqniaaalasagrkvmvvgcdpkadctsmltgeflndtvleqvralsrgsrleegvgdvvktgfagiacieaggpepgvgcagrgiiaaidlikrkgliddsldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirqgfareiylvtsgemmslyaannickgvrryassgqariggiicncrnveremdlvsgfakaigcpvlgvvprdalvqkaeahqktvvehapessqaqayrklaqaledneifvvpdplsrealrdlvlrygd
>Sinorhizobium_sp._S002  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. S002,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyralagkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlae
>Sinorhizobium_sp._C4  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. C4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyralagkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlae
>Candidatus_Azobacteroides_pseudotrichonymphae_genomovar._CFP2  coded_by=782754..783578,organism=Candidatus Azobacteroides pseudotrichonymphae genomovar. CFP2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglaqktvldtlrdegedveledvmkkgfkdtscvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydddkqldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivcsgemmamyaannicksihkfgkvgdvrlgglicnsrkvdneanmigefakklgtqmihfvprdnmvqhaeinrktvidyapdhsqadeyrtlaskidnntmmvipnplsiqeledlligfgimn
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=5609023..5609916,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
msidkkirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleldevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvdreielietlakrlntqmihyvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgneyrilankiinnenlkiptpiemeeleelliefgileseenaakmiattsesksk
>Nostoc_punctiforme_PCC_73102  coded_by=7297077..7298042,organism=Nostoc punctiforme PCC 73102,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msdekirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaevgkrilivgcdpkadstrlilhckaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevvitgfrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaysdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamfaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelistlaarlstqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdskqaheyrtladkiinntnlavptpiemdeledlliefgileseenaaklisqadaakkqedaegealealkkgnveivsgsekk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
hlaategsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihlnsgqgtiptpitmdeledml
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqntvlslaaeagsvedlepedvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakklnsk
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>728,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
alvdlgqkilvvgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdeledl
>Bradyrhizobium_rifense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium rifense,definition=NifH
laelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Halorhodospira_halophila  coded_by=216..1091,organism=Halorhodospira halophila,definition=Fe protein of nitrogenase
mrqaaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaekgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqntvmhlaaeagsvedleledvlqvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaanniakgivkyassggvrmaglicnsrntdredelienlasrlgtqmigfiprdnmvqhaeirrmtvieynpeckqadvyreladnvinntqmvvptplgmddledllmefgileeedesivgqkadetasa
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=61..888,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=Clostridium pasteurianum nifH3 gene (nifH1-like sequence)
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamahfydkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmpqktlmdmlrdegeekittenivrvgyedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickglvkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrmvdlerefieefaasigtqmihfmprdnivqkaefnkqtviefddtcnqakeygelarkiienemfviptplkmddleamvvkygmtd
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(47873..48700),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamahfydkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmpqktlmdmlrdegeekittenivrvgyedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickglvkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrmvdlerefieefaasigtqmihfmprdnivqkaefnkqtviefddtcnqakeygelarkiienemfviptplkmddleamvvkygmtd
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=3701149..3701976,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamahfydkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmpqktlmdmlrdegeekittenivrvgyedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickglvkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrmvdlerefieefaasigtqmihfmprdnivqkaefnkqtviefddtcnqakeygelarkiienemfviptplkmddleamvvkygmtd
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(4075404..4076231),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamahfydkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmpqktlmdmlrdegeekittenivrvgyedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickglvkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrmvdlerefieefaasigtqmihfmprdnivqkaefnkqtviefddtcnqakeygelarkiienemfviptplkmddleamvvkygmtd
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(4075196..4076023),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamahfydkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmpqktlmdmlrdegeekittenivrvgyedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickglvkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrmvdlerefieefaasigtqmihfmprdnivqkaefnkqtviefddtcnqakeygelarkiienemfviptplkmddleamvvkygmtd
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=336228..337055,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamahfydkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmpqktlmdmlrdegeekittenivrvgyedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickglvkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrmvdlerefieefaasigtqmihfmprdnivqkaefnkqtviefddtcnqakeygelarkiienemfviptplkmddleamvvkygmtd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlytqmihfiprnnvv
>Aurantimonas_sp._CCNWGS0021-2  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Aurantimonas sp. CCNWGS0021-2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmwgrt
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-5  coded_by=<1..>699,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-5,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqaehyrnlatkihn
>Sciadopitys_verticillata  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Sciadopitys verticillata,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnytdyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpiievlpliedirvsrikgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegiipke
>Bradyrhizobium_daqingense  coded_by=<1..>697,organism=Bradyrhizobium daqingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Ensifer_sojae  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Ensifer sojae,definition=NifH
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Ensifer_sojae  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Ensifer sojae,definition=NifH
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Ensifer_sojae  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Ensifer sojae,definition=NifH
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Ensifer_sojae  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Ensifer sojae,definition=NifH
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_CCBAU_05557  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii CCBAU 05557,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05617  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05617,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05600  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05600,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05672  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05672,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_336  coded_by=<1..>584,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 336,definition=NifH
trlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadh
>Pyramidobacter_piscolens_W5455  coded_by=1248..2003,organism=Pyramidobacter piscolens W5455,definition=nitrogenase iron protein (Nitrogenase component II)(Nitrogenase Fe protein) (Nitrogenase reductase)
mikiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsrlghkvmqigcdpksdstktlmggariptvldrirekgatgvaledivftgfngilcveaggptpgigcagrgiitafekleelgaydayrpdvvfydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadrvlivtsgemmalyaasnivsavnnfgkrgyagvaglilnsrnvadeqalvekaasemgtrvlytvprdgavqaaeaqgrtvvealpdspmasryrelaqkvmevcp
>Microcoleus_chthonoplastes_CCY9603  coded_by=<1..>466,organism=Microcoleus chthonoplastes CCY9603,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tqntvaglvelgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlllgglhqksvldtlreegddvdleeirkegygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaydecegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannicrgiqkyae
>Candidatus_Atelocyanobacterium_thalassa_isolate_ALOHA  coded_by=889488..890360,organism=Candidatus Atelocyanobacterium thalassa isolate ALOHA,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtsqrdlidkyiesvpipvleilplieeirvsrvkgktlfemadkdpsleyvcefylniadqllampegvipndaqdrelftllsdfylnppesssgtqdqeldlmmv
>Methylobacterium_sp._4-46  coded_by=3943666..3944565,organism=Methylobacterium sp. 4-46,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkigyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealakrlnsqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrqtvieyapasaqaaeyrklaqkvhenggkgtiptpitmeeleqmlldfgimkteeqqlaelaakeaakaaaavh
>Burkholderia_sp._KJ006  coded_by=483231..484112,organism=Burkholderia sp. KJ006,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
msqlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdskqaneyrqlankihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimsaidesqvgktaselta
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis_G4  coded_by=589594..590475,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis G4,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
msqlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdskqaneyrqlankihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimsaidesqvgktaselta
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis_LMG_10929  coded_by=538269..539150,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis LMG 10929,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msqlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdskqaneyrqlankihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimsaidesqvgktaselta
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=complement(47202..48083),organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msqlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdskqaneyrqlankihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimsaidesqvgktaselta
>Clostridium_citroniae_WAL-17108  coded_by=59670..60449,organism=Clostridium citroniae WAL-17108,definition=hypothetical protein
mlkiavygkggigkstissnlsvalakrgfkvmqigcdpkadstiqlhhgngvasildtirakgdeagleelvtegsegvlcaeaggptpgmgcagrgiitafealearhafdiyqpdvviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyadkvfivtsgenmavyaaaniasavksfeargyaslggiilnrrnvkreqekveelardmgtaiiasldfsplvgeaeelgqtvmeafpdsdvaagylklsdavlaacgedevkvaya
>[Clostridium]_citroniae_WAL-19142  coded_by=complement(155144..155923),organism=[Clostridium] citroniae WAL-19142,definition=hypothetical protein
mlkiavygkggigkstissnlsvalakrgfkvmqigcdpkadstiqlhhgngvasildtirakgdeagleelvtegsegvlcaeaggptpgmgcagrgiitafealearhafdiyqpdvviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyadkvfivtsgenmavyaaaniasavksfeargyaslggiilnrrnvkreqekveelardmgtaiiasldfsplvgeaeelgqtvmeafpdsdvaagylklsdavlaacgedevkvaya
>Clostridium_sp._FS41  coded_by=181369..182148,organism=Clostridium sp. FS41,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 1
mlkiavygkggigkstissnlsvalakrgfkvmqigcdpkadstiqlhhgngvasildtirakgdeagleelvtegsegvlcaeaggptpgmgcagrgiitafealearhafdiyqpdvviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyadkvfivtsgenmavyaaaniasavksfeargyaslggiilnrrnvkreqekveelardmgtaiiasldfsplvgeaeelgqtvmeafpdsdvaagylklsdavlaacgedevkvaya
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._21LBIV  coded_by=<1..>740,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 21LBIV,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqga
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._15LBIV  coded_by=<1..>740,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 15LBIV,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqga
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3809  coded_by=36097..37095,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3809,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit, 35.5 kDa chain
mnaptkisamtdalraeaaiepdapvtaapkkatqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiletsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelieklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafadavgipvlasipadddirrksasyqiigrpgtawaplfellatnvaeappqhphpltqdgllglfkasevgrdvvleqatledmcgstavakpsleviydnv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._31S4  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 31S4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._28S4  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 28S4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._27S4  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 27S4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._HO199  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. HO199,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._HO186  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. HO186,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35186-1  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 35186-1,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgirkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilrakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsr
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=1649735..1650628,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP- binding protein BchL
mspkdltiptgadgegsvqvhldeadkitgakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsilgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidvlkdvdfhpeelrpedfvfegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadqavvvtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknykvrlagcvanrsratdevdrfcketnfrrlahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfemdedqdvlaaraeyirlaeslwrgldpidphslpdrdifellgfd
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17029  coded_by=2049905..2050798,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17029,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mspkdltiptgadgegsvqvhldeadkitgakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsilgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidvlkdvdfhpeelrpedfvfegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadqavvvtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknykvrlagcvanrsratdevdrfcketnfrrlahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfemdedqdvlaaraeyirlaeslwrgldpidphslpdrdifellgfd
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_2.4.1  coded_by=2017535..2018428,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides 2.4.1,definition=ferredoxin protochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mspkdltiptgadgegsvqvhldeadkitgakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsilgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidvlkdvdfhpeelrpedfvfegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadqavvvtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknykvrlagcvanrsratdevdrfcketnfrrlahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfemdedqdvlaaraeyirlaeslwrgldpidphslpdrdifellgfd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>Chlorobaculum_macestae  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Chlorobaculum macestae,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaeagkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikegykgsrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgayddewnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemma
>Rhizobium_sp._CCNWSX0878  coded_by=<1..>667,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCNWSX0878,definition=nitrogenase reductase
fafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtv
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9303  coded_by=complement(726414..727304),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9303,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgegsvqvqqdasvriqegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthrmvptvidileevdfhseelrpddfmfegfngvkcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsadldqiekfnketglktmahfknvdairrsrlkkctifemdsseegvlecqneylalaqkmidkvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Micromonospora_saelicesensis  coded_by=<1..>611,organism=Micromonospora saelicesensis,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniarxilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelixelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqxaelrrmt
>Selaginella_moellendorffii  coded_by=110680..111555,organism=Selaginella moellendorffii,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mktavhgkggigksttsrntpvasarrgkrvsqtgcdpkhdstptltgsptptiidtlrskdyhyedarpedvthegyggvgraeaggppagagcggyavgetaklpkesnalheydiipsdvlgdvacggpasppnhadhrttitdngfdasfatnrtaasvrekarmhplrsaglignrtlkrdlldkyveacpmpvseappptehirvsrvkgktsfemvesqphpnyvcdshpdtadqalsqpegiapkevsdresssslsdshsnpirsegggndqenlldpakmi
>Frankia_sp._EUN1f  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. EUN1f,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Synechococcus_sp._CC9605  coded_by=complement(706181..707071),organism=Synechococcus sp. CC9605,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mttiltrpadgegsvqvhqdpalniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfrdvdairrsrlkkctifemddadeavqavqneylrlaqnmldkvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvxydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvxydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-17  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-17,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgviptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-17  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-17,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgviptpismd
>Desulfomicrobium_baculatum_DSM_4028  coded_by=907343..908173,organism=Desulfomicrobium baculatum DSM 4028,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglselgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlrdegedveladirkagfngtwcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayhesealdyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaesgsvrlgglicnsrnvdneremieelakkigtqmiyfvprdndvqraeinrmtviewnpkapqadhyrnlakaidqntnfvvpkpleiqeleqllmdfglleav
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttthntvaglaslgkrvmivgcdpnadstrlilqakaqttvmdlvrekgtvqdleledvlrtgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcgglampiregnaednynvcsgemmamyaanni
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(15361..>15916),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
epgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytsdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggvicnsrkvdkerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydaecnqaleygelarkiienknfvipkplsmdeleamvvkygiad
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF66166  coded_by=<1..809,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF66166,definition=nitrogenase reductase
grlsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaemlgtklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyapdcaqageyralaekihnnggngviptpitmdqledllmakgilvqideskvgktaselta
>Prosthecochloris_aestuarii_DSM_271  coded_by=1675561..1676658,organism=Prosthecochloris aestuarii DSM 271,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mkprtiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfammgkkvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggislptvtdvfaeknaknlkveisdivfkkeipgigqpvygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdvleklgiftwdidiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevillttndrqsiftannicqannyfktvggqskllgliinrddgsgiaekyaraaginvlmqlpyntaardrddsfdfavkipdigekfrhlatdiierrippceaagldfpefvrlfgdvsnalpipakaeelqkratakqhpsnppsavnqqllacidnlpeeereiyvmmevekkttaetamlkgieeavvsdllqsarthlkklffas
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_303  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 303,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrxgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapxsvqaxh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_298  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 298,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrxgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapxsvqaxh
>uncultured_proteobacterium_DelRiverFos13D03  coded_by=7954..8853,organism=uncultured proteobacterium DelRiverFos13D03,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase
msldavpilrgldgegsvqvhqdadtkiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafsmmgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgrlqatvidilkdvdfhaeelrpedyvaegfngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadravivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksgnykvrlagcvanrsretnevdrycervgfnrlahmpdidairrsrlkkktlfemddeqdivmaraeymrladtlwrsvggegsspaplpdreifellgfd
>Frankia_sp._EAN1pec  coded_by=complement(8386074..8386943),organism=Frankia sp. EAN1pec,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpensqaneyrqlakkidendmktiptpismdeleelliefgimeqedesiigqkanatva
>Arcobacter_nitrofigilis_DSM_7299  coded_by=complement(48063..48977),organism=Arcobacter nitrofigilis DSM 7299,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamchyygkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqctimqlaseagtvedleledvckpgagefhpennditegyinctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytdeldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantggvrlaglicnarmtdkeydlskhlamqigtqmihfvprsnhvqraelrrmtvvefapssdqameykelarkiiandlkvipeplemddleallmefgleeevdeenlgkkaeea
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_65788  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 65788,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqaehyrnlaskvhnnggka
>Dehalococcoides_mccartyi_195  coded_by=complement(1059782..1060606),organism=Dehalococcoides mccartyi 195,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgrkvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldlvrktgfgntlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitavnlmeqlggyesdspldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeevyivcsgemmamyaannickgirkfadagsvklgglicnsrmvdnekemiaefakrlgtqmihfvprdndvqraeinkktviewnpqakqadeyralakaidnnqmfvvpkpisvdelesllvefgvis
>Dehalococcoides_mccartyi_CG4  coded_by=complement(967892..968716),organism=Dehalococcoides mccartyi CG4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgrkvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldlvrktgfgntlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitavnlmeqlggyesdspldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeevyivcsgemmamyaannickgirkfadagsvklgglicnsrmvdnekemiaefakrlgtqmihfvprdndvqraeinkktviewnpqakqadeyralakaidnnqmfvvpkpisvdelesllvefgvis
>Desulfotomaculum_reducens_MI-1  coded_by=complement(3061934..3062752),organism=Desulfotomaculum reducens MI-1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegedidledvlktgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytndldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivasgemmalyaanniskgvqkfantggvrlggiicnsrkvdnelelltafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeinkktvidfdpaqpqadeyrtlaqnidgndmfvipkpmtqdrleellmahgild
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>788,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
iygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdkledml
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA18  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA18,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapds
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83317  coded_by=<1..>713,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83317,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-1  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-1,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdseqadhyrnlatkihnnggk
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9215  coded_by=complement(548498..549385),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9215,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtstinkpldgegsvqvkqdpkinieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpndfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaikakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfnertglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvievqneylslaknmlenveplegnplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9302  coded_by=complement(179609..180496),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9302,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtstinkpldgegsvqvkqdpkinieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpndfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaikakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfnertglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvievqneylslaknmlenveplegnplkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqsircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51472  coded_by=complement(431272..432141),organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51472,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemtesdpsldyvcnyylniadqllampegvipndaqdrelftllsdfylnpqapkqteedeldlmmv
>Frankia_sp._R96  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. R96,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._EuI1c(2009)  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. EuI1c(2009),definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkg
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11206  coded_by=<1..825,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11206,definition=NifH
tlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeatkaaaq
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83948  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83948,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklttfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaamaeakqrvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhekaqntimqlaaeaggvedlelemvmkvgygntkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsiispkeegaydkdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemma
>Roseiflexus_castenholzii_DSM_13941  coded_by=complement(4914721..4915899),organism=Roseiflexus castenholzii DSM 13941,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
maprmiaiygkggmgksfftsnltarlaydgyrvlqlgcdpkhdscntifgghslptlgdqwrlfreagkedqlsigdvifrnelrpgvvifgcelggpevgrgcggqgistgfkvlenlgmsrwnldfivmdflgdvvcggfatplarslaeqviilvghdrqslyaanniaraaqyfrsmggttqilglvvnrddgsdtadqyaaavglpiltrvplsrkvreladacrlaledeqfnqifgdlakriargelqpvdtytplsydeflrvfgaeeppgrpdsaraedlfgektpvftvpilslkpvipqvqvtdpvqlkvqqmieaigmyvtdmvrserdgitvtsgsveirlgepqdlehkvaflsalrrsgqafsfvdlryadaptyr
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7425  coded_by=3963503..3964363,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7425,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyenvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthvlrlaglignrtakrdlidkyveavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpqgapdrdlfallsdfylnpapnkveqedlelmmv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=NifH
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Lyngbya_sp._PCC_8106  coded_by=complement(7811..8677),organism=Lyngbya sp. PCC 8106,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklsvygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyediwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyidsvpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsepegvvpqdvpdrelfallsdfylnpsqppvqnkedeldlmmv
>Frankia_sp._ACN1ag(2009)  coded_by=<1..>555,organism=Frankia sp. ACN1ag(2009),definition=dinitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlhtqmihfipr
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..870,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
iygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..870,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifH
iygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnv
>Methanocaldococcus_infernus_ME  coded_by=complement(35872..36726),organism=Methanocaldococcus infernus ME,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msfdeiapnakkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayyyklkgmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqetvmdvlreegeegvtlekvrkvgfcgiycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavnlmkelggypddldflffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglakeiyivssgemmalyaanniakgilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgerelmeefcdklgtklihfiprdnivqkaefnkmtvvefapdhpqaleykklgkkimdndelviptplsmdeleklvekyglydk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans  coded_by=798..1592,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans,definition=NifH
mgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqstvlslaaeagtvedleiedvmktgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdreydliealakrlntqlihfvprnnivqhaelrrmtvlefapessqaeeyrqlakkidanagkgtiptpitmddleellmdfgimksvdesligkkvdevaia
>Novosphingobium_sp._Rr_2-17  coded_by=complement(53579..54460),organism=Novosphingobium sp. Rr 2-17,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhakcqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyamsggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslagklgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapeskqaqeyrdlaqkihnnagkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgilatvdetqvgksaaelavg
>Bradyrhizobium_arachidis  coded_by=<1..>686,organism=Bradyrhizobium arachidis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhknggkgiiptpism
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY479  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY479,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhael
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._TSA44  coded_by=<1..>625,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. TSA44,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrklaakih
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntilslaaaagtvedleleevmktgyrdtrcvesggpesgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegayenldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmaiyaanni
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_110  coded_by=1928567..1929451,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 110,definition=dinitrogenase reductase protein
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=50082..50966,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=325..1209,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=Rhizobium japonicum nifH gene encoding nitrogenase Fe
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=1..885,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase protein
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_6  coded_by=complement(8325041..8325925),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase protein
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=21435..22319,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(8052..8936),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(8356905..8357789),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=21644..22528,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgiikavdesiigktaaelaas
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-20  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-20,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqaqhyrnlatkvhnnggkgviptpitmd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_372  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 372,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapxsvqaxh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_361  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 361,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapxsvqaxh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_324  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 324,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapxsvqaxh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_307  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 307,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapxsvqaxh
>Pinus_armandii  coded_by=<1..>645,organism=Pinus armandii,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL subunit
dpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihegyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalsaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegiv
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides  coded_by=complement(2950..3843),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides,definition=protochlorphyllide reductase iron protein subunit
mspkdltiptgadgegsvqvhldeadkitgakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsilgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidvlkdvdfhpeelrpedfvfegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadqavvvtandfdsiyamnriiaaaqaksknykvrlagcvanrsratdevdrfcketnfrrlahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfemdedqdvlaaraeyirvaeslwrgldpidphslpdrdifellgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_328  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 328,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqagh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_327  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 327,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqagh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_310  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 310,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqagh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_300  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 300,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqagh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqagh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_277  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 277,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqagh
>Clostridium_ljungdahlii_DSM_13528  coded_by=526644..527462,organism=Clostridium ljungdahlii DSM 13528,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaemgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdldeilkkgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmamyaanniskgiskfansggvrlggiicnsrkvenerelleafakklgtqliyfvprshdvqkaeinkqtviefspeveqadeyralakaidgndmfvipkpmaqddleailmehglmd
>Clostridium_autoethanogenum_DSM_10061  coded_by=2764647..2765465,organism=Clostridium autoethanogenum DSM 10061,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaemgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdldeilkkgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmamyaanniskgiskfansggvrlggiicnsrkvenerelleafakklgtqliyfvprshdvqkaeinkqtviefspeveqadeyralakaidgndmfvipkpmaqddleailmehglmd
>Methylococcus_capsulatus  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylococcus capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegaydgidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methylococcus_capsulatus  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylococcus capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegaydgidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methylococcus_capsulatus  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylococcus capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegaydgidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsgdvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Desulfobacca_acetoxidans_DSM_11109  coded_by=428480..429304,organism=Desulfobacca acetoxidans DSM 11109,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedvdledirrlgfsgiicvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayadsekldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkfaeaggvrlgglicnsrkveneeemiqalavklgtqmihfiprdnivqraeihrktvidydsghpqadeyrtlakkieantmhvipkpmstdelesllieyglag
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
dyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Fokienia_hodginsii  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Fokienia hodginsii,definition=FrxC
scnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>570,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DSM_13060  coded_by=complement(252..1145),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DSM 13060,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mnitirnpvpvrreegslqvgldpndrietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelraedfvvegyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihtksknygvrlggvianrsagtdeidrfnaavglrrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemeptpelkavtdeymqlaetlwagadpceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>Thiocapsa_roseopersicina  coded_by=4513..5397,organism=Thiocapsa roseopersicina,definition=BchL
mlgdfsghpdgegsvqvqldpdiridtakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidilesvdfhaeelrpsdyvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhaeralivtandfdsifamnriaaaiqakakhygvriggvianrsvntdeidrfndavglkrlahlpdldvirrsrlkkstlfemdeapgleharseylrlaqmlwdgvepldaqpmrdrdifdflgfd
>Mesorhizobium_sp._R46110  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. R46110,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_sp._R46071  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. R46071,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_sp._SCAU202A  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. SCAU202A,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Methylocystis_parvus_OBBP  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylocystis parvus OBBP,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgfqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY279  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY279,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnlvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY278  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY278,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnlvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY277  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY277,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnlvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY276  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY276,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnlvqhael
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Bryopsis_hypnoides  coded_by=complement(65228..66103),organism=Bryopsis hypnoides,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkisiygkggigkstiscnisialarrgkkilqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqlkdyhyedvwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdyclivtdngfdalfaanritasvreksrthplrlaglignrtqkrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfelseqekqlnyvcdfylnivdqllsnpegvvpkeladkqlfqllsdfyltkdnltktteqpnlnnldflll
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlkvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlkvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>743,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_huakuii  coded_by=<1..840,organism=Mesorhizobium huakuii,definition=NifH
edvantlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealatrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>Geobacter_sulfurreducens_KN400  coded_by=complement(2998335..2999204),organism=Geobacter sulfurreducens KN400,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglatlgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvmdlvrdmgtvedleledvlkvgfkdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkysssgkvrlgglicnsrntdreadliealaaklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehkqaqeyltlaqkiidnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgiieaedesivgvaevaak
>Geobacter_sulfurreducens_PCA  coded_by=complement(3104013..3104882),organism=Geobacter sulfurreducens PCA,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglatlgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvmdlvrdmgtvedleledvlkvgfkdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkysssgkvrlgglicnsrntdreadliealaaklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehkqaqeyltlaqkiidnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgiieaedesivgvaevaak
>Geobacter_sulfurreducens  coded_by=complement(1203981..1204850),organism=Geobacter sulfurreducens,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglatlgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvmdlvrdmgtvedleledvlkvgfkdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkysssgkvrlgglicnsrntdreadliealaaklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehkqaqeyltlaqkiidnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgiieaedesivgvaevaak
>Jannaschia_sp._CCS1  coded_by=complement(147384..148343),organism=Jannaschia sp. CCS1,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mlddktppaaraamreaaglearglksppilkgqdgegslqvhqsddmkiegakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgmlqptvidilksvdfhaeelrpedfvtqgyngvqcieaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvlfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknynvrlagcvanrskdtdevdrycdvvgfkrighmpdvdairrsrlkkktlfempdeedivqcraeyirlaeklyagtdplapapledrdifellgfd
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_HaA2  coded_by=complement(4567690..4568688),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris HaA2,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvvpqinlqdaqlraeaaiepdaplttpvtketqiiaiygkggigksftlsnlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsskkklageevqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaqafaeaagipvlaaipadddirrksanyeiiglpdgewgplfaelaanvatappvrpkpltqdgllglfssdvtgrdvvllpatmedmcgaavlnkpsleviydav
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=complement(<1..>488),organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=192263..193018,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaalgltvlqigcdpkadssrtltggkniptvldtlrkkgdaelddlvvksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmalyaaaniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnakniegenelvdkaaaeieapviyrlprdpfvqqaeaqgktvveafpdcsmaahykalarllleggeap
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(128992..129747),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaalgltvlqigcdpkadssrtltggkniptvldtlrkkgdaelddlvvksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmalyaaaniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnakniegenelvdkaaaeieapviyrlprdpfvqqaeaqgktvveafpdcsmaahykalarllleggeap
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=196411..197166,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaalgltvlqigcdpkadssrtltggkniptvldtlrkkgdaelddlvvksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmalyaaaniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnakniegenelvdkaaaeieapviyrlprdpfvqqaeaqgktvveafpdcsmaahykalarllleggeap
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..798,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase reductase NifH
gkggigkstttqnltatladmgsrimqigcdpkadstrmlmggvrqptvldtlrevgaenveldailhdgfggikcveaggpepgvgcsgrgvitaiklletlgaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregyakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgivkfaeegeirlggiicnsrqveneralmeafserigsklihfvprdnivqqaeirkktvieydptcnqadeyralarnilendlfvipepitmdelegmmtefgvi
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..798,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase reductase NifH
gkggigkstttqnltatladmgsrimqigcdpkadstrmlmggvrqptvldtlrevgaenveldailhdgfggikcveaggpepgvgcsgrgvitaiklletlgaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregyakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgivkfaeegeirlggiicnsrqveneralmeafserigsklihfvprdnivqqaeirkktvieydptcnqadeyralarnilendlfvipepitmdelegmmtefgvi
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglasigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqatvmdmvrelgtvedlelddvlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=<1..778,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tttqnltatladmgnkimqigcdpkadstrmlmggvrqptvldtlrevgaenveldailhdgfggikcveaggpepgvgcagrgvitaikllealgaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregyakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgivkfaeegeirlggiicnsrnvdnelalveafserigsklihfvprdnivqqaeirkktvieydptcdqaeeyrklarsilendmfvvpepitmdelegmmtefgvvd
>Dorea_longicatena_DSM_13814  coded_by=complement(16585..17415),organism=Dorea longicatena DSM 13814,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvavalaekglkvmqigcdpkadstialrhgeavptvldlfrekkqdlkledmvrtgyqgvicveaggptpglgcagrgiitaleklketgayevyqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkvfiitsgenmaihaganiamavenfknrgyaslggiilnrrnvareeekvneladdfqtqvvgtlshsglvteaeekketvmecfpdsemaeeyrklaeaiyelskrpegsacekadekytadkrpgeglkc
>Dorea_longicatena  coded_by=56253..57083,organism=Dorea longicatena,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvavalaekglkvmqigcdpkadstialrhgeavptvldlfrekkqdlkledmvrtgyqgvicveaggptpglgcagrgiitaleklketgayevyqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkvfiitsgenmaihaganiamavenfknrgyaslggiilnrrnvareeekvneladdfqtqvvgtlshsglvteaeekketvmecfpdsemaeeyrklaeaiyelskrpegsacekadekytadkrpgeglkc
>Methanocella_paludicola_SANAE  coded_by=905738..906589,organism=Methanocella paludicola SANAE,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygeggigkstiasnlsaalnemgytvmqvgcdpkrdstrnlaggrlipavletyrdqlrvgkdeyaisldsivfkspggiycveaggpepgigcagrgvltalqilkdlkafetykidvaiydvlgdvvcggfampiregfakeiylvcsggfmsiyaanniaravqrlsrraeagtglagiicnsngdetlehsvipefarrlgsefvqfvprtpviqacefegravvehspnskeagifrdlakqimenkktvvptpindlteleqmyrqhlnkk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhasaqtsvlslaaelgsvedveledvllpgykgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangayedldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._USDA_4255  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. USDA 4255,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._rob6  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. rob6,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._rob13  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. rob13,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._rob12  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. rob12,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._rob10  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. rob10,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._USDA_4318  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. USDA 4318,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._USDA_4322  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. USDA 4322,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._USDA_4297  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. USDA 4297,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._USDA_4236  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. USDA 4236,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._USDA_4214  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. USDA 4214,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Mesorhizobium_sp._USDA_4207  coded_by=<1..>469,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. USDA 4207,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaek
>Microcoleus_chthonoplastes_CCY9608  coded_by=<1..>466,organism=Microcoleus chthonoplastes CCY9608,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tqntvaglvelgrkimivgcdpkadstrlllgglhqksvldtlreegddvdldeirkegygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaydesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannicrgiqkyae
>Microcoleus_chthonoplastes_CCY0002  coded_by=<1..>466,organism=Microcoleus chthonoplastes CCY0002,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tqntvaglvelgrkimivgcdpkadstrlllgglhqksvldtlreegddvdldeirkegygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaydesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannicrgiqkyae
>Rhizobium_huautlense  coded_by=<1..>497,organism=Rhizobium huautlense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsnqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledc
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3070  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3070,definition=NifH
mghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaehyr
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=complement(2157763..2158575),organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=Nitrogenase
mkqialygkggigksttsanlsaalslsgynvlqigcdpkrdstrmlmqgrliptvmdlvrergaasvtpadvvytgfngircveaggpepgvgcagrgiiatfqllekfgtltgdvivydvlgdvvcggfampmregyaqevylvtsgelmslyaannickavqrlsarprsmcrlagvicnaknlpreeelvaefarrvnshllqyiprdrtvqlaeldrktvleyepsseqaqryrdlaarvmentrftiptpleideleslarqfv
>Thuja_standishii  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Thuja standishii,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgenvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihagyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeyniilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdslfaanritasirekarthplrlvglvgnrtsqrdlikkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrikgktlfemvgsepslnyiceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Desulfosporosinus_sp._OT  coded_by=36514..37341,organism=Desulfosporosinus sp. OT,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamvhfynqkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmnqktlmdilrdegeakvtvervvksgfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytpdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickgllkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdkekefleefaaaigtqllyfvprdnvvqraefnkktvvefdpeenqaheygelarriienknfvipkpmtmdeleamvvkyglad
>Rhizobium_gallicum  coded_by=<1..>624,organism=Rhizobium gallicum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdn
>Rhizobium_sp._23C55  coded_by=<1..>624,organism=Rhizobium sp. 23C55,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO74  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO74,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdel
>Thuja_occidentalis  coded_by=<1..>699,organism=Thuja occidentalis,definition=FrxC
isialarrgenvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihagyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeyniilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdslfaanritasirekarthplrlvglvgnrtsqrdlikkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrikgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivp
>Oscillochloris_trichoides_DG6  coded_by=complement(48089..49264),organism=Oscillochloris trichoides DG6,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
miavygkggmgksffttnlvsklallgnrvlqlgcdpkhdscnalfggvslptlgdvwrtykaegredalqvehvvfktaimdgaatvygceiggpevgrgcggrgitfgfdllekfglsqwaldyvvmdflgdvvcggfatplsrslaeeviilcgndrqslyaanniasaakyfasmggrtrlvglvvnrddgsgvaarfaerinlpvlasipldrkiremadacklalvdddfnaifdrlaqgiidrslppvamdqvqpleydeflsvfgaeepdvtpagassaelfggqpdptpvvcvvpaaeapvlldaptgrvvarllqelglyvteanhdpkkgmtltidghtticfgdereldskmailaalqksgesyryvdlrrpasplyr
>Geobacter_lovleyi_SZ  coded_by=complement(1263384..1264250),organism=Geobacter lovleyi SZ,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglasmgkkvlivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleldavlkegyagikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelisalarklstqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehpqaqeyltlaqkiadnkmlviptplemeeleellmefgimeaedesvvgvaeaaa
>Gloeobacter_violaceus_PCC_7421  coded_by=complement(2530524..2531351),organism=Gloeobacter violaceus PCC 7421,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgrrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtleekdyhyedvyaedviyegyggvhcveaggppagagcggyvvgetmkllkelrafedhdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanriaascrekarthplklaglvgnrtnkrdlidkyveavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktifemaetdpslepvcqyylniadhllacpegvvpqecpdralfellsdfysrtpvpa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=9436..10446,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=chlorin reductase subunit X
mnaptkisanlaamtdalraeaaiepdapvtaapkkatqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiletsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelieklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafanavgipvlasipadddirrksasyqiigrpgtawaplfellatnvaeappqhphpltqdgllglfkasevgrdvvleqatledmcgstavakpsleviydnv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=1732994..1734004,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit, 35.5 kDa chain
mnaptkisanlaamtdalraeaaiepdapvtaapkkatqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiletsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelieklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafanavgipvlasipadddirrksasyqiigrpgtawaplfellatnvaeappqhphpltqdgllglfkasevgrdvvleqatledmcgstavakpsleviydnv
>Centipeda_periodontii_DSM_2778  coded_by=complement(50574..51386),organism=Centipeda periodontii DSM 2778,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttaanvsaafsrmgrrvcqigcdpkndstrlllgriapstildlerekkgaaltltdiihegwngircieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlkelhafddldvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaeeiyivssgelmslyatnniakgvrrfaargavklggiigngrdvlnerellaafaarlgtqliayiprsravheaeihrqtliayapeseqaqhytalaqeidtnemltiptpmefeeledlvesygd
>Mesorhizobium_sp._BA151  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. BA151,definition=NifH
nakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyravaekihgnsgqgtxptpi
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelqdvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgveyvsydvlgdvvcgrfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Clostridium_botulinum_H04402_065  coded_by=864497..865246,organism=Clostridium botulinum H04402 065,definition=nitrogenase subunit NifH paralog, type 2
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpviysmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Ruminococcus_sp._CAG:55  coded_by=1122..1889,organism=Ruminococcus sp. CAG:55,definition=mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mlkvaiygkggigkstitsnlaaafaamgkrviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeeldqiakegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvvivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarifglilnhrnvenetekvqafaeekkipivgeiprsdeiirwedqgktviegdadseiskrffelaeklledetervr
>[Ruminococcus]_torques  coded_by=18161..18928,organism=[Ruminococcus] torques,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mlkvaiygkggigkstitsnlaaafaamgkrviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeeldqiakegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvvivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarifglilnhrnvenetekvqafaeekkipivgeiprsdeiirwedqgktviegdadseiskrffelaeklledetervr
>[Ruminococcus]_torques  coded_by=complement(65675..66442),organism=[Ruminococcus] torques,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mlkvaiygkggigkstitsnlaaafaamgkrviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeeldqiakegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvvivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarifglilnhrnvenetekvqafaeekkipivgeiprsdeiirwedqgktviegdadseiskrffelaeklledetervr
>Ruminococcus_torques_L2-14  coded_by=352060..352827,organism=Ruminococcus torques L2-14,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mlkvaiygkggigkstitsnlaaafaamgkrviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeeldqiakegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvvivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarifglilnhrnvenetekvqafaeekkipivgeiprsdeiirwedqgktviegdadseiskrffelaeklledetervr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlggpicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6160  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6160,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6152  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6152,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Fusobacterium_nucleatum_subsp._nucleatum_ATCC_25586  coded_by=937666..938496,organism=Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. nucleatum ATCC 25586,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstissnlsamisksgkkvlhigcdpkgdstrnlmgrkiptvisilkeknnlnrediiykgfngiecvetggpeagvgcagrgiistmeeledlkvfdeerdiiiydvlgdvvcggfavpmrekyadviyivtssefmsifaannimksiknfskmknikfgglihnqrnnnssinilkifadmtkskiigeipfskelikselngktiaemypnsnlynnflelsekilsnqddltfsplseeemeylaaeilkkniyyeee
>Fusobacterium_nucleatum_subsp._nucleatum  coded_by=2094973..2095803,organism=Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. nucleatum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstissnlsamisksgkkvlhigcdpkgdstrnlmgrkiptvisilkeknnlnrediiykgfngiecvetggpeagvgcagrgiistmeeledlkvfdeerdiiiydvlgdvvcggfavpmrekyadviyivtssefmsifaannimksiknfskmknikfgglihnqrnnnssinilkifadmtkskiigeipfskelikselngktiaemypnsnlynnflelsekilsnqddltfsplseeemeylaaeilkkniyyeee
>Fusobacterium_nucleatum_subsp._nucleatum_ChDC_F316  coded_by=1054913..1055743,organism=Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. nucleatum ChDC F316,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstissnlsamisksgkkvlhigcdpkgdstrnlmgrkiptvisilkeknnlnrediiykgfngiecvetggpeagvgcagrgiistmeeledlkvfdeerdiiiydvlgdvvcggfavpmrekyadviyivtssefmsifaannimksiknfskmknikfgglihnqrnnnssinilkifadmtkskiigeipfskelikselngktiaemypnsnlynnflelsekilsnqddltfsplseeemeylaaeilkkniyyeee
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2889516..2890340),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigksttqqntagamayfydqkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggmnqktlmdvlrdegeekitvdkvvktgykgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmekngaytpeldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickgllkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdrerefleeftsaigtklihfmprdnivqkaefnkktvveydadcnqakeygelarkiienkdfvipqplkmdeleamvvkygiad
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpit
>Paenibacillus_polymyxa  coded_by=694..1560,organism=Paenibacillus polymyxa,definition=nitrognesae reductase NifH
mrqiafygkggmgksttsqntlaqlatkfkqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaergtvedleledvvqkgfgdilnvecggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayegldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyansggvrlgglicnsrntdleaelitelarrlntqmihflprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehkqaaeyeelagkilnndmltvptpismedledllmefgiiedeetainkaeasgq
>Methanococcus_vannielii_SB  coded_by=complement(63631..64458),organism=Methanococcus vannielii SB,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaamayfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilhgkqqttmmdtlrekgedectpdkvietgfcgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqhgvyednldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkadeiyvvasgemmalyaannickgmvkyaqqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgelellqefcdklgtqlihfvprdnivqkaefqkkavvdfndtcnqameykelarkiienknlviptpmtmdeleeltskygfld
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=1860125..1861063,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniltdpnklktsgcadvnaskcaegdgegsvqvqldpnlnigtakvfsiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkklmptvidvlesvnfhseevrpedfvfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhseramivaandfdsifaanriaaaiqaksknyavrlagvianrsretdqidkfgertgikrvahlpdldvirksrlkkmtlfemdhtpeieavqneylrlatelweakeppvqgkplkdrdifdllgfd
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=320312..321250,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mniltdpnklktsgcadvnaskcaegdgegsvqvqldpnlnigtakvfsiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkklmptvidvlesvnfhseevrpedfvfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhseramivaandfdsifaanriaaaiqaksknyavrlagvianrsretdqidkfgertgikrvahlpdldvirksrlkkmtlfemdhtpeieavqneylrlatelweakeppvqgkplkdrdifdllgfd
>uncultured_marine_proteobacterium  coded_by=4059..5051,organism=uncultured marine proteobacterium,definition=chlorophillide reductase, putative
msttateydpgleasgeradllatsadnaegtqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietasakkaageecrvedvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgegqaqafckavgipelaaipanedirrksasyeiighpdgewgalfadlaknagessphrpmpmtqdellglfdsdtvgrdvvlqpatlsdlcsaetlnkpslevvydsi
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=<1..778,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tttqnltaalstmdkrilqigcdpkadstrmlvggkrqptvldtsrevgtenvtleevvhtgfggikcveaggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleelgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkareiyivasgemkalyaannickaivrfakqsgirlggiicnsrkvdnelelltafserigsrlvyfvprdnivqraeinkktvieydpesnqadeyrqlaksvidndnfviprpleyeeledlmmesgvla
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmiigcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrergtvedleledilkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleesgaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_sp._SCAU7  coded_by=<1..>841,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. SCAU7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
khdgkwtiygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmdelddmlisrgspgtede
>Nostoc_commune  coded_by=1594..2487,organism=Nostoc commune,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mteenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieieevmltgfrnvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrntdreielietlakrlntqmihyvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapesnqaneyrilaqkiidnknlaiptpiemeeleelliefgilesdentamlvgktateapvv
>Trichodesmium_thiebautii  coded_by=70..954,organism=Trichodesmium thiebautii,definition=NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamanrhgqrimivgcdpkadstrlildakaqttvlhvaaelgavedveldqvlkpgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegaytdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahaggvrlgglicnsrkvdretelienlaarlntqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrltveqyapednqaqeynklaekiinnekltiptplemdeleelliefgllaatkkivrnklqhkmqqqqkk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3809  coded_by=3919..4824,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3809,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mnvtlrpplaaaprrpdgagsvqvqmdpnlvigtarvfsvygkggigksttssnlsvalsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidileqvnfhseelrpddfvyqgyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivaandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksrnypvrlggvianrsaatdqidkfnerigmktlahfpdldvirksrlkkctlfemepspdveraqneylrlaasllagvepihavplkdrdifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=1760339..1761244,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mnvtlrpplaaaprrpdgagsvqvqmdpnlvigtarvfsvygkggigksttssnlsvalsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidileqvnfhseelrpddfvyqgyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivaandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksrnypvrlggvianrsaatdqidkfnerigmktlahfpdldvirksrlkkctlfemepspdveraqneylrlaasllagvepihavplkdrdifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggka
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyraladkihansgqgtipspitm
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>Desulfotomaculum_nigrificans_DSM_574  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=Desulfotomaculum nigrificans DSM 574,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
vvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegedieledimrqgyggtlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyahsggvrlggiiyngrktdn
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_051011  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 051011,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpism
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkillivgcdpkdstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeaagsvedeiedvmkigyrdirccvesggpepggcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcgggfamprenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=complement(5707..6621),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=304 aa (33 kD) protochlorophillide reductase subunit, also known as chlorophyll Fe protein
msprddipdlkgfdgdgegsvqvhdsedigldvggarvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafsllgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgrlqetvidilkqvnfhpeelrpedyvtegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksvnykvrlagcvanrsretnevdryceaanfkriahmpdldsirrsrlkkrtlfemddaedvvmaraeyirlaetlwrstgepgltpepltdrhifellgfd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=complement(727217..728131),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msprddipdlkgfdgdgegsvqvhdsedigldvggarvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafsllgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgrlqetvidilkqvnfhpeelrpedyvtegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksvnykvrlagcvanrsretnevdryceaanfkriahmpdldsirrsrlkkrtlfemddaedvvmaraeyirlaetlwrstgepgltpepltdrhifellgfd
>Synechococcus_sp._WH_7805  coded_by=complement(554615..555505),organism=Synechococcus sp. WH 7805,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttlkrpvdgdgsvqvhqdpslnieeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvkcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddadegvqavrqeylrlaqnmlenvqpleatslkdreifdllgfd
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=4440..5330,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
midnirqiafygkggigksttsqntiaglaemgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleldevlltgyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargiwkyahsggvrlgglicnsrnvdreveliealverlntqmihfvprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieyatehpqaneyrtlakkikentkltiptpismdeleellvefgilggeeeypkaiaqdagkavvv
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans  coded_by=639..1592,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkssfgffhfcpsperggrqpggnimrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsemgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqstvlslaaeagtvedleiedvmktgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdreydliealakrlntqlihfvprnnivqhaelrrmtvlefapessqaeeyrqlakkidanagkgtiptpitmddleellmdfgimksvdesligkkvdevaia
>Magnetococcus_marinus_MC-1  coded_by=complement(1497890..1498780),organism=Magnetococcus marinus MC-1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaeagnkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaqagsvedleledvlkagfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirqnkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaanniakgivkyassgnvrlaglicnsrnvdredeliealaaalgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkskqadeyrtlsnkiynnknfvvptpltmdeledllmkygmmeeedetivgktaeeeaaaata
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgchpkadstrlilntkvqdtvlhlaaqagsvedleledvlkvgykgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvimainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvwggfampirdnnaqdiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalveldqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleladvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalveldqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleladvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalveldqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleladvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalveldqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleladvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>452,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedveladirsggfcrslcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>Frankia_sp._AvcI1  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. AvcI1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>556,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH protein
rgrgaggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledml
>Methanobacterium_ivanovii  coded_by=329..1120,organism=Methanobacterium ivanovii,definition=Methanobacterium ivanovii ORF nifH gene (homolog.)
mskriaiygkggigkstivsniaaayskdynvlvigcdpkadttrtligkrlptildivkkkknasieevlfegygnvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamglldklgtfsddidiiiydvlgdvvcggfavplredfadevyivtsgeymalyaannicrgikklksnlggiicncrgienevqivsefagkvgskvigiipgsemvqkseidaktviekfgeseqadlyrelaksiysnedfvipepmgvdefdeffrgfq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvekgqkilivgcdpkadwtrlilnakaqvtvlsvaaeagsvedleleevlkngykgimcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfveenganddvdylsydvlgdvvsggfampireynaheiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>Gloeothece_sp._KO68DGA  coded_by=12878..13750,organism=Gloeothece sp. KO68DGA,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaalaetnrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqttilhlaaergtvedieleevllegyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnceaelieelarrlgtqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtvieyspdhpqaqeyrelsrkienntnlviptpitmeeletllvdfgilggedeyekalqadkaagka
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqnlvaaladlgkkvmivigcepkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtveleledvlktgfgdikcvdsggpepgvgcagrgvdtainfleeeayeedldnvfydvlgdvvlggfgafpirenkaheiyvvcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamaqklgtk
>Frankia_sp._Thr  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. Thr,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelilelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_S1  coded_by=complement(22259..23167),organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus S1,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase subunit
mntatispsqigrggrpdgegsvqvqmetgakignakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrmvptvidvletvnfhpeelrvedfvfegtngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleetdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifaanrivqaigakaknynvrlggiianrsdatdqidkfndrigmrslaripaldvirksrlkkatlfemddspevravqaeylqlaqrlwdgvdplyceplkdrdifdllgfd
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=1240..2112,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=A.vinelandii major nif gene cluster encoding nitrogen fixation complex, complete cds
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlkagyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialanklgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyralarkvvdnkllvipnpitmdeleellmefgimevedesivgktaeev
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=136759..137631,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlkagyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialanklgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyralarkvvdnkllvipnpitmdeleellmefgimevedesivgktaeev
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=136759..137631,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlkagyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialanklgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyralarkvvdnkllvipnpitmdeleellmefgimevedesivgktaeev
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=136759..137631,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlkagyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialanklgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyralarkvvdnkllvipnpitmdeleellmefgimevedesivgktaeev
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DM4  coded_by=complement(5859911..5860804),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DM4,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mniairnpvpirreegslqvgldpndrietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelrpedfvvegyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihtksknygvrlggvianrsagtdeidrfnaavglrrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemeptpelkavtdeymqlaetlwagadpceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkigyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyeladslakrlgtk
>Ruminococcus_obeum_CAG:39  coded_by=673..1440,organism=Ruminococcus obeum CAG:39,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvaaalaekgltvmqigcdpkadstiqlrhgkemrtvldlynekkqnlklkdmtmvgyqgvicveaggptpglgcagrgiitaleklketgayetykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkvliitsgenmaihaganiamavqnfrnrgyaalggiilnrrnvkreeekvqelaedfetkvigklthsdlvtdaeeqgktlmecypesemateyrilaeqilnlcredglc
>Ruminococcus_obeum_ATCC_29174  coded_by=complement(277084..277851),organism=Ruminococcus obeum ATCC 29174,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvaaalaekgltvmqigcdpkadstiqlrhgkemrtvldlynekkqnlklkdmtmvgyqgvicveaggptpglgcagrgiitaleklketgayetykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkvliitsgenmaihaganiamavqnfrnrgyaalggiilnrrnvkreeekvqelaedfetkvigklthsdlvtdaeeqgktlmecypesemateyrilaeqilnlcredglc
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>575,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
vmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedieldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Burkholderia_sp._Cs130  coded_by=<1..>608,organism=Burkholderia sp. Cs130,definition=NifH
sdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdihcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvih
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_297  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 297,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapxsvqanh
>Chlorobium_ferrooxidans_DSM_13031  coded_by=21291..22118,organism=Chlorobium ferrooxidans DSM 13031,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheelsaediietgfagidcleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqelglydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaiiiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksarykvklagivanrvdyttgggtnmldqfaekvgtrllakvpyhelirksrfagktmfamddtpdkpeclkpyneiadfliqenpvaavpvpigdreifamvggwq
>Dorea_formicigenerans_ATCC_27755  coded_by=complement(254455..255210),organism=Dorea formicigenerans ATCC 27755,definition=hypothetical protein
mlkiavygkggigksttvsnmavalaekglsvmqigcdpkadstialrdgepmpavldiynekkgnvtlkeitrigykgvvcvesggptpglgcagrgiitaleklketgayevykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrsgyadyvfvvtsgenmsihaganiamalerfqnrgyaklggfilnrrnvpreeekvqelaedfhsgtigylsrselvmaaeeqkktlmecypdsemadeyralseavlaickn
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfipr
>Frankia_sp._ACN14a  coded_by=<1..>580,organism=Frankia sp. ACN14a,definition=NifH
ilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprynvvqhaqlrrmtvielhrknsqadeyr
>Synechococcus_sp.  coded_by=1..891,organism=Synechococcus sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqagnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlhlaaergavedlelsdvlltgfenikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnkeielieelaerlntqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrqtviqyspehpqaqeyrdlgdkivnntkltiptpidndeleellinygllgseeeykkvmeadmaaqaltrgak
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8802  coded_by=1845494..1846384,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8802,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqagnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlhlaaergavedlelsdvlltgfenikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnkeielieelaerlntqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrqtviqyspehpqaqeyrdlgdkivnntkltiptpidndeleellinygllgseeeykkvmeadmaaqaltrgak
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8801  coded_by=1870724..1871614,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8801,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqagnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlhlaaergavedlelsdvlltgfenikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnkeielieelaerlntqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrqtviqyspehpqaqeyrdlgdkivnntkltiptpidndeleellinygllgseeeykkvmeadmaaqaltrgak
>Bradyrhizobium_pachyrhizi  coded_by=<1..>711,organism=Bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83765  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83765,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeele
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83751  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83751,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeele
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83742  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83742,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeele
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83666  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83666,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeele
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83647  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83647,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeele
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83643  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83643,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeele
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ORS_3365  coded_by=<1..>718,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ORS 3365,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
plnrlpplidlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansrqappal
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaqgsvedleiedvmkvgykgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreyelaeslakrlgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaqgsvedleiedvmkvgykgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreyelaeslakrlgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>458),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigksttqntvaalvemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllnglaqktvldtlreegedvdlddirrvgfgdslctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayskdqnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>Ectothiorhodospira_sp._PHS-1  coded_by=complement(44165..45031),organism=Ectothiorhodospira sp. PHS-1,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mppdgegsvqvamdpnldigsarvfaiygkggigksttssnlsaafsrlgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrmvptvidvlesvnfheeelrpedfvfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhahqalivtandfdsifalnriaaaieakaknyqvriggvianrsvntdeidrfneavglkrlahfplldvirrsrlkkstvfemppedelkiaqdeymrlaqslldgvesqrakpmkdreifdflgfd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayegldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrimivgcepqadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>Ruminococcus_sp._SR1/5  coded_by=complement(1813754..1814431),organism=Ruminococcus sp. SR1/5,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mlkvavygkggigkstvtsnlaaafaamgkrviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnymreedeepeklediskegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlklfetwkpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarifgivlnhrnvenetekvnafakkiisrswvrsrevtrssdgrirakr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvessgpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvessgpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Microcoleus_chthonoplastes_CCY9607  coded_by=<1..>466,organism=Microcoleus chthonoplastes CCY9607,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tqntvaglvelgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlllgglhqksvldtlreegddvdldeirkegygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaydesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannicrgiqkyae
>Microcoleus_chthonoplastes_CCY9606  coded_by=<1..>466,organism=Microcoleus chthonoplastes CCY9606,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tqntvaglvelgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlllgglhqksvldtlreegddvdldeirkegygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaydesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannicrgiqkyae
>Microcoleus_chthonoplastes_CCY9605  coded_by=<1..>466,organism=Microcoleus chthonoplastes CCY9605,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tqntvaglvelgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlllgglhqksvldtlreegddvdldeirkegygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaydesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannicrgiqkyae
>Microcoleus_chthonoplastes_CCY9604  coded_by=<1..>466,organism=Microcoleus chthonoplastes CCY9604,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tqntvaglvelgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlllgglhqksvldtlreegddvdldeirkegygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaydesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannicrgiqkyae
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=complement(<1..>773),organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedeledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakkgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtveyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdelegha
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_BS1  coded_by=complement(2441756..2442583),organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides BS1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslilavygkggigkstttanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpltgtlqktviealeevdfhheelteediiltgfggvdaleaggppagsgcggyvvgeavkllqelgvydrydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnfadyaviiatndfdsifaanrlcmaieqkstrykvklagivanrvdyvkgggtnmleqfsdkvgtkllarvpyhelirksrfagktmfqmedgpekeecvkpyneiadfllsrnptssvpvpigdrdifeivggwq
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>503),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
esggpepgvcagrgviksinfleengafndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgt
>Synechococcus_sp._RCC307  coded_by=1384982..1385914,organism=Synechococcus sp. RCC307,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mkrplrsfhamtttltppssrredgdgsvqvhqdaslkieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelqpedfvfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsaetdqidkfnertglrtmahfrdvdairrsrlkkctifemdkdeegveavqneylllaqnmldhvepleaeslkdreifdllgfd
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=577699..578523,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedvelsdirspgfcnslcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydeseqldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkfaktgtvrlgglicnsrkvdneremiekfaeklgtkmihfvprhndvqraeinrktviewnkdceqateyrtlanaianntnfvvpnplsiqeledllmqyglln
>Opitutaceae_bacterium_TAV5  coded_by=229158..229982,organism=Opitutaceae bacterium TAV5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedvelsdirspgfcnslcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydeseqldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkfaktgtvrlgglicnsrkvdneremiekfaeklgtkmihfvprhndvqraeinrktviewnkdceqateyrtlanaianntnfvvpnplsiqeledllmqyglln
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>556,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=NifH protein
sawesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeelehmq
>Dickeya_dadantii_Ech703  coded_by=3058042..3058869,organism=Dickeya dadantii Ech703,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrklaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayfhgkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdvlrdqgaekitnemvvktgvfnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmednkaytddldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgerefleefttaigtkmlhfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefdpdanqaqeyrelgrkiienedlvipqplsmdqlekmvvkyglmd
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_6720  coded_by=527..1414,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 6720,definition=Nostoc PCC 6720 nifH, nifD, nifU genes
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakakttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdreaelienlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkiinndkltiptpiemdeleallieygildddskhaeiigkpaeatk
>Chlorobium_tepidum_TLS  coded_by=1334253..1335407,organism=Chlorobium tepidum TLS,definition=chlorophyllide reductase, BchX subunit
matrrantfqpatrpteylmaprtiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfammnkrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggislptvtevfaeknakneqvqisdivfrrdipgfpqpiygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdvleklgifeweidiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevllvtsndrqsiftsnnicqannyfrtiggrsrllglivnrddgsgmaenyakaaginvlmkvpynlqardmddsfdfaiklpevgepfkklatdilnnaitpceasgldfkdfvrlfgdvseelpaaatadelfkrkgetaadpeahdperqqllacieklpepereiytlheiegkspeqiaglkgigeqevkahiararkamrklffel
>Chlorobium_chlorochromatii_CaD3  coded_by=complement(2333875..2334705),organism=Chlorobium chlorochromatii CaD3,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslviavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheelspedviesgfagidgleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqemglydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaiiiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvklagivanrvdyttgggtnmldqfaekvgtrllakvpyhemirksrfagktlfameeaqtefpeclapyneiadalmqehpiasvpvpigdrelfklvngwq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedlelddvmnigyndircvesggpepgvgwagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdydsydelgdvvcggfampirenkaqdiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Methanolinea_tarda_NOBI-1  coded_by=15010..15825,organism=Methanolinea tarda NOBI-1,definition=Nitrogenase
mkqialygkggigksttaanlsaalacrgldvmqigcdpkrdstrmlmqgrliptvmdlvrergdtditredivyegfmgvrcveaggpepgvgcagrgliatfqilerlgalhadvvvydvlgdvvcggfampmregyaeevylvtsgelmslyaannickaisrlssrsrstcrlagvicnaknlpreeelvaefakrigsflvlyiprdqvvqqaelnkktvveyapssnqaavyrelasrvmdnrrmdipvplgiedlenlayeysp
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(<1..>518),organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
gigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlggli
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6164  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6164,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedrdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgteliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlaxkvhsnag
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..804,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase reductase NifH
gkggigkstttqnltatladmgnkimqigcdpkadstrmlmggrrqptvldtlrevgaenvtleeilhtgfggircveaggpepgvgcagrgvitaikllealgaydedpdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregfakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgivkfaedgeirlggiicnsrkvenelalmeafsqrigshlvhfvprnnivqqaeikkmtvieydptcdqaeeyrklarnieendkfvipepitmdelegmmtefgvvda
>Heliobacterium_gestii  coded_by=<1..789,organism=Heliobacterium gestii,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
salaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqatvmdlarekgtvedleledvlltgfadircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyasagkvrlgglicnsrktdkeyelidelarrlntqmihflprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhpqadeyrtlakkidenkklviptpltmdeleelliqygiledeetaaaklg
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF65028  coded_by=<1..>481,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF65028,definition=NifH
sdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF66294  coded_by=<1..>481,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF66294,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF66133  coded_by=<1..>481,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF66133,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF65033  coded_by=<1..>481,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF65033,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB18  coded_by=1407501..1408496,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB18,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvvpqatmkdalraeaavepeapvttpvtketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddntgeaqafakaagipvlaaipaddgirkksanyeiiglpggewgplfeelaknvglappvrptplsqdgllglftsdvtgrdvvlepatmedmcgvavldkpslevvydaa
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=Fe- protein (nitrogenase)
qqntmaalaergnrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqhtviekaaekgsvedleleevllegawnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitflgengayedldfvtydvlgdlvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfvprdnivqhae
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_subsp._pastoris_str._CCMP1986  coded_by=complement(512474..513361),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus subsp. pastoris str. CCMP1986,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtstinkpldgegsvqvkqdpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrptdfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfnnrtglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvvevqneylslaknmldnveplegtplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._EQPAC1  coded_by=259318..260205,organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. EQPAC1,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtstinkpldgegsvqvkqdpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrptdfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfnnrtglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvvevqneylslaknmldnveplegtplkdreifdllgfd
>Sinorhizobium_sp._BR4007  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. BR4007,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain BR4007
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealavrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyrtlaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaydnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaydnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Methanocella_arvoryzae_MRE50  coded_by=complement(1392058..1392882),organism=Methanocella arvoryzae MRE50,definition=nitrogenase iron protein (nitrogenase reductase)
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaesgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegddielesilktgfgetrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivasgelmalyaanniakgikkyaetggvrlggiicnsrkadneyalvkavaeeigtqmihfvprdnivqraeinkmtvidfdpaanqaneyrklakaidenqmfvvpkpmtqdrleelmmkhgfldav
>Acetobacterium_woodii_DSM_1030  coded_by=10865..11617,organism=Acetobacterium woodii DSM 1030,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH
meriaiygkggigksttvtnisaalaqkgltvmqigcdpksdstinlmggkriptvlevirekgnetklddlvsigsfgvlcveaggpkpgigcagrgiiaafeklealkaeafyqpdiilydvlgdvvcggfampirngyadkvcivtsgermslyaadnivsavrsygsrgyaslgglilnkkgivneegivqnvadeidtqviftierdklvqdaeavnqtviekfpnstqarayrqladklfsgek
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlltgglaqqtvldtlreegedieledvqrdgfgscmctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydddrqldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqetyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkfaeaggvrlgglicnsrnvdrerdliaelarrlgtqlihfvp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>457,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
ggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleledvmkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Mitsuokella_multacida_DSM_20544  coded_by=complement(106907..107671),organism=Mitsuokella multacida DSM 20544,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mmrkiavygkggigkstltsnlaaalaalgkkviqigcdpkadstinllggkplqsvmgymrefdaepssleeisargfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfnlledlelfereqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaedvlivtsgekmalyaanniatavenfadrgyakvrgvllnrrnvpreeekvrafaeahqlpvladiprsdaiseaeergmtvveaapedpvsqaffalareivqekaeg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6440  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6440,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Halorhodospira_halophila_SL1  coded_by=complement(1781582..1782487),organism=Halorhodospira halophila SL1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msngsvpvsgiggrgdgegssqvhmestggmdrakvfavygkggigksttssnlavafsqlgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidsleevdfhmeelrpedyvyegyngvlcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlleetdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadqalivtandfdsifamnriagaiqakaknykvrlggvianrsertdqidrineriglrtlahvpnydvvrrsrlhkstlfeleeqseelervrdeylslaaalwngvdplspsplkdrevfdllgfd
>Dinoroseobacter_shibae_DFL_12_=_DSM_16493  coded_by=3696712..3697719,organism=Dinoroseobacter shibae DFL 12 = DSM 16493,definition=bacteriachlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtldvpnlksdydqrlrdeaaeeptlevpqgeptkktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaeqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstqkklageevaigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaaafaksvdipilaaipqnddlrkksanyqivgtaqsewgelfaalgdnvaeappmrpaalnqdqllalfdskdtggdvvlepatmedmrgknakpieslevvyddv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntisglaelgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilslaaergavedleleevlltgykgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RST89  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RST89,definition=NifH
gksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapksqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgi
>Allochromatium_vinosum_DSM_180  coded_by=complement(2982270..2983175),organism=Allochromatium vinosum DSM 180,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mqasssgfhlsshpdgegsvqvqldpdmqiegakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidilesvnfhaeelrpsdyvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhaeralivtandfdsifamnriaaaikakskhykvrlggvianrsrntdeidrfaeavglkrlahlpdldiirrsrlkkstvfemepepgsgleaaqqqylqlaqqlldgveplearpmadrdifdflgfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdledirrsgfgetyctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaysesenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkfaqaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremiqelarrlgtqlihfvp
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Heliobacterium_gestii  coded_by=1966..2820,organism=Heliobacterium gestii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvsalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqatvmdlarekgtvedleledvlltgfadircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyasagkvrlgglicnsrktdkeyelidelarrlntqmihflprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhpqadeyrtlakkidenkklviptpltmdeleelliqygiledeetaaaklg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvp
>Paenibacillus_sabinae  coded_by=2092..2964,organism=Paenibacillus sabinae,definition=NifH
mtkklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlavnfgqrimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvldlaaklgsvedleledvvssgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgayedvdivsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrntdreqeliselarrlntqmihfvprnnvvqhaelrkmtvtqynpnhsqaeeykqlaekilhnekltvptpidmdelerllidfgvvedeeaalqtqapk
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=3355860..3356732,organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mtkklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlavnfgqrimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvldlaaklgsvedleledvvssgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgayedvdivsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrntdreqeliselarrlntqmihfvprnnvvqhaelrkmtvtqynpnhsqaeeykqlaekilhnekltvptpidmdelerllidfgvvedeeaalqtqapk
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=24324..>24798,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>458),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigksttqntvaalaemgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlmlgglsqktvldtlraegedidledvvkvgfggtrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaysdsfgldyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkakeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH81w  coded_by=<1..>577,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH81w,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapd
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH64  coded_by=<1..>577,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH64,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapd
>Parachlorella_kessleri  coded_by=105580..106443,organism=Parachlorella kessleri,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisialsrrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqikdyhyedvwaedviyqgygnvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanrivasvrekarthplrlaglignrtikrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpalnyicdfylniadqllshpegvisvelndrelfnllsdfylnlnnqtqnsssefdfliv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhaeaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>Chamaecyparis_pisifera  coded_by=555..1427,organism=Chamaecyparis pisifera,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpinegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>502,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifH
rlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvpr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfheengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtt
>Taxodium_distichum_var._imbricarium  coded_by=<1..>702,organism=Taxodium distichum var. imbricarium,definition=FrxC
ialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkei
>Selenomonas_noxia_F0398  coded_by=complement(104616..105428),organism=Selenomonas noxia F0398,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkiafygkggigksttaanvsaafsrmgrrvcqigcdpkndstrlllgriapstildlerekkgaaltladlvhegwngircieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhafddldvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaseiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvrrfaergavklggiigngrdvlrerelleafaarigtqlityiprsravheaeihrqtliayapdseqaqhytalaqaidtnemltvptpmefeeledlverygd
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>724,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgi
>Pinus_dalatensis  coded_by=89857..90732,organism=Pinus dalatensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsxxxxxxxxxxylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Rhizobium_huautlense  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=Rhizobium huautlense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsnqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=complement(1065410..1066303),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_RU11/001  coded_by=10247..11140,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti RU11/001,definition=NifH nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_CCNWSX0020  coded_by=12682..13575,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti CCNWSX0020,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_1021  coded_by=453556..454449,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 1021,definition=NifH nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_2011  coded_by=453216..454109,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 2011,definition=NifH nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_SM11  coded_by=complement(1026390..1027283),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti SM11,definition=NifH nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_GR4  coded_by=complement(1014541..1015434),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti GR4,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_AK83  coded_by=complement(1074880..1075773),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti AK83,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_BL225C  coded_by=943763..944656,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti BL225C,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_Rm41  coded_by=731265..732158,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti Rm41,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Clostridium_botulinum_A3_str._Loch_Maree  coded_by=826585..827334,organism=Clostridium botulinum A3 str. Loch Maree,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggeniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhydtlakilleggk
>Synechococcus_sp._WH_7803  coded_by=complement(667390..668280),organism=Synechococcus sp. WH 7803,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttlkrptdgegsvqvhqdpsvnieeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvfsgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavreeylrlaqnmldnvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-4  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-4,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdseqadhyrnlakkihnnggkgiiptpis
>Methylobacterium_sp._4-46  coded_by=4152768..4153673,organism=Methylobacterium sp. 4-46,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniairnpvatrpaerreegslqvaldpdlridtakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavkfhaeelrvedfvvegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleetdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihakaknygvrlggvianrsaatdeidrfnaavglrrlahfqdldvvrrsrlrkatlfemesspeldavlaeylalaealwagvepleaepmrdrdlfeflgfd
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaamdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methylocella_palustris  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=Methylocella palustris,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaamdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._mimosae  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. mimosae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Rhizobium_sp._CFN_ESH34  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Rhizobium sp. CFN ESH34,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sulfuricurvum_kujiense_DSM_16994  coded_by=complement(1518753..1519670),organism=Sulfuricurvum kujiense DSM 16994,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
magsaslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamshyfgknimivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqdtilslaaemgtiedvemeqarlwgkglfdretpggwinctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydeegldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantggvrlaglicnarmtdreydlalelatrigtqlihfvprnnivqhaelrrmtvveyspysdqareykelarkivyndmkiiptpvsmdeledlllefgledevdesqvgkaahea
>Pteridium_aquilinum_subsp._aquilinum  coded_by=complement(128131..129012),organism=Pteridium aquilinum subsp. aquilinum,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkvavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrilqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtsqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdrveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkslkesnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyriiitdngfdalfaanciaasvrekahthplrlaglvgnrtserdlinkyveacpmpvlevlplvedirvsrvkgktlfemaecqpnlnyvcdfhsniadqtlskpegivpreipdrelfsllsdfylnpnsekgegtrdgqqdtpldftii
>uncultured_marine_proteobacterium  coded_by=complement(19039..19944),organism=uncultured marine proteobacterium,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mnspnqfipvkdvgrgdgegsvqvhldeqidaakakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrviqigcdpkhdstftltksliptvidvlesvefhaeelqtedyvqigyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddadvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhaeralvvtandfdsifamnriaaaieaksknygvrlggvianrsaetdeidrfnaevglgrvahfkdldvirrsrlkkstlfelpetpelkavqdeylqlaeglyygskaydvkpmkdrdlfdflgfd
>Rhodovulum_sp._CP-10  coded_by=<1..>459,organism=Rhodovulum sp. CP-10,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigisttsqntlaalvemdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqetvihmaaelgsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33011  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 33011,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33012-2  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 33012-2,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Caldicellulosiruptor_hydrothermalis_108  coded_by=complement(2213321..2214142),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor hydrothermalis 108,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalatlgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilgvksqvtvmdtvrevgesnvkldkvmftgfggvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleelgaftddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaneiyivasgemmalyaannicrgilkfaetsgvrlggiicnsrrvenekelleafckklgtqlikfiprdnivqkaeinrktvieydpesnqakeyldlakriiendmfvipkpmpmdeleklieeyglad
>Torreya_nucifera  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Torreya nucifera,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkd
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlrakaqtsvlslaaelgsvedveledvllpgykgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinflgangayedldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Pseudomonas_azotifigens  coded_by=776..1657,organism=Pseudomonas azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayednldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemmamyaannickgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimaladklgsqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpaakqadeyrtlakkivenkklviptpismdeleallmefgimdeedmsivgktaaeevva
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggk
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqnlvaalaeaghkcmtigcdpkadstrpilnrkmqntvvdmarekgivedldleevlltgfkdikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygddtdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeicivtsgemmamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ORS_3404  coded_by=<1..810,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ORS 3404,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansrqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqaketpkaaal
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaalvemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdledirrtgfsgtvcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayaddehldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>Sinorhizobium_sp._BR827  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. BR827,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain BR827
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_sp._ITTG_S8  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. ITTG S8,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Ensifer_mexicanus  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Ensifer mexicanus,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_chiapanecum  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium chiapanecum,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DM4  coded_by=3425200..3426204,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DM4,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit BchX
mnlqlskaaldaattlraeaaiepdpvatgeikretqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietstkkklageavaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafadaagipvlasipadddirrksanyeiigkpdgrwgslfadlsqnvadaaphrptplsqdallglfsseatgrnvvlepatiedmcgrtsltkpslevvydev
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdailslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Dechlorosoma_suillum_PS  coded_by=980747..981622,organism=Dechlorosoma suillum PS,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaadagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyanaggvrlgglicnerktdkeyeladalakklgtklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleydpeskqageyralaqkvhanagngviptpismdeledlllefgimskedesivgksksaa
>Geobacter_metallireducens_RCH3  coded_by=24804..25673,organism=Geobacter metallireducens RCH3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqatvmdkvrelgtvedlelddilkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkeyelidalakklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehpqaneyrtlakkildnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgimeaedesivgvaeavar
>Geobacter_metallireducens_GS-15  coded_by=724758..725627,organism=Geobacter metallireducens GS-15,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqatvmdkvrelgtvedlelddilkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkeyelidalakklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehpqaneyrtlakkildnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgimeaedesivgvaeavar
>Nostoc_punctiforme_PCC_73102  coded_by=complement(5500657..5501523),organism=Nostoc punctiforme PCC 73102,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdliekyieavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaeqdpsldyvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpndtpdrelfsllsdfylnpgkpqvpnseeeldlmiv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvlslaaelgsvedveledvllpgykgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangayedldyvtydvlgdvvcggfvmpirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11217  coded_by=<1..841,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11217,definition=NifH
gevsntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealatrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdrelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhvkaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyasydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=98300..99178,organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtkyldgegsmqvqldpnlqiesakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidvlesvdfhaeelrpsdyvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifamnriaaaiqakakhykvrlggvvanrsrqtdeidrfieavglerlahlpdldiirrsrlkkstvfemqpepdsgleaaqqqylqlaqqlwdgvepldarpmrdrdifdflgfd
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=complement(3150071..3150949),organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase
mtkyldgegsmqvqldpnlqiesakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidvlesvdfhaeelrpsdyvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifamnriaaaiqakakhykvrlggvvanrsrqtdeidrfieavglerlahlpdldiirrsrlkkstvfemqpepdsgleaaqqqylqlaqqlwdgvepldarpmrdrdifdflgfd
>Sinorhizobium_chiapanecum  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium chiapanecum,definition=NifH
pkpgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>700,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
tsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnna
>Methanotorris_igneus_Kol_5  coded_by=1449136..1450008,organism=Methanotorris igneus Kol 5,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mkqiafygkggigksttvcniaaaladegkrvmvvgcdpkhdctsnlrggeeiptvldtlrekgmeklsledaiegkkiemdeivykgykgiycieaggpkpgygcagrgvivaidllkkmnvfeelgvdvvlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmglaeqiyivtssdymamyaannicrgmkefakrggsrlggliynvrgsldaedivtefakklgteiigkipnslliaeaeiegktvieyapdseiasiyrelakkiyknkngvipnplenkelmqiglaikerikkmrn
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>537,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlnt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ML128  coded_by=<1..>740,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ML128,definition=NifH
gksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpip
>Sinorhizobium_sp._JNVU_TP6  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. JNVU TP6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdn
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>528,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
emgkkvmivgwdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_marine_proteobacterium  coded_by=complement(42563..43459),organism=uncultured marine proteobacterium,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mspldrnipnltgdgegsvqvhqdetakiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafskmgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgtlqptvidilksvdfhseelrpedyvatgyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhmledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksanykvrlagcvanrskdtdevdrycktvgfnriahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfempddeeivqvrkeymrlaetlwngtlplapaplpdreifellgfd
>Planktomarina_temperata_RCA23  coded_by=complement(3157708..3158604),organism=Planktomarina temperata RCA23,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mspldrnipnltgdgegsvqvhqdetakiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafskmgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgtlqptvidilksvdfhseelrpedyvatgyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhmledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksanykvrlagcvanrskdtdevdrycktvgfnriahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfempddeeivqvrkeymrlaetlwngtlplapaplpdreifellgfd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Clostridium_thermocellum_AD2  coded_by=41614..42468,organism=Clostridium thermocellum AD2,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mskeirqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaesgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgtfaqrtvldtlretgedvklenivrigfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsiglleqlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgiakfaqkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreidllrafcaelgtqliyfvprdnvvqraeinrktvieyapdsqqadeyrrlakaidentyftipkplsqerleeilleyglmeslkddyri
>Clostridium_thermocellum_YS  coded_by=41512..42366,organism=Clostridium thermocellum YS,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mskeirqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaesgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgtfaqrtvldtlretgedvklenivrigfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsiglleqlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgiakfaqkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreidllrafcaelgtqliyfvprdnvvqraeinrktvieyapdsqqadeyrrlakaidentyftipkplsqerleeilleyglmeslkddyri
>Clostridium_thermocellum_DSM_2360  coded_by=complement(35676..36530),organism=Clostridium thermocellum DSM 2360,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskeirqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaesgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgtfaqrtvldtlretgedvklenivrigfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsiglleqlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgiakfaqkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreidllrafcaelgtqliyfvprdnvvqraeinrktvieyapdsqqadeyrrlakaidentyftipkplsqerleeilleyglmeslkddyri
>Clostridium_thermocellum_JW20  coded_by=2100651..2101505,organism=Clostridium thermocellum JW20,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskeirqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaesgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgtfaqrtvldtlretgedvklenivrigfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsiglleqlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgiakfaqkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreidllrafcaelgtqliyfvprdnvvqraeinrktvieyapdsqqadeyrrlakaidentyftipkplsqerleeilleyglmeslkddyri
>Clostridium_thermocellum_DSM_1313  coded_by=2746927..2747781,organism=Clostridium thermocellum DSM 1313,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskeirqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaesgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgtfaqrtvldtlretgedvklenivrigfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsiglleqlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgiakfaqkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreidllrafcaelgtqliyfvprdnvvqraeinrktvieyapdsqqadeyrrlakaidentyftipkplsqerleeilleyglmeslkddyri
>Ruminiclostridium_thermocellum_ATCC_27405  coded_by=1901492..1902346,organism=Ruminiclostridium thermocellum ATCC 27405,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskeirqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaesgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgtfaqrtvldtlretgedvklenivrigfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsiglleqlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgiakfaqkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreidllrafcaelgtqliyfvprdnvvqraeinrktvieyapdsqqadeyrrlakaidentyftipkplsqerleeilleyglmeslkddyri
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=complement(4288817..4289815),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvvpqislqdaqlraeasvepdapvttpvtketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkatptiietsskkklageevtisdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaaaagipvlsaipadegirrksanyeivalpdgqwgplfatladnvatappvrpkplsqdgllglfssdvtgrdvvlepatmedmcgaavlnkpsleviydev
>Megasphaera_elsdenii  coded_by=complement(47519..48274),organism=Megasphaera elsdenii,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mlkiaiygkggigkstmtsnlaasfaylgkkviqigcdpkadstfnllgghpvqpvmnylrehdedpesiedisrigyggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfslledlglfekyepdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaeqvlivtsgekmalyaannintavanfadrsyakvrgiilnrrnvpdeeakvrafadrahlsivgdiprsddinryedlgqtviegdpdlpisrtfldlaqkllqdke
>Megasphaera_elsdenii_DSM_20460  coded_by=complement(525649..526404),organism=Megasphaera elsdenii DSM 20460,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mlkiaiygkggigkstmtsnlaasfaylgkkviqigcdpkadstfnllgghpvqpvmnylrehdedpesiedisrigyggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfslledlglfekyepdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaeqvlivtsgekmalyaannintavanfadrsyakvrgiilnrrnvpdeeakvrafadrahlsivgdiprsddinryedlgqtviegdpdlpisrtfldlaqkllqdke
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqnimaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvlslaaelgsvedveledvllpgykgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangayedldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntiaglaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgyqnvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntiaglaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgyqnvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntiaglaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgyqnvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_proteobacterium_DelRiverFos06H03  coded_by=complement(21091..22107),organism=uncultured proteobacterium DelRiverFos06H03,definition=chlorophyllide reductase X subunit
mttttdtatiaqpikfvellrreadvepdavsttevtketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietssrlklsgqavsigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafadnagipvlaaipanedirrksasyeiigrpdgewgplfaelaknvaeappmrpkpqtqdqllglfsadvvgrnvvlepatvfdmvgkhedikpslevvydaa
>Mesorhizobium_sp._SCAU27  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. SCAU27,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
alvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmdel
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprdnvvqhaelrr
>Sinorhizobium_kummerowiae  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Sinorhizobium kummerowiae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Clostridium_sp._BNL1100  coded_by=complement(2957028..2957849),organism=Clostridium sp. BNL1100,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglgemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilgglaqqtvldtlreegedidldlvmkkgfseincvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllerlgayeddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdgeadlveafakelgsqmihfvprdnmvqraeihkktvidfdaecnqadeyrflakkidenkmfvipkplkqerleellmehgimdi
>Abies_firma  coded_by=91360..92235,organism=Abies firma,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>Abies_koreana  coded_by=93199..94074,organism=Abies koreana,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>Abies_koreana  coded_by=93030..93905,organism=Abies koreana,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>mine_drainage_metagenome  coded_by=48134..49024,organism=mine drainage metagenome,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein (Nitrogenase component II) (Nitrogenase Fe protein) (Nitrogenase reductase) nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
msdklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagklgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaeeyrqlaqkihanggngtiptpitmdeleemlmefgimsavdesvigksaaelaaav
>Acidithiobacillus_sp._GGI-221  coded_by=complement(58..948),organism=Acidithiobacillus sp. GGI-221,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msdklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagklgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaeeyrqlaqkihanggngtiptpitmdeleemlmefgimsavdesvigksaaelaaav
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrooxidans_ATCC_53993  coded_by=complement(1206950..1207840),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans ATCC 53993,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msdklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagklgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaeeyrqlaqkihanggngtiptpitmdeleemlmefgimsavdesvigksaaelaaav
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrooxidans_ATCC_23270  coded_by=complement(1319920..1320810),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans ATCC 23270,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msdklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagklgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaeeyrqlaqkihanggngtiptpitmdeleemlmefgimsavdesvigksaaelaaav
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=250223..251233,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msldaneanalerqaaqlraeaqeepaavpsgevkketqiiaiygkggigksftlsnlsymmaqqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggratptiietssrkkaageelriedvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafaeavgipilsaipqheelrrmsanyqivgipgttwapvfetlatnvaeappvrptplsqdgllnlfkgdavgrgivlepasqsdmrgheivekpsleivydva
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsk
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgq
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_25426  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 25426,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgq
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>701,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>570,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
dstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyap
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>696,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCNWSX622  coded_by=<1..>602,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCNWSX622,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
strlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyrala
>Sideroxydans_lithotrophicus_ES-1  coded_by=871214..872092,organism=Sideroxydans lithotrophicus ES-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaesgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsvgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydealdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansgsvrlaglicnsrntdredelimalaaklgsqmihfiprdnavqhaeirrmtvieydpthkqadeyralakkivenkkfvipspitmdeleallmefgimeaedesiigkkaaelaa
>Nostoc_punctiforme_PCC_73102  coded_by=complement(1229540..1230433),organism=Nostoc punctiforme PCC 73102,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtdekirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqtsvlqlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaykdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvdreidlietlakrlntqmihyvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsneyrilakkiidndklavptpiemeeleelliefgilesdentamlvgktateapvk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedlelddvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyagnniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreydlaealakrlgte
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedlelddvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyagnniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreydlaealakrlgte
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=1..897,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msidkkirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvdreielietlakrlntqmihyvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgneyrilankiinnenlkiptpiemeeleelliefgileseenaakmiattseskssk
>Synechococcus_sp._RS9916  coded_by=complement(242665..243555),organism=Synechococcus sp. RS9916,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgegsvqvhqdpsvnleegtlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthrmvptvidileevdfhseelrpddfmftgyngvkcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfngrtglktmahfrdvdairrsrlkkctifemddndegvkavqneylslarnmlenvepldaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_BS1  coded_by=1893816..1894640,organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides BS1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllggltqktvldtlreegedvelediikegygasrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnmleqlgayddewgldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdnememiqelarqlgtqmihfvprdnmvqraeinrktvidfdpahqqadeyralakkiddnemfvipkpleieelekllidfgian
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaymgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlimhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaymgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlimhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqnlvaglaalgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleldsvlkygyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqnlvaglaalgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleldsvlkygyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Burkholderia_sp._CCGE1002  coded_by=161893..162774,organism=Burkholderia sp. CCGE1002,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msqlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsaqagqyralaekvhhnggngviptpitmdeledllmekgimvqvdesqvgktaaelta
>Methanocella_paludicola_SANAE  coded_by=367447..368235,organism=Methanocella paludicola SANAE,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkqlaiygkggigksstasnvaaamgekgiramligcdpksdssitllggrrmptimdtlrkkgsieeedvvfegfngvkcaevggpepgvgcagrgiivavqalqkvcdamkdsdviiydvpgdivcggfavpitkgmvreayiitsgeymplyaannicrglktlntplsgvicnereaehereivekfaaalgvpmlayiprdklvqnceragrsviegapgsemagvyrlladriltekdkkvpdslededlrkltq
>Pantoea_sp._At-9b  coded_by=complement(18348..19229),organism=Pantoea sp. At-9b,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptckqaneyrtlaskivnntmkvvptpctmdeleellmefgimdaedtsiigktaaeenan
>Pantoea_sp._At-9b  coded_by=complement(319904..320785),organism=Pantoea sp. At-9b,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptckqaneyrtlaskivnntmkvvptpctmdeleellmefgimdaedtsiigktaaeenan
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>701,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
elgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Synechococcus_sp._JA-2-3B'a(2-13)  coded_by=complement(1055032..1055883),organism=Synechococcus sp. JA-2-3B'a(2-13),definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
meeravklavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtleakgyhhediypedviyrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekaktrklrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvsavpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslepvcqyylniadellarpegivpqpaedrelfallsdfyntparqlalv
>Dunaliella_salina  coded_by=50727..51602,organism=Dunaliella salina,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigkstascnisialakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviyqgygnvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdyciivtdngfdalfasnriatsvreksrvhplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieacpmpvlevipliedirisrvkgktlfemaetdpsisyicdaylsiadallsepegvvprelgdrelfsllsdfyltpenknsneqnvkeepldfflv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strxilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Picea_abies  coded_by=<2547..3422,organism=Picea abies,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase subunit
vkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttqqntmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviklaaekgsvedlelnevlvegqwgikcvesggpepavgcagrgvitsinyledagayenlefvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkgqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadssrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Congregibacter_litoralis_KT71  coded_by=complement(80558..81475),organism=Congregibacter litoralis KT71,definition=ferredoxin protochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mnkpinipvqqvdpndsrgldgdgslqvhldpdvqidkakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrviqigcdpkhdstftltkalmptvidvlesvefhseeltpadymyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddadvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhaeralvvtandfdsifamnriaaaikaksknypvrlggvianrssgtdeidrfndavglkrlahfpdldvirrsrlkkstlfemddtpeliavqqeylklatalwdgtdaldaepmkdrdlfdflgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3062  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3062,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3043  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3043,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaclaqmghkflivgwhpkadstrlilqskahhtilclaaapgsvddldmedvikvgyldikcldsggpepgvgcagrgvitsmnflqdngayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcrgfampirenkaqeiyivmsreimaiyaanni
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9301  coded_by=complement(496978..497865),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9301,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtstinrpldgegsvqvkqdpkinieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrptdfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaikakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfnertglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvievqneylslaknmlekveplegnplkdreifdllgfd
>Desulfotomaculum_nigrificans_DSM_574  coded_by=complement(33845..34663),organism=Desulfotomaculum nigrificans DSM 574,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegedieledimrqgyggtlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyahsggvrlggiicnsrrvdnelelltafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeinrktvidydpahpqadeyrtlarnidnndmfvipkpmsqdrleellmtygild
>Desulfotomaculum_carboxydivorans_CO-1-SRB  coded_by=1250908..1251726,organism=Desulfotomaculum carboxydivorans CO-1-SRB,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegedieledimrqgyggtlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyahsggvrlggiicnsrrvdnelelltafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeinrktvidydpahpqadeyrtlarnidnndmfvipkpmsqdrleellmtygild
>Rhizobium_yanglingense  coded_by=<1..>693,organism=Rhizobium yanglingense,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyanagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmee
>Mesorhizobium_caraganae  coded_by=<1..>742,organism=Mesorhizobium caraganae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelreha
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtt
>Nodularia_spumigena_CCY9414  coded_by=complement(71517..72413),organism=Nodularia spumigena CCY9414,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtdekirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqtsvlqlaaergavedielhevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaytdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvdrevdlietlakrlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsneyrtlatkiinnknltiptpiemeeleelliefgileseenaaklvgktsteapvsk
>Nodularia_spumigena_CCY9414  coded_by=complement(3510203..3511099),organism=Nodularia spumigena CCY9414,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mtdekirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqtsvlqlaaergavedielhevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaytdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvdrevdlietlakrlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsneyrtlatkiinnknltiptpiemeeleelliefgileseenaaklvgktsteapvsk
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=complement(1618502..1619518),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase 35.5 kDa chain BchX
meghrmtdapelkafdqrlrdeaaeeptlevpqgepkkktqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqigkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsarkklageevqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvtnnvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeakafaeaadipilatipadedlrrksanyqivgipgtqwgplfeglahavgeappirpkplsqdglldlftpeaigadfklepatdadmrgknaaakksleviydda
>Thermodesulfobium_narugense_DSM_14796  coded_by=1566074..1566829,organism=Thermodesulfobium narugense DSM 14796,definition=Nitrogenase
mlkiavygkggigkstitshlsasfatlgkrvmqigcdpktdstmnllggkspkpilryieeygqpedieeivkigfkkviclevggptpgigcagrgiitafellddlgvyqryrpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpmregyadkvlvitsgeklalyaaeniiqaiknfsdrnyarlsglilnrrnipeeiekvgnfakkmhtkilgiipkdeyinraelegkttveldeslpisqtfislagvlleenqc
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(47483..48337),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maektlrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaelgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedieleaimktgfkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyalkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreldllkafakelgtqlihfvprnnvvqraeirkktviefnpedkqadeyrelarkieendlfvipkpmtqdrleeilieyglmdldedyii
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=743666..744520,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maektlrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaelgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedieleaimktgfkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyalkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreldllkafakelgtqlihfvprnnvvqraeirkktviefnpedkqadeyrelarkieendlfvipkpmtqdrleeilieyglmdldedyii
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=743666..744520,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maektlrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaelgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedieleaimktgfkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyalkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreldllkafakelgtqlihfvprnnvvqraeirkktviefnpedkqadeyrelarkieendlfvipkpmtqdrleeilieyglmdldedyii
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(5532977..5533831),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maektlrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaelgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedieleaimktgfkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyalkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreldllkafakelgtqlihfvprnnvvqraeirkktviefnpedkqadeyrelarkieendlfvipkpmtqdrleeilieyglmdldedyii
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=710185..711039,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maektlrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaelgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedieleaimktgfkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyalkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreldllkafakelgtqlihfvprnnvvqraeirkktviefnpedkqadeyrelarkieendlfvipkpmtqdrleeilieyglmdldedyii
>Roseiflexus_sp._RS-1  coded_by=complement(4110880..4112058),organism=Roseiflexus sp. RS-1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
maprmiaiygkggmgksfftsnltarlafdgyrvlqlgcdpkhdscntifgghslptlgdqwrlfkeagkedqlsigdvifrnelrpgvvifgcelggpevgrgcggqgistgfkvlehlgmsrwnldfivmdflgdvvcggfatplarslaeqviilvghdrqslyaanniaraaqyfrsmggttqilglvvnrddgsdtadqyaravglpiltrvplsrkvreladacrlaledaqfneifgdlagriarqelqpvenytplgyeeflrvfgaeeppgrpaaareqdlfgdkaptftvpilslkpvipqvqatdpvqrkvqqmieaigmyvtdmvrsdrdgitvtsgsieirlgepndlehkvaflsalrrsgqafsfvdlryadaptyr
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimks
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._22LBI  coded_by=<1..>741,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 22LBI,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkagigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqga
>Selenomonas_sp._FOBRC9  coded_by=complement(113315..114124),organism=Selenomonas sp. FOBRC9,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttasnvsaafaemgrhvcqigcdpkndstrlllgricketvldierekkgtaqlsdivhtgwhdikcieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhaiededivlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyateiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvarfaargsvrlggiignsrnvareeelltafaarlntrliafvpraqivhaaeirrktviehapedaqaevyrtlaraietndrlsvpqsmefeelealvesygn
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_137_str._F0430  coded_by=509094..509903,organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 137 str. F0430,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttasnvsaafaemgrhvcqigcdpkndstrlllgricketvldierekkgtaqlsdivhtgwhdikcieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhaiededivlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyateiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvarfaargsvrlggiignsrnvareeelltafaarlntrliafvpraqivhaaeirrktviehapedaqaevyrtlaraietndrlsvpqsmefeelealvesygn
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyraladkihansg
>Chloroherpeton_thalassium_ATCC_35110  coded_by=2166146..2166970,organism=Chloroherpeton thalassium ATCC 35110,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayfhnqkvfihgcdpkadstrmilggmnqatimdvlrdegaekitadkiikggfgnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidmmeatgayssdldyvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdrerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnvvqkaefnrktvvefdpeckqakeygelarkiienkmlvipkplninelesmvlkyglvd
>Acetonema_longum_DSM_6540  coded_by=complement(40..915),organism=Acetonema longum DSM 6540,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
makkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalavagykvmqvgcdpksdstntlrggtyiptvldtlqdrssvklseivfegfhgvycveaggpapgvgcagrgiisavqtlknlkvyddldldiviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvssadfmaiyaannlfkgikkysnsrgallggviansisapyakqivddfasrtktqvvgyvprsvtvtqselqgkttieafpdspqaqvykqlaakiaahevsatpspleieelrswaaqwadnlvaletgevrsaaqsi
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-2  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-2,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SCAUd29  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SCAUd29,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Methylomonas_rubra  coded_by=<1..>450,organism=Methylomonas rubra,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvagfaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqnsimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydenldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Methylomonas_rubra  coded_by=<1..>450,organism=Methylomonas rubra,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvagfaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqnsimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydenldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Burkholderia_sp._NGR190  coded_by=<1..>587,organism=Burkholderia sp. NGR190,definition=nitrogenase reductase
vgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviqydp
>Heliobacterium_modesticaldum_Ice1  coded_by=1133379..1134233,organism=Heliobacterium modesticaldum Ice1,definition=dinitrogenase iron protein nifh
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvsalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqatvmdlarekgtvedlelsdvlltgfadircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyassgkvrlgglicnsrkvdkeyelidelatrlgtqmihflprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhpqadeyralakkidenkklviptpltmdeledlliqygiledeetaaaklg
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3078  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3078,definition=NifH
mghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgsqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqaehyr
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>458),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglaemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedvdledirrtgfsgtvcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayadsehldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>Methanosaeta_thermophila_PT  coded_by=1265238..1266032,organism=Methanosaeta thermophila PT,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mspikhvaiygkggigksciasnvaaacaergvrvlvvgcdpksdssinligrriptmmdmiregkeireedvvftgyrgvrcievggpepgvgcagrgiivaidflrkvsrimddvdlvlydvpgdivcggfsapirkglvteayiitsgeympvyaannicrglkrlgarlagvvcnsrdvegereivddfaraigsrmvvfipkdpvvqrcerravtviegepessiagvyralaehvlsctdasvpeplddeslreitrm
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=complement(4262493..4263431),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniltdpnklktsgcadvnagkcaegdgegsvqvqldpnvkigtakvfsiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkklmptvidvlesvnfhseelrpedfvfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhseramivaandfdsifaanriaaaiqaksknysvrlaglianrsretdqidkfgartgiqrvahlpdldvirksrlkkmtlfemdhtaeieavqneylrlatelweakeppvqgkplkdrdifdllgfd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=NifH
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=NifH
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=NifH
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=NifH
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeaghecmiigcdpkadstrlilnrkaqntvmdmarekgtvedleldevllhgfknikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygedtdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrktdkefelisvlagklgtqlihfvp
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalselgkrvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedvelddvrrpgfcktmcvesggpepgvgcagrgittsinlleqlgayaesealdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinflegngayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdiccvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>Heliorestis_baculata  coded_by=<1..789,organism=Heliorestis baculata,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
aemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqatvmdlarekgtvedleledvlltgyadircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnsrktdkeyelidelakrlgtqmihfiprdnqvqraelrrqtvieyspehlqadeyralakkidenknlviptpltvdeleelllaygilddeataaekaekla
>Ectothiorhodospira_haloalkaliphila_ATCC_51935  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Ectothiorhodospira haloalkaliphila ATCC 51935,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaesgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimqmaadagsvedleledvlktgfgdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Ectothiorhodospira_variabilis  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Ectothiorhodospira variabilis,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaesgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimqmaadagsvedleledvlktgfgdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Heliobacillus_mobilis  coded_by=16272..17135,organism=Heliobacillus mobilis,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase subunit L BchL
miiavygkggvgkstttsnlavaiakegkrvlqigcdpksdstftiagkmiptvveildkfnyhyesiepgdliftgyggvdvvetggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllekmdvmarydvilfdvlgdvvcggfatplqyadlacvvssndfdalfaanricesvveknmsgydvkmagvignrcdqvdlletftrrietplmgvvprkeeirqsrvkgytlfeleemgepvqdmtaefrkmaryllskpdgvipnavgtremfelfkgedmpwkgsngktgastpsaq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3088  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3088,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamxaanniskgilkxansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaexlakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyxpdskqadhyr
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>688,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnlqstsppqh
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
lgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmde
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05588  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 05588,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Dorea_formicigenerans_4_6_53AFAA  coded_by=15279..16034,organism=Dorea formicigenerans 4_6_53AFAA,definition=hypothetical protein
mlkiavygkggigksttvsnmavalaekglsvmqigcdpkadstialrdgepmpavldiynekkgnvtlkeitrigykgvvcvesggptpglgcagrgiitaleklketgayevykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrsgyadyvfvvtsgenmsihaganiamalerfqnrgyaklggfilnrrnvpreeekvqelaedfhsgtigylsrselvmsaeeqkktlmecypdsemadeyralseavlaickn
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maaiaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelitelarrln
>Caldicellulosiruptor_lactoaceticus_6A  coded_by=complement(1251844..1252665),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor lactoaceticus 6A,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalatlgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilgvksqvtvmdtvrevgesnvkldkvmftgfggvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleelgaftddldfmfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaneiyivasgemmalyaannicrgilkfaetsgvrlggiicnsrrvenekelleafckrlgtqlikfiprdnivqkaeinrktvieydpesnqakeyldlakriiendmfvipkpmpmdeleklieeyglad
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvq
>Chlorobaculum_parvum_NCIB_8327  coded_by=1770153..1770977,organism=Chlorobaculum parvum NCIB 8327,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaeagkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikegykgsrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgayddewnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremieelarrigtqmihfvprdnfvqraeinrktvidydpthpqadeyralarkidenkmfvipkpleideleslliefgian
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleiedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakrlnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleiedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakrlnsk
>Nostoc_punctiforme_PCC_73102  coded_by=complement(512909..513802),organism=Nostoc punctiforme PCC 73102,definition=nitrogenase iron protein NifH
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrnvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrntdreielietlakrlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapesnqaneyrtlatkiidnknlaiptpiemeeleelliefgilesdentamlvgksaaeapvv
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_EA_2018  coded_by=283882..284700,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum EA 2018,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein (nitrogenase component II) gene nifH
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglaelgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdldtimktgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgayedeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmamyaanniskgiskfantggvrlggiicnsrkvknekelleafakelgtqliyfvprshevqkaeinkqtviqfnpkdeqadeyralakaidgndmyvvpkpmaqdkleailmeyglle
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_ATCC_824  coded_by=283892..284710,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum ATCC 824,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein (nitrogenase component II) gene nifH
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglaelgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdldtimktgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgayedeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmamyaanniskgiskfantggvrlggiicnsrkvknekelleafakelgtqliyfvprshevqkaeinkqtviqfnpkdeqadeyralakaidgndmyvvpkpmaqdkleailmeyglle
>Clostridium_acetobutylicum_DSM_1731  coded_by=283890..284708,organism=Clostridium acetobutylicum DSM 1731,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nitrogenase component II, nifH
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglaelgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdldtimktgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgayedeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmamyaanniskgiskfantggvrlggiicnsrkvknekelleafakelgtqliyfvprshevqkaeinkqtviqfnpkdeqadeyralakaidgndmyvvpkpmaqdkleailmeyglle
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhskaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrqtdredelimalaaklgtq
>Thiorhodospira_sibirica_ATCC_700588  coded_by=complement(76243..77136),organism=Thiorhodospira sibirica ATCC 700588,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mptrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimqmaadagsvedleledvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamfaanniakgivkyassgavrlaglicnsrntdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtcieydptakqsdeyrtlaqkitdnklfvvptpctmdeleellmefgileeedesiigrsaaqeqgaaata
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelr
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelr
>Treponema_brennaborense_DSM_12168  coded_by=1450118..1451011,organism=Treponema brennaborense DSM 12168,definition=Nitrogenase
mikiaiygkggigkstttanlsaalsgmgytvmqigcdpkadsvktlmggvkipsvldrlrgvcdsggcgskwggsdfggagikledivfkgfngvlcveaggptpgigcagrgiitafekleelgayetyrpdivlydvlgdvvcggfampirngyadhvfivtsgemmslyaagniasavrnfgargyasysgvilnarnvenereiveralleiggsivseiprsgtvqeaelqgktvieacpdseqaeryrelarrilkltgaeapcetvcgspcertasvadaaviaegryv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_41134  coded_by=<1..>773,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 41134,definition=nitrogen reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrpgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkvhnsggkgiiptpismdel
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglaqksvldtlreegedveladirragfgecmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydqrenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgirkfaeagvvrlgglicnsrkvdnekemiqefarrlgtqlihfvp
>Metasequoia_glyptostroboides  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Metasequoia glyptostroboides,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmsvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvasepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Clostridium_citroniae_WAL-17108  coded_by=complement(163471..164226),organism=Clostridium citroniae WAL-17108,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalaarglrvmqigcdpkadstknlmagkkiptvldqirqkeeavslediafrgygnivcvesggptpgigcagrgiitafekleeleayevfrpdvvfydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadhvmivtsgemmalfaadniahairnfgkrgyaklagfiqnsrnvegedervrlaaeengtgilhivprdrsvqlaenqgmtvieaypdspmaacyqaladkvlevtgv
>Clostridium_sp._FS41  coded_by=286107..286862,organism=Clostridium sp. FS41,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 1
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalaarglrvmqigcdpkadstknlmagkkiptvldqirqkeeavslediafrgygnivcvesggptpgigcagrgiitafekleeleayevfrpdvvfydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadhvmivtsgemmalfaadniahairnfgkrgyaklagfiqnsrnvegedervrlaaeengtgilhivprdrsvqlaenqgmtvieaypdspmaacyqaladkvlevtgv
>Trichodesmium_erythraeum_IMS101  coded_by=222..1112,organism=Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101,definition=Fe protein of nitrogenase
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamanrhgqrimivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqttvlhvaaergavedveldevlkpgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegaytdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahaggvrlgglicnsrkvdretelienlaarlntqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtveqyapednqaqeydqlaqkiinnekltiptplemdeleelliefgllgdeedrqkqiaaqdaaikataak
>Trichodesmium_erythraeum_IMS101  coded_by=3676..4566,organism=Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101,definition=NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamanrhgqrimivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqttvlhvaaergavedveldevlkpgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegaytdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahaggvrlgglicnsrkvdretelienlaarlntqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtveqyapednqaqeydqlaqkiinnekltiptplemdeleelliefgllgdeedrqkqiaaqdaaikataak
>Trichodesmium_erythraeum_IMS101  coded_by=67..957,organism=Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamanrhgqrimivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqttvlhvaaergavedveldevlkpgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegaytdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahaggvrlgglicnsrkvdretelienlaarlntqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtveqyapednqaqeydqlaqkiinnekltiptplemdeleelliefgllgdeedrqkqiaaqdaaikataak
>Trichodesmium_erythraeum_IMS101  coded_by=6380808..6381698,organism=Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamanrhgqrimivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqttvlhvaaergavedveldevlkpgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegaytdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahaggvrlgglicnsrkvdretelienlaarlntqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtveqyapednqaqeydqlaqkiinnekltiptplemdeleelliefgllgdeedrqkqiaaqdaaikataak
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides  coded_by=58884..59885,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides,definition=BchX
mtdapelkafdqrlrdeaaeeptlevpqgepkkktqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqigkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsarkklageevqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevargcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvtnnvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeakafaeaadipilatipadedlrrksanyqivgipgtqwgplfeglahavgeappirpkplsqdglldlftpeaigadfklepatdadmrgknaaakksleviydda
>Selenomonas_sputigena_ATCC_35185  coded_by=complement(1359472..1360284),organism=Selenomonas sputigena ATCC 35185,definition=Nitrogenase
mkkiafygkggigksttaanvsaafsrggkkvcqigcdpkndstrlllgriapltvldaerskkgaalslaeiahegwngvrcieaggpepgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhafddvdvaiydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaeeiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvrrfaargvvklggiigngrdvtrekelleafaarlgtkliayiprsvavheaeihrqtliayapdsaqakvyeelaaaiegnknlvipkpmafeeledlvesygn
>Selenomonas_sputigena_ATCC_35185  coded_by=244528..245340,organism=Selenomonas sputigena ATCC 35185,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttaanvsaafsrggkkvcqigcdpkndstrlllgriapltvldaerskkgaalslaeiahegwngvrcieaggpepgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhafddvdvaiydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaeeiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvrrfaargvvklggiigngrdvtrekelleafaarlgtkliayiprsvavheaeihrqtliayapdsaqakvyeelaaaiegnknlvipkpmafeeledlvesygn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansg
>Agrobacterium_tumefaciens  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Agrobacterium tumefaciens,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_656  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 656,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Burkholderia_phymatum  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia phymatum,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvgsggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdssqagqyralaekihhnggngvvptpitmdqledllmekgimvqvdesqvgktaaelta
>Huperzia_lucidula  coded_by=119595..120473,organism=Huperzia lucidula,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mklaiygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqikdyhyedvwpedvihkgyggvdrveaggppagagcggyvvgetvklskelnafyeydiilfdvlgdavrggfasplnyadyciiiadngfdallatnriaasvrekartrthplrlaglvgnrtserdlidkyvevcpmpileilpliedirvsrikgktlfemvesqpylnyvcdfylntadqilskpegiipkeisdrelfsllsdfylnpvgneeqenkenlldsvvli
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelnqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntilslaaeagsvedleiddvlktgfrgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeslarklgsqlihfvp
>Hyphomicrobium_sp._MC1  coded_by=complement(3520187..3521071),organism=Hyphomicrobium sp. MC1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 2
msalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqanhyrslaekihanggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkqvdesqigksaaelata
>uncultured_Ensifer_sp.  coded_by=<1..>520,organism=uncultured Ensifer sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gpetgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitme
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqexyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvrnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9313  coded_by=1305102..1305992,organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9313,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgegsvqvqqdasvriqegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthrmvptvidileevdfhseelrpddfmfegfngvkcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnqqtglktmahfknvdairrsrlkkctifemdssdegvmecqneylslaqkmldnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Metasequoia_glyptostroboides  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Metasequoia glyptostroboides,definition=FrxC
nisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmsvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvasepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpgpgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>570,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqnlnaglgemgknimivgcdpkastrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Ruminococcus_albus_8  coded_by=22480..23244,organism=Ruminococcus albus 8,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
miklaiygkggigkstctanlaaafaslgkrviqigcdpkadstinllggtpvtpvmdymrehddeptsieeiskvgyggilcietggptpglgcagrgiittfalleelelfekfkpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyadkvlivtsgekmalyaanninkavknfedrsyakvrgiimnrraveneeekvrafaesagldvaadiprsadiikyedmgktviegdpecetakrffglaklliaedeang
>Methylocapsa_acidiphila_B2  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=Methylocapsa acidiphila B2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaclaeaghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtilslaaaagsvedleiedvmkvgyldikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqsggrt
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=complement(949402..950277),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
makspkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggdyipsvldllrenarvdaheaifqgfggiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavellkqqnvfeeldldyvifdvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgiqkysnaggallggviansintdfhrdiiddfvartqtqvvqyvprsltvtqaelqgrttieaapesaqaeiyrtlarsiadhtdskvptplnaqelrdwsaswanqlieierasqpipalas
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=complement(949402..950277),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makspkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggdyipsvldllrenarvdaheaifqgfggiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavellkqqnvfeeldldyvifdvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgiqkysnaggallggviansintdfhrdiiddfvartqtqvvqyvprsltvtqaelqgrttieaapesaqaeiyrtlarsiadhtdskvptplnaqelrdwsaswanqlieierasqpipalas
>Clostridiales_genomosp._BVAB3_str._UPII9-5  coded_by=1675458..1676291,organism=Clostridiales genomosp. BVAB3 str. UPII9-5,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkriaiygkggigksttssnlsaaltekglqvmqigcdpkadstknlmggqqiptvldqisakgrsitlddivfksktgvlcveaggpapgvgcagrgiisafekleelhaftayhpdviiydvlgdvvcggfampirsgyarevyivssgemmslyaahniaravanfkergyaelkglilnskniadeieltrralpeigteitqiiprspeiqtaeakgmtvfeafapgtsrmrdvylelankimvtspetadsstspmagktskqnlfiggli
>Rhizobium_helanshanense  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Rhizobium helanshanense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledml
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..828,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>Desulfotomaculum_kuznetsovii_DSM_6115  coded_by=complement(3372714..3373541),organism=Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii DSM 6115,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaalahfygkkvlihgcdpkadctrlilggkpqetvmdtlrefgedavtiervvktgfcgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaislmeelgaytpdldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampvregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaannicrgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgerelmeefcsrigtrmihfiprdnivqkaefnrqtvtqfdpdcnqareyrelarkiidndmfvipqpmtmdemeslvvkyglle
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>474,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Peptoclostridium_difficile_E1  coded_by=1621..2370,organism=Peptoclostridium difficile E1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaslshlgykvmqigcdpksdstknlmkgkfiptvldvlkekkeelkledivfegyggvlcieaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafeiynpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngfanevyivtsgemmsmyaasnislavdqfknrgyaslkglilnaknvenerelvekladeiksevfhyiprnkivqqsenngrtvieedennemsevyielankimksn
>Peptoclostridium_difficile_T20  coded_by=1621..2370,organism=Peptoclostridium difficile T20,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaslshlgykvmqigcdpksdstknlmkgkfiptvldvlkekkeelkledivfegyggvlcieaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafeiynpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngfanevyivtsgemmsmyaasnislavdqfknrgyaslkglilnaknvenerelvekladeiksevfhyiprnkivqqsenngrtvieedennemsevyielankimksn
>Peptoclostridium_difficile_E10  coded_by=1619..2368,organism=Peptoclostridium difficile E10,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaslshlgykvmqigcdpksdstknlmkgkfiptvldvlkekkeelkledivfegyggvlcieaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafeiynpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngfanevyivtsgemmsmyaasnislavdqfknrgyaslkglilnaknvenerelvekladeiksevfhyiprnkivqqsenngrtvieedennemsevyielankimksn
>Peptoclostridium_difficile_T5  coded_by=1621..2370,organism=Peptoclostridium difficile T5,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaslshlgykvmqigcdpksdstknlmkgkfiptvldvlkekkeelkledivfegyggvlcieaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafeiynpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngfanevyivtsgemmsmyaasnislavdqfknrgyaslkglilnaknvenerelvekladeiksevfhyiprnkivqqsenngrtvieedennemsevyielankimksn
>Clostridium_difficile_NAP07  coded_by=39580..40329,organism=Clostridium difficile NAP07,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaslshlgykvmqigcdpksdstknlmkgkfiptvldvlkekkeelkledivfegyggvlcieaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafeiynpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngfanevyivtsgemmsmyaasnislavdqfknrgyaslkglilnaknvenerelvekladeiksevfhyiprnkivqqsenngrtvieedennemsevyielankimksn
>Clostridium_difficile_NAP08  coded_by=complement(5034..5783),organism=Clostridium difficile NAP08,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaslshlgykvmqigcdpksdstknlmkgkfiptvldvlkekkeelkledivfegyggvlcieaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafeiynpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngfanevyivtsgemmsmyaasnislavdqfknrgyaslkglilnaknvenerelvekladeiksevfhyiprnkivqqsenngrtvieedennemsevyielankimksn
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7424  coded_by=complement(2372168..2373067),organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7424,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqngnrimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqvtvlhlaaergavedleledvllqgfadikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnretdlieeladrlntqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtviqyspdhpqadeyrtlakkieentkltiptpidndtleellinygllgseeeykkvmeadmatqaltratsink
>Rhizobium_sp._FB1202  coded_by=<1..>751,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB1202,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
gigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpitm
>Rhizobium_sp._FB1206  coded_by=<1..>751,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB1206,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
gigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpitm
>Synechococcus_sp._JA-3-3Ab  coded_by=complement(1829088..1829966),organism=Synechococcus sp. JA-3-3Ab,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttcqntvagmaelgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhckaqttvlhlaaergsvedveleevvltgyrgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvcydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargvlkyaysggvrlgglicnsrkvdreieliealaeklntkmlhfiprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyspdcnqadeyralakkiinntdlriptpismdeleqlliefgvldddqkiahligktekelapv
>Synechococcus_sp._JA-2-3B'a(2-13)  coded_by=429845..430723,organism=Synechococcus sp. JA-2-3B'a(2-13),definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttcqntvagmaelgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhckaqttvlhlaaergsvedveleevvltgyrgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvcydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargvlkyaysggvrlgglicnsrkvdreieliealaeklntkmlhfiprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyspdcnqadeyralakkiinntdlriptpismdeleqlliefgvldddqkiahligktekelapv
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>696,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Caldicellulosiruptor_kristjanssonii_I77R1B  coded_by=complement(1849694..1850515),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor kristjanssonii I77R1B,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalatlgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilgvksqvtvmdtvrevgesnvkldkvmftgfggvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleelgaftddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaneiyivasgemmalyaannicrgilkfaetsgvrlggiicnsrrvenekelleafckrlgtqlikfiprdnivqkaeinrktvieydpesnqakeyldlakriiendmfvipkpmpmdeleklieeyglad
>Treponema_primitia_ZAS-2  coded_by=625411..626178,organism=Treponema primitia ZAS-2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnlsaalsmegfrvmqigcdpkadstrnltggksiptvldvlrgkkdsivledlvhpgfngifcveaggptpgigcagrgiiaafekleelkayeickpdivlydvlgdvvcggfampmregyadevlivssgemmalyaayniaqavknfagrsyatltgiilnrrnieneralvekaageigtdiigeiprcslvqdaeaqgktvlelfpesemsgtyrslgillagetlqaaas
>Acetonema_longum_DSM_6540  coded_by=complement(6594..7337),organism=Acetonema longum DSM 6540,definition=nitrogenase
mkkiafygkggigkstttsnlsaalstmgfkvmqigcdpkadstknlmrgraiptvldtmktkkaditladivfagyngvlcveaggptpgigcagrgiitafeklaelkafdyftpdiviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaedvyivtsgemmslyaasnissairqfsgrgyarlrglvlnaknvdsekelvakaaqeigtqivqyiprdahvqqaenagctvveafgesdmskvyrelaekiss
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-21  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-21,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqaqhyrnlatkvhnnggkgviptpit
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-21  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-21,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqaqhyrnlatkvhnnggkgviptpit
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-18  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-18,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqaqhyrnlatkvhnnggkgviptpit
>Chlorobium_chlorochromatii_CaD3  coded_by=complement(464414..465523),organism=Chlorobium chlorochromatii CaD3,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mkartiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfarmnkrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggislptvtdvfaaknakneqvaisdivfrrdiegfpqpiygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdvleklgmfqwdidiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilvtsndrqaiftannicqannyfrtiggeshllgmiinrddgsgvaenyaqaaginvlmkvpynmeardrddsfdfaiklpelrdkfqklatdilekriapsnatgldfndfvrlfgdvkneaprpakadelfasqpagnnasttthstqesdqqkmerciaclepiqqqlyrlaelekksltdiasltnldettisetltrarkqlkrmffeg
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=1196999..1197886,organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedldvadvvkigykgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahtggvrlgglicnerqtdkevelaealagrlgcrlihfvprdngvqhaelrrqtviqyapdskqageyrtlatkihnnsgqgvvptpitmedleemlmefgimksdeealaeleakesaaan
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum  coded_by=367..1254,organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
msalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedldvadvvkigykgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahtggvrlgglicnerqtdkevelaealagrlgcrlihfvprdngvqhaelrrqtviqyapdskqageyrtlatkihnnsgqgvvptpitmedleemlmefgimksdeealaeleakesaaan
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=1196999..1197886,organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
msalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedldvadvvkigykgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahtggvrlgglicnerqtdkevelaealagrlgcrlihfvprdngvqhaelrrqtviqyapdskqageyrtlatkihnnsgqgvvptpitmedleemlmefgimksdeealaeleakesaaan
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>679,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptp
>Burkholderia_sp._DUS751  coded_by=<1..>568,organism=Burkholderia sp. DUS751,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinflexngaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Pelodictyon_phaeoclathratiforme_BU-1  coded_by=complement(1014398..1015510),organism=Pelodictyon phaeoclathratiforme BU-1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
maartiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfalmnqrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggislptvtdifaeknaqneqlsisdivfrrdvpdfpqpiygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdvleklgifkwdidiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilvtnndrqsiftannicqannyfrtiggqsrllgliinrddgsgvaeryaeaagitvlmkvpynadardkddsfdfairlpeirekfhklaqdivadritpceavgldfmgfvrlfgevsndapqpatadelfgrkasdsgnqtvaaksslesddlkmarciekltpeqqevyrmvelekraigeiaeltqreesairellasarkeltrlffen
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkastrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=1955192..1956043,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase (iron protein)
mrqiaiygkggigkstissnlsaalhemghtvmqvgcdpkrdstrilaegkfipavleehreqlrigkdeyainlknivfkspggiylveaggpepgigcagrgvltalqilkdlkafstynidvaiydvlgdvvcggfsmpiregfaeeiylicsggfmsiyaanniaravqrlakrgdaglagiicnsngdeafehafipafakrlgtpfvqfvprspviqacelggrpvveyapdsqeaeifrnlakaiiendsrviptpindlaeletmyrqclvkdkk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgknvmivgcdpkadsmrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedlelkdvlkvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlldeegayeedldfvlydvlgdvvcggfampirennaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqstvmdlvrergtvedleledvlkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfaipiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedqelddvmnigyndircvesggpepgvgwagrgvitsinfleengaydgvgydsydelgdvvcggfampirenkaqdiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygmggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnpksqntvleeaakigtvedldledvlakgfgsiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Megasphaera_micronuciformis_F0359  coded_by=complement(26328..27110),organism=Megasphaera micronuciformis F0359,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mgeefiireyimkklaiygkggigkstttsnlaaafarmgkrviqigcdpkadstmnllggkplmpvmdyyrkyteapdfkhigaygfghvfcmetggptpglgcagrgiiatfdlidelevfekinpeivlydvlgdvvcggfsapirdgyaeevcivtsgekmslyaahniykavqnfqnrgyasvkglilnrrnvedeyervkafaderdlpiladiprskeiqvwedrgmtviegepdsdisivyrqlaqrllgne
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=31..894,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpknsqadeyrqlankivnndmktiptpitmdeleellidfgimaqedesvigkaaava
>Frankia_alni  coded_by=2798..3661,organism=Frankia alni,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpknsqadeyrqlankivnndmktiptpitmdeleellidfgimaqedesvigkaaava
>Frankia_sp._CpI1-S  coded_by=complement(16812..17675),organism=Frankia sp. CpI1-S,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpknsqadeyrqlankivnndmktiptpitmdeleellidfgimaqedesvigkaaava
>Frankia_sp._R43(2009)  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=Frankia sp. R43(2009),definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevliegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11257  coded_by=<1..>741,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11257,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelgktl
>Megasphaera_sp._UPII_135-E  coded_by=complement(18702..19469),organism=Megasphaera sp. UPII 135-E,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiavygkggigkstitsnlsaafaykgmkviqigcdpkadstfnllggkplesvmqymrvhdedpqsledisckgyanilcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfdlledlglfeiykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaddvlivtsgekmalyaanniamavknfadrsyasvrgivlnrrnvpdeekkvnafasqievpivadiprsddinhaeeqgktvievdvnlmisqkfialatllssndsarkg
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalleldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaakpgsvedleledvlkvgyqgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalvkmdqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleienvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0402  coded_by=634..1500,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0402,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqeqdfhyeniwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyaqyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvqrvpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadndpsldyvcnyylniadqllalpegvvpndaqdrelfsllsdfylnpqapkteeeeldlmmv
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_8502  coded_by=634..1500,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 8502,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqeqdfhyeniwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyaqyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvqrvpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadndpsldyvcnyylniadqllalpegvvpndaqdrelfsllsdfylnpqapkteeeeldlmmv
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0003  coded_by=complement(2292..3158),organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0003,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqeqdfhyeniwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyaqyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvqrvpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadndpsldyvcnyylniadqllalpegvvpndaqdrelfsllsdfylnpqapkteeeeldlmmv
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_8501  coded_by=complement(18041..18907),organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 8501,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqeqdfhyeniwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyaqyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvqrvpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadndpsldyvcnyylniadqllalpegvvpndaqdrelfsllsdfylnpqapkteeeeldlmmv
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdseqaneyrqlankihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimsaidesqvgktaselta
>Geobacter_sp._M18  coded_by=2244381..2245250,organism=Geobacter sp. M18,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglasigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgygevkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkeyelidalakklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhpqaneyrtlaqkiadnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgimeaedesivgvaeaaav
>Anaeroglobus_geminatus_F0357  coded_by=765..1556,organism=Anaeroglobus geminatus F0357,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mrkfpnkeqfmlkiaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafsylgkrvvqigcdpkadstfnllggcpvrpimnymrdvdeapetieeisrigyggvlcietggptpglgcagrgivstfalledmglfeqfkpdivlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaeeviivtsgekmalyaannivtavrnfedrsyarmrglifnrrnildeeekvrafasargleivgdiprndditryeemgktviegdpelsisqnflsvarrlsgeeamq
>Sinorhizobium_sp._TJ170  coded_by=<1..>634,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. TJ170,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerktdkelelaeslakklgttlihfvprdnivqhaelrr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6099  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6099,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii  coded_by=complement(7309..8202),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedleladvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmleelvakemqatvap
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA12  coded_by=<1..>560,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA12,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyap
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>492,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdikcvesggpepsvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarrlgtq
>Acaryochloris_marina_MBIC11017  coded_by=complement(1437141..1438001),organism=Acaryochloris marina MBIC11017,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgfggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyidsvpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktmfemaesdpslepvcnyylniadqilagpegvvpedaqdrelfallsdfylnptqpkteeeeldlmmv
>Vibrio_sp._EJY3  coded_by=648961..649842,organism=Vibrio sp. EJY3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mairqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmiigcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedieledvlkigygdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivvsgemmamyaanniskgickyatsgnvrlaglicnsrntdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpkcnqadeyrtlakkvienqkfvipepctmdeledllmefgimevedesiigktadeeeaa
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CACua-11  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CACua-11,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtvptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Methylobacterium_sp._4-46  coded_by=4123595..4124599,organism=Methylobacterium sp. 4-46,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtaaphaaalrhpdprpagpsvappdpregaarretqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymlaqqgrrvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietstrrklageavaigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafaasagipvlasipadddirrksanyeiigrpdgrwgplfaelaanvaaaaphqplplsqdallglfkgeavgrgvvldpasdedmrgrpvqpraslevvydav
>Pinus_jeffreyi  coded_by=93114..93989,organism=Pinus jeffreyi,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_serotina  coded_by=93204..94079,organism=Pinus serotina,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_yecorensis  coded_by=93113..93988,organism=Pinus yecorensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_leiophylla_var._chihuahuana  coded_by=92345..93220,organism=Pinus leiophylla var. chihuahuana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_banksiana  coded_by=93096..93971,organism=Pinus banksiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_torreyana_subsp._torreyana  coded_by=87830..88705,organism=Pinus torreyana subsp. torreyana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_torreyana_subsp._insularis  coded_by=87826..88701,organism=Pinus torreyana subsp. insularis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_taeda  coded_by=93188..94063,organism=Pinus taeda,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_ponderosa  coded_by=93058..93933,organism=Pinus ponderosa,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_contorta  coded_by=92934..93809,organism=Pinus contorta,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_contorta  coded_by=504..1379,organism=Pinus contorta,definition=Pinus contorta chloroplast trnN(GUU) gene for tRNA(Asn), and frxC and gidA genes
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_taeda  coded_by=93722..94597,organism=Pinus taeda,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_arizonica  coded_by=93128..94003,organism=Pinus arizonica,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_caribaea  coded_by=93260..94135,organism=Pinus caribaea,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_leiophylla_var._chihuahuana  coded_by=92343..93218,organism=Pinus leiophylla var. chihuahuana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_clausa  coded_by=93085..93960,organism=Pinus clausa,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_arizonica_var._cooperi  coded_by=93120..93995,organism=Pinus arizonica var. cooperi,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_coulteri  coded_by=93116..93991,organism=Pinus coulteri,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_cubensis  coded_by=93356..94231,organism=Pinus cubensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_devoniana  coded_by=93096..93971,organism=Pinus devoniana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_hartwegii  coded_by=92992..93867,organism=Pinus hartwegii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_douglasiana  coded_by=93099..93974,organism=Pinus douglasiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_echinata  coded_by=92918..93793,organism=Pinus echinata,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_elliottii  coded_by=93215..94090,organism=Pinus elliottii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_engelmannii  coded_by=93134..94009,organism=Pinus engelmannii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_greggii  coded_by=93382..94257,organism=Pinus greggii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_hartwegii  coded_by=93107..93982,organism=Pinus hartwegii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_lawsonii  coded_by=93213..94088,organism=Pinus lawsonii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_leiophylla  coded_by=93272..94147,organism=Pinus leiophylla,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_lumholtzii  coded_by=93195..94070,organism=Pinus lumholtzii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_montezumae  coded_by=93090..93965,organism=Pinus montezumae,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_pseudostrobus_var._apulcensis  coded_by=93088..93963,organism=Pinus pseudostrobus var. apulcensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_occidentalis  coded_by=93247..94122,organism=Pinus occidentalis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_palustris  coded_by=93219..94094,organism=Pinus palustris,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_patula  coded_by=93252..94127,organism=Pinus patula,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_ponderosa_var._scopulorum  coded_by=93012..93887,organism=Pinus ponderosa var. scopulorum,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_pungens  coded_by=93263..94138,organism=Pinus pungens,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Pinus_rigida  coded_by=93174..94049,organism=Pinus rigida,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Anthoceros_formosae  coded_by=18..890,organism=Anthoceros formosae,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase Fe protein
mkiavygkggigksttscntsiasarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgsliptiidtsqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcvevggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvsgdvvcggfvvllnyadyciiitdngfdalfavnciaasvrekarthslrlagsvgnrtskrdlinryveacpmpvlevslliedirvsrvkgktsfemvefqpflnyvcefylniadqilsqpegvipkeipdrelfsllsdfylnptnnerenknqetlldfmii
>Anthoceros_formosae  coded_by=complement(144372..145244),organism=Anthoceros formosae,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase Fe protein
mkiavygkggigksttscntsiasarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgsliptiidtsqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcvevggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvsgdvvcggfvvllnyadyciiitdngfdalfavnciaasvrekarthslrlagsvgnrtskrdlinryveacpmpvlevslliedirvsrvkgktsfemvefqpflnyvcefylniadqilsqpegvipkeipdrelfsllsdfylnptnnerenknqetlldfmii
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaqmgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegaydgadyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=complement(7296..8174),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mgkkitqiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsklgykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggryiptvldtlreksvvkasevifegfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavelfkqqkvfasldldfviydvlgdvvcggfaipiregiaehvftvsssdfmsiyasnnlfkgikkysnsggallggviansinqgyakaivddfvertqtqvveyiprsitvtqselqgkttieaapeseqakvytrlaekivehksskvpapleikelqewatswsdqllalergvvvggnaagi
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense  coded_by=complement(4565954..4566832),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 2
mgkkitqiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsklgykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggryiptvldtlreksvvkasevifegfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavelfkqqkvfasldldfviydvlgdvvcggfaipiregiaehvftvsssdfmsiyasnnlfkgikkysnsggallggviansinqgyakaivddfvertqtqvveyiprsitvtqselqgkttieaapeseqakvytrlaekivehksskvpapleikelqewatswsdqllalergvvvggnaagi
>Azoarcus_sp._BH72  coded_by=620..1513,organism=Azoarcus sp. BH72,definition=dinitrogenase reductase subunit
maklrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvmhlaaeagsvedlelddvlsvgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliealaaamgtqmihfvprdnavqhaeirrmtvieydpthkqadqyrqlaqkvlnnkmlviptpiemeqleallmefgimeqedesivgqtaaelaagaaa
>Azoarcus_sp._BH72  coded_by=571215..572108,organism=Azoarcus sp. BH72,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
maklrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvmhlaaeagsvedlelddvlsvgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliealaaamgtqmihfvprdnavqhaeirrmtvieydpthkqadqyrqlaqkvlnnkmlviptpiemeqleallmefgimeqedesivgqtaaelaagaaa
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._mimosae  coded_by=<1..>513,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. mimosae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttshntlaaladmgqnilivgwdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedldiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgwagrgvitsinfleekgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirdkkaqdiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Trichormus_azollae  coded_by=4966..5853,organism=Trichormus azollae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdreaelienlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkiinndkltiptpiemdeleallieygildddskhaeiigkpaeatk
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=390..1277,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdreaelienlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkiinndkltiptpiemdeleallieygildddskhaeiigkpaeatk
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=4870039..4870926,organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdreaelienlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkiinndkltiptpiemdeleallieygildddskhaeiigkpaeatk
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=2452..3273,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgknimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreegddieldailktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmleqlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdreyelleafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlakniennkmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Azotobacter_chroococcum  coded_by=238..1116,organism=Azotobacter chroococcum,definition=nitrogenase molybdenum-iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemxaaeagtvedleledvlkvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialaaklgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydptakqadeyrtlarkvvenkmliipnpitmdeleallmefgvmeeedesivgkaaaaee
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaamdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhnkaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methanoculleus_marisnigri_JR1  coded_by=1931913..1932731,organism=Methanoculleus marisnigri JR1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mkqialygkggigksttaanlsaalagegldilqigcdpkhdstrmlmhgtwiptvldlirergdekitvddvvyrgfrgvrcveaggpepgigcagrgiiatfqllerlnalkgdvivydvlgdvvcggfampmregyaqeiylvtsgelmsiyaanniakaiarlsrrvrsrctlggvicnakniegerelvdefarrigsrliayiprsrivqvaelqkqtvveyapesdqaavyqelartvygnettsiptplemdelesfalefvqv
>Allochromatium_minutissimum  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Allochromatium minutissimum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskvqntimemaaeagsvedleledvlkvgygnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeadldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_sp._R46074  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. R46074,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprn
>Rhodobacter_azotoformans  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=Rhodobacter azotoformans,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirgnkaqeiyivmsgemmal
>Sinorhizobium_sp._JNVU_TV1  coded_by=<1..>753,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. JNVU TV1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaqalaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaklrkmtdiqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmee
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=3084265..3085158,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 2
mrqiafygkggigkstigsniaaalsdnglsvmmigcdpkadctrnltgevqiptildvsrdkgierlgleelvegkkieldevvhkgygavhcaecggprpgfgcagrgvivaidllnrlkafeelnpdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrrgladevyivtsadylalyaannickgisefankggsplggiiynvrgmldeadvvydfarkigsrvighvpnaheiaeaeidgntvieydgntdiaklfrelaikiynntktsvpepllpeemvrigheirkrtkekyknrgggss
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>459,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
iggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamycank
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalsdldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdladirlrgfgntyctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayqesenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8802  coded_by=complement(825250..826119),organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8802,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemtesdpsldyvcnyylniadqllampegvvpndapdrelftllsdfylnpqtpvksqeeeldlmmv
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_8801  coded_by=complement(825452..826321),organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 8801,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemtesdpsldyvcnyylniadqllampegvvpndapdrelftllsdfylnpqtpvksqeeeldlmmv
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>732,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdels
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansg
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aeilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpit
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CACua-88  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CACua-88,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinlleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglaslgkhvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqatvmdlvrergtvedlelddvlkvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA15c  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA15c,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapds
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirerkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirerkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=16..909,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=Rhodobacter capsulatus nifH gene encoding dinitrogenase reductase and nifD gene encoding the alpha subunit of dinitrogenase
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaevgsvedleledvvkigyrgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmavyaannipkgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkvprnlgqgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamkpea
>Synechococcus_sp._PCC_7002  coded_by=complement(2425556..2426422),organism=Synechococcus sp. PCC 7002,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtmtlavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdliekyvshvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaegdsmldyvcdfylniadqvlaapegvvpseasdrelfsllsdyylnppvektqedeldlmmv
>Bradyrhizobium_arachidis  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Bradyrhizobium arachidis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqaehyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismeel
>Synechococcus_sp._CC9902  coded_by=1570928..1571827,organism=Synechococcus sp. CC9902,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtsmtttlsrptdgegsvqvqqdpsmkieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthsmvptvidileevdfhseelrpddfvftgyngvkcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvianrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemdddddavkavkneylrlaqnmldnvepleavslkdreifdllgfd
>Treponema_primitia_ZAS-2  coded_by=28502..29380,organism=Treponema primitia ZAS-2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 1 (Nitrogenase component II)(Nitrogenase Fe protein 1) (Nitrogenase reductase)
mgnqkgkhiaiygkggigkstttsnisaslaeagfkviqigcdpksdstnvlrgneylptvldsmrdggkvhlddisragfggvlciesggpvpgvgcagrginaavtllqelhlfdefkpdyvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirdgitdrayvvsssdfmaiyaannlfkaiskyapsggaklggiignglsagysqsiiddfaqktgtkvtgyiprslvvsqselygktvieaspesehaklyralaktvaenedlmvpnplattelrswakdwgdkvfkleegivvgsreai
>Methanotorris_igneus_Kol_5  coded_by=1785698..1786552,organism=Methanotorris igneus Kol 5,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msfdeiapnakkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayyyklkgmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqetvmdvlreegeegvtlekvrkvgfagiycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavnlmrelggypddldflffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglakeiyivssgemmalyaanniakgilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgelelmeefcdklgtklihfiprdnivqkaefnkmtvvefapdsnqakeykklgkkimdndelviptpmtmdemeklvekyglydk
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CATux-95  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CATux-95,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsidfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CATux-90  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CATux-90,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsidfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Calditerrivibrio_nitroreducens_DSM_19672  coded_by=714166..715035,organism=Calditerrivibrio nitroreducens DSM 19672,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maklrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhtkaqatimelaaeagsvedlelddvlkegflgikcveaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmamyaannisrgilkyansggvrlggiicnerktdrerelvselakrlssqmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvveydpsckqadeyralankiinnklfviptpvtmqeledllmeygilkeddenigkskta
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kggigkstttqntvaglvalgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvvdlirergtvedlelsevlklgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleaegaytpeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaa
>Chlorobium_ferrooxidans_DSM_13031  coded_by=53976..54800,organism=Chlorobium ferrooxidans DSM 13031,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgknvmvigcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikegyrntrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgafddewnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadtggvrlgglicnsrnvdnerqmieelakkigtqmihfvprnnfvqraeinrktvieydptheqadeyralaqkihdnkmfvipkpleieelealliefgian
>Rubrivivax_benzoatilyticus_JA2  coded_by=complement(82778..83686),organism=Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mstatispsqigrggrpdgegsvqvqmetgakignakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrmvptvidvletvnfhpeelrvedfvfegtngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleetdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifaanrivqaigakaknynvrlggiianrsdatdqidkfnerigmrslaripaldvirksrlkkatlfemeespevlavqaeylqlaqrlwdgvdplyceplkdreifdllgyd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgyvcdpkadslilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqignvrcaefvsggpepgvgcagrggyvitainfleeegaddldfydvlgdvvcggfatrmpirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>Ruminococcus_obeum_ATCC_29174  coded_by=complement(285652..286431),organism=Ruminococcus obeum ATCC 29174,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mgrylqmlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafasmgkkviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnymreedeepekledisregfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetyqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenetekvqafadksgipivgeiprsdeiirwedqgktviegdakssisrrffdlaemllkaeeee
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33037  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 33037,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfgmpirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaevlakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismeeledml
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>584,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
hlaategsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihlnsgq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>579,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvq
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=complement(2209530..2210438),organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniplriggcasgpgcgdgegsvqvatdpllaietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrfvptvidvlesvnfhaeelraedfifegyngvmcveaggppagagcggyvvgqtvkllkahhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqfadrtlivcandfdsifamnrivaaiaskaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqidnynnrvglktmahfrdldairrsrlkksvifemdpspeilavqaeymhlaetlwagtepldamplkdreifdllgyd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnn
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>453,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsakfsaafsemdldvmqmgcdpkhdstrmlmhgrwipmvleqmydhneiksdeiiyqglgnirwveaggpepgigcagrgiiatfqlldkmdafygdvvvydvlgdvvcggfampmsdgyahevylvtsgelmslyaanni
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitatnfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05637  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05637,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdshqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeelenml
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsiqlswkanggalqqtldyvtykllgerrvaaafadahpgrrrrrrstssprgemwamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Halorhodospira_halophila  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Halorhodospira halophila,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaekgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqntvmhlaaeagsvedleledvlqvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>695,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismeel
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>788,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
iygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledml
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadsmrlilnnkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvimainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._phaseoli  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. phaseoli,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptp
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._phaseoli  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. phaseoli,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptp
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._phaseoli  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. phaseoli,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptp
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._phaseoli  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. phaseoli,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptp
>Frankia_sp._ARgP5ag  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. ARgP5ag,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaymgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlimhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>Clostridium_carboxidivorans_P7  coded_by=64470..65240,organism=Clostridium carboxidivorans P7,definition=Nitrogenase
mikiavygkggigksttvsnisaaladkgirvmqigcdpkadstvslhnktkvntvlelvrknkddftledmvtigyngvicveaggpnpglgcagrgiiaaleklkekgayevykpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkvfiitsgenmaihaaaniamaidnfknrgyaglgglilnkrnvkneyekvselaedihseivgtldmsetvqeaeifnktvieafpqsdmakqyrklseiimricgkeilcl
>Clostridium_carboxidivorans_P7  coded_by=complement(2214059..2214829),organism=Clostridium carboxidivorans P7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigksttvsnisaaladkgirvmqigcdpkadstvslhnktkvntvlelvrknkddftledmvtigyngvicveaggpnpglgcagrgiiaaleklkekgayevykpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkvfiitsgenmaihaaaniamaidnfknrgyaglgglilnkrnvkneyekvselaedihseivgtldmsetvqeaeifnktvieafpqsdmakqyrklseiimricgkeilcl
>Methanococcus_voltae_A3  coded_by=complement(771128..771964),organism=Methanococcus voltae A3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkfciygkggigkstnvgnmaaalaedgkkvlvvgcdpkadstrtlmhgkintvldtfrdkgpeymkiedivyegfngvycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdmldrlgvydelkpdvvmydilgdvvcggfamplqkrlaedvyivttcdpmaiyaannickgiqrygnrgkialggiiyngrsvvdepeiidkfvqgintqvmgkipmsniitkaelrkqttieyapdseiankfrelanaiyenkkttiptplseqglddltesieelvrkkye
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigqsttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6163  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6163,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayeerdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgteliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlagrihnnag
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lppb8  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lppb8,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmrvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyasdsqqadhyrnlat
>Scenedesmus_obliquus  coded_by=complement(130638..131507),organism=Scenedesmus obliquus,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisialakrgkkvlqigcdpksdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkefnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanritasvrekarthplrlaglignrtkkrdliekyvetcpmpilevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemteseptlqfvcdfylniadqlltqpegviprelgdrelfnllsnfylnssnstnttlknetnlfdlv
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=complement(<1..>765),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
makerigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengandvdvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeiivmsgemmalaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdeledml
>Chlorobium_tepidum_TLS  coded_by=1435931..1436755,organism=Chlorobium tepidum TLS,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaeagkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikegyrntrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgayddeweldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremieelarrlgtqmihfvprdnfvqraeinrktvidfdpthpqadeyralakkidenkmfvipkpleideleslliefgian
>Chloroflexus_aggregans_DSM_9485  coded_by=complement(4241346..4242167),organism=Chloroflexus aggregans DSM 9485,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslilaiygkggigksttsanlsaamalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpltghlqptvidvldsvnfhledvskedvirtgfagvdtlesggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllkefglydkydvivfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadygliiacndfdsifaanrlclaiaqksqrhkvklagiianrvdyeygggtslldqfaekvgtkvigrvpyhdlirrsrlagktlfemegpgkeectrpfeemaeyllaqpqatipnpyhdraifeaiggwr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglsqktvldtlrtegedveledirkvgfqsaicvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayagsqeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkfaesggvrlgglicnsrkvdneqemidafakqlgtqlihfvp
>Clostridium_sp._ATCC_BAA-442  coded_by=177..1001,organism=Clostridium sp. ATCC BAA-442,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlriafygkggigkstvaahlsaafartgkrvlhigcdpkadstrcltsgriptvletlgrseellareqlvfpgafgvscveaggpqagagcaglgitamadelnrlgileepwdvvvydvlgdvvcggfavpmrkhfvdrvylitsadfmalyaannimrgvarysgaapllggliqnrshgagedalvrsfaeqsgtrvvgilpedrqlrradylhttvhhlepdgaaamrflelaqrlwdtqptsprplgdealeafcrraaeqevegla
>Flavonifractor_plautii_ATCC_29863  coded_by=134..958,organism=Flavonifractor plautii ATCC 29863,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlriafygkggigkstvaahlsaafartgkrvlhigcdpkadstrcltsgriptvletlgrseellareqlvfpgafgvscveaggpqagagcaglgitamadelnrlgileepwdvvvydvlgdvvcggfavpmrkhfvdrvylitsadfmalyaannimrgvarysgaapllggliqnrshgagedalvrsfaeqsgtrvvgilpedrqlrradylhttvhhlepdgaaamrflelaqrlwdtqptsprplgdealeafcrraaeqevegla
>Flavonifractor_plautii  coded_by=complement(10913..11737),organism=Flavonifractor plautii,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mlriafygkggigkstvaahlsaafartgkrvlhigcdpkadstrcltsgriptvletlgrseellareqlvfpgafgvscveaggpqagagcaglgitamadelnrlgileepwdvvvydvlgdvvcggfavpmrkhfvdrvylitsadfmalyaannimrgvarysgaapllggliqnrshgagedalvrsfaeqsgtrvvgilpedrqlrradylhttvhhlepdgaaamrflelaqrlwdtqptsprplgdealeafcrraaeqevegla
>Flavonifractor_plautii  coded_by=212..1036,organism=Flavonifractor plautii,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mlriafygkggigkstvaahlsaafartgkrvlhigcdpkadstrcltsgriptvletlgrseellareqlvfpgafgvscveaggpqagagcaglgitamadelnrlgileepwdvvvydvlgdvvcggfavpmrkhfvdrvylitsadfmalyaannimrgvarysgaapllggliqnrshgagedalvrsfaeqsgtrvvgilpedrqlrradylhttvhhlepdgaaamrflelaqrlwdtqptsprplgdealeafcrraaeqevegla
>Clostridium_orbiscindens_1_3_50AFAA  coded_by=complement(13935..14759),organism=Clostridium orbiscindens 1_3_50AFAA,definition=hypothetical protein
mlriafygkggigkstvaahlsaafartgkrvlhigcdpkadstrcltsgriptvletlgrseellareqlvfpgafgvscveaggpqagagcaglgitamadelnrlgileepwdvvvydvlgdvvcggfavpmrkhfvdrvylitsadfmalyaannimrgvarysgaapllggliqnrshgagedalvrsfaeqsgtrvvgilpedrqlrradylhttvhhlepdgaaamrflelaqrlwdtqptsprplgdealeafcrraaeqevegla
>Methanococcus_voltae  coded_by=497..1333,organism=Methanococcus voltae,definition=Methanococcus voltae gene homologous to nifH (nitrogenase Fe protein)
mrkfciygkggigkstnvgnmaaalaedgkkvlvvgcdpkadstrtlmhgkintvldtfrdkgpeymkiedivyegfngvycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdmldrlgvydqlkpdvviydilgdvvcggfamplqkklaedvyivttcdpmaiyaannickgikrygnrgkialggiiyngrsvvdepeiidkfveginsqvmgkvpmsniitkaelrkqttieyapdseiankfrelansiyenkkttiptplseqgldeltesieelvrrkye
>Rhizobium_gallicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>754),organism=Rhizobium gallicum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkagkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaddvdvsdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiivmsgemmalaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnertdreldlaealaaklnsklifvprdnivqhaelrkmtviyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdeledml
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=1519066..1519998,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniltdptklqgctdtnankcvegdgegsvqvqldpdlkigtakvfsiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkcliptvidvlesvnfhaeelrpedfvfegyngvmcleaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhsdramivtandfdsifaanrivaaitakaknygvrvggiianrsdatdqidkfsertgvprvahfpaldiirksrlkkstlfeldhspelakvqeeymrlatelwegkqppcegkalkdreifdllgfd
>Chlamydomonas_reinhardtii  coded_by=21321..22202,organism=Chlamydomonas reinhardtii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisialakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlsskdyhyediwpedviyggyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlplieeirisrvkgktlfemsnknnmtsahmdgskgdnstvgvsetpsedyicnfylniadqlltepegvipreladkelftllsdfylki
>Chlamydomonas_reinhardtii  coded_by=1..882,organism=Chlamydomonas reinhardtii,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisialakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlsskdyhyediwpedviyggyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlplieeirisrvkgktlfemsnknnmtsahmdgskgdnstvgvsetpsedyicnfylniadqlltepegvipreladkelftllsdfylki
>Porphyra_purpurea  coded_by=181..1053,organism=Porphyra purpurea,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalskrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglvgnrtdkrdlidkyidcvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdtnlayvcdyylniadqliarpegvvpkeaadrelfsllsdfylnpksnttkstadeeeldlmmv
>uncultured_Geobacter_sp.  coded_by=<1..>590,organism=uncultured Geobacter sp.,definition=NifH
tttqntvaglasigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleiedvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayapdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirkgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstqmihyvpr
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=complement(33267..34160),organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtilhlaaqagsvedleiedvmkigyrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannickgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdreydladalakrlgsklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqadeyralakkihenagkgvipkpvtmdeledllmefgimkkedesligkakveeeaavcv
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=385..1278,organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=nitrogenase subunit
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtilhlaaqagsvedleiedvmkigyrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannickgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdreydladalakrlgsklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqadeyralakkihenagkgvipkpvtmdeledllmefgimkkedesligkakveeeaavcv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_F11  coded_by=complement(3431508..3432476),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum F11,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msaplrdvaaitpaplastakketqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqkgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietssarklagedlgigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvvnnvcsavtyfrkmggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaakaglpvlasipadedlrrksaayqivgrpgspwgplfeqlainvgeapplqptpldqdsllglfsgdevgrdvvlepatpedmrggavvekaslevvydsv
>Rhodospirillum_rubrum_ATCC_11170  coded_by=complement(3431508..3432476),organism=Rhodospirillum rubrum ATCC 11170,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msaplrdvaaitpaplastakketqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqkgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietssarklagedlgigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvvnnvcsavtyfrkmggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaakaglpvlasipadedlrrksaayqivgrpgspwgplfeqlainvgeapplqptpldqdsllglfsgdevgrdvvlepatpedmrggavvekaslevvydsv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelitelarrln
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaqmghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>758),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tgkggigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengandvdvsdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeiivmsgemmalaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnertdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpitmdeledml
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqatvmdkvrelgtvedlelddilkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdladirlsgfgqtyctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayhedenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgtt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3865  coded_by=<1..>587,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3865,definition=NifH
cvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihlnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeq
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>650,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhn
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>648,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhn
>Chara_vulgaris  coded_by=complement(173096..173962),organism=Chara vulgaris,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgygevncveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdssleyvcdyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelftllsdfylnininsnnleknessflii
>Prosthecochloris_aestuarii_DSM_271  coded_by=1771033..1771857,organism=Prosthecochloris aestuarii DSM 271,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgnkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllggltqktvldtlreegedvelediikegygasrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgayddewgldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremieelarqlgtqmihfvprdnmvqraeinrktvidfdpshnqadeyralatkidqnemfvipkpleieelekllidfgian
>Tolumonas_auensis_DSM_9187  coded_by=736331..737218,organism=Tolumonas auensis DSM 9187,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvsalaemgkkvmiigcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigyggvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgsvrlaglicnsrqtdredeliialadklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptckqaneyrtlankvvnnklfvvptpvtmdeleellmefgimdvedetiigktaaeeaaata
>Rhizobium_sp.  coded_by=520..1410,organism=Rhizobium sp.,definition=Rhizobium nifH1 gene encoding nitrogenase, complete cds
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleleevmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaenlakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsvqanhyrnlaervhnnggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimktvdetqvgktaaelaalsa
>Azorhizobium_caulinodans_ORS_571  coded_by=1001..1891,organism=Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS 571,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleleevmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaenlakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsvqanhyrnlaervhnnggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimktvdetqvgktaaelaalsa
>Azorhizobium_caulinodans_ORS_571  coded_by=3959441..3960331,organism=Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS 571,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 1
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleleevmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaenlakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsvqanhyrnlaervhnnggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimktvdetqvgktaaelaalsa
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._ArI4  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=Frankia sp. ArI4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleedgayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdretdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitmdeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_arachidis  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium arachidis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhknggkgiiptpismeel
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>592,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
hlaategsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihlnsgqgt
>Methanobacterium_ivanovii  coded_by=132..959,organism=Methanobacterium ivanovii,definition=nitrogenase Mo-Fe protein
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntasamahfhnqrvmihgcdpkadstrmilggkmqttmmdtlreegeeacmdldnvmstgfkdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitimehmkvyddndfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivasgemmalyaannlckgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekelleefckrigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkrtvvdfdaecsqaheyselarkiiendnfvipdpmtmdeleemvvsyglmd
>Burkholderia_mimosarum  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Burkholderia mimosarum,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvi
>Burkholderia_mimosarum  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Burkholderia mimosarum,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvi
>Megasphaera_genomosp._type_1_str._28L  coded_by=complement(13134..13889),organism=Megasphaera genomosp. type_1 str. 28L,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mikiavygkggigksttvcnmtaaladsglrvmqigcdpkadsttalhgqrhrrtvldlirekedqvtladmivrgykncicveaggpipgtgcagrgiiaaletlaeqgvyeqykpdvvfydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrngyadavyivtsgenmaiyaaaniamavrqfkdrgyarlgglilnrrnvlqetekvqalaadiqapvigtlsrstvvaaaeeagktvieafpessmaeeyrrlaqavyrdalr
>Megasphaera_sp._UPII_199-6  coded_by=complement(20191..20946),organism=Megasphaera sp. UPII 199-6,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigksttvcnmtaaladsglrvmqigcdpkadsttalhgqrhrrtvldlirekedqvtladmivrgykncicveaggpipgtgcagrgiiaaletlaeqgvyeqykpdvvfydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrngyadavyivtsgenmaiyaaaniamavrqfkdrgyarlgglilnrrnvlqetekvqalaadiqapvigtlsrstvvaaaeeagktvieafpessmaeeyrrlaqavyrdalr
>uncultured_Enterobacteriaceae_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Enterobacteriaceae bacterium,definition=NifH
edlelehvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesl
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>Thiorhodospira_sibirica_ATCC_700588  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Thiorhodospira sibirica ATCC 700588,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimqmaadagsvedleledvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsaemma
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7822  coded_by=4076122..4077018,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7822,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqngnrimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqvtvlhlaaergavedleledvllqgfadikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnreidlieeladrlntqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtviqyspdhpqadeyralakkieentkltiptpidndtleellinygllgsdeeykkvmeadmaqqaltkslnak
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maaiaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>739),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrilaqrihdnsgkgt
>Denitrovibrio_acetiphilus_DSM_12809  coded_by=1094846..1095718,organism=Denitrovibrio acetiphilus DSM 12809,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
malrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqstimelaaeagsvedlelddvlkagyldircveaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlaglicnerqtdredeliselaskintqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvveydgkckqadeyrtlankiinnkmfniptpvsmqeledllmefgiiteddeaivgkkahea
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaqlatsfgqhimivgcdpkadstrlifntkaqqtvlhlaaergtvedleledvvptgfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleqhgaydemefiyydvlgdvvcggfampigenkaheiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
lggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Erythrobacter_sp._NAP1  coded_by=210209..211198,organism=Erythrobacter sp. NAP1,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit BchX
mtmlesqaqalrdeaaeepdpvhtgeaksetqviaiygkggsgksfalsnlsymmaqqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkscptiietsskkklagedvtiedvcfqrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvchaveyfrkmggnvgvagmivnkddgtgeaqafakavdipvltaipanedirrksanyqiigtpggewaslfeelatnvaeapprqpspldqdgllnlfspeetggnvelipatqadmrggtfeekpsleviydei
>Frankia_sp._NRRLB-16306  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. NRRLB-16306,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevliegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrl
>Chlorobaculum_parvum_NCIB_8327  coded_by=221885..222715,organism=Chlorobaculum parvum NCIB 8327,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheelspedivetgfagidgleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqemglydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaviiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvqlagivanrvdytkgggtnmldqfaeqvgtrllakvpyhelirksrfagktlfamdenepeladclapyneiaeqilsktpiasvpkpigdreifdivggwq
>Taiwania_flousiana  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Taiwania flousiana,definition=FrxC
nisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Clostridium_botulinum_NCTC_2916  coded_by=730937..731686,organism=Clostridium botulinum NCTC 2916,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaetlgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum_CFSAN001627  coded_by=60..809,organism=Clostridium botulinum CFSAN001627,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaetlgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Megasphaera_sp._UPII_199-6  coded_by=complement(27966..28718),organism=Megasphaera sp. UPII 199-6,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiavygkggigkstltsnlsaafaysgkkviqigcdpkadstlnllggvplesvmsymrvhdedpqslaeisrrgyknilcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfalledlglfetycpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaeqvlivtsgekmalyaanniavavqnfadrsyasvrgiilnrrnvpdeekkvkafsaqigvpviadiprcddinhseeqgktvietnpfssisqtflqlatllgkea
>Mesorhizobium_gobiense  coded_by=<1..>746,organism=Mesorhizobium gobiense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Vibrio_cincinnatiensis  coded_by=1..>689,organism=Vibrio cincinnatiensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase iron protein
mairqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagqkvmiigcdpkadstrlilhtkmqntimemaaeagtvedieledvlltgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedidfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaanniskgickyaatgsvrlaglicnsrntdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvi
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>749,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Thuja_standishii  coded_by=291..1163,organism=Thuja standishii,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgenvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihagyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeyniilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdslfaanritasirekarthplrlvglvgnrtsqrdlikkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrikgktlfemvgsepslnyiceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidkgkdqnnkknllgftmv
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=10663..11442,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
miraaiygkggigkstttsnlavalsgmgykvmqigcdpkadstrmltggraiptvlelvrsrrddlqvsdfvqegyngvlcveaggpmpgigcagrgiitafdtlaemkayevyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrgeytdvvfivtsgemmsmyaasniaaalanfrsrdyarygglilnrrnvgrelelvqqlaaetqgeliavipraaeiqkgeeqgktvmeifpqteiaqcyrtlarrflhtvdkstkpqvef
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C5  coded_by=632911..633738,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C5,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaamahfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilhgkqqvtmmdtlrekgedectpdkvievgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqhgvyeddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkadeiyvvasgemmalyaannickgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgeldllqefcdkigtqlihfvprdnivqkaefqkkavvdyddtcnqameykelarkiienenlviptpmtmdeleeltskygfld
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Methanobacterium_paludis  coded_by=complement(2113462..2114289),organism=Methanobacterium paludis,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntasamahfhdkkvmihgcdpkadstrmilggkmqrtmmdtlredgeeacmvldnimsigyegikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqqkvyedndfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyvvasgemmalyaannlckgmvkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgerelleefckkigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvvdfepdcnqaheyealagkiinnenfvipkpmsmdeleemvvqyglmd
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaqqgsvedleledvmktgyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamhaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Rhizobium_sp._TJ167  coded_by=<1..>634,organism=Rhizobium sp. TJ167,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgydpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrk
>Treponema_sp._JC4  coded_by=complement(28664..29515),organism=Treponema sp. JC4,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maeirqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvehgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtirdegenveldrimrtgfggtrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismlenlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgisryakaggvrlggiicnsrnvdreldllrafakelgtqllyfvprdnivqraeinrktvieykpdsaqaqeyrnlaeavinnqtftiptpmtqerleqilleyglmdaleddyki
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkivivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgexmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CATux-331  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CATux-331,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsrntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsynvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Mesorhizobium_albiziae  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Mesorhizobium albiziae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Geobacter_lovleyi_SZ  coded_by=complement(656323..657189),organism=Geobacter lovleyi SZ,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglasigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleleevmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlgglicnsrntdredeliealaarlgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhkqaneyrtlaqkiadnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgimevddeenvgkvegaa
>Anaerobacillus_alkalilacustris  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Anaerobacillus alkalilacustris,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlvqlaknygqeimivgcdpkadstrlvlntkmqqtvlslaaekgtvedlelhevaqngfagiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803  coded_by=3415989..3416924,organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit; ChlL
mrsaqrrphnpehspraflgatpltltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdaqdrdlfsllsdfylnptqpasqtkeldlmmv
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803  coded_by=3413622..3414557,organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit ChlL
mrsaqrrphnpehspraflgatpltltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdaqdrdlfsllsdfylnptqpasqtkeldlmmv
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803  coded_by=3412080..3413015,organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit ChlL
mrsaqrrphnpehspraflgatpltltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdaqdrdlfsllsdfylnptqpasqtkeldlmmv
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803_substr._PCC-P  coded_by=3412633..3413568,organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 substr. PCC-P,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit ChlL
mrsaqrrphnpehspraflgatpltltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdaqdrdlfsllsdfylnptqpasqtkeldlmmv
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803_substr._PCC-N  coded_by=3412622..3413557,organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 substr. PCC-N,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit ChlL
mrsaqrrphnpehspraflgatpltltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdaqdrdlfsllsdfylnptqpasqtkeldlmmv
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803_substr._GT-I  coded_by=3412523..3413458,organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 substr. GT-I,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit ChlL
mrsaqrrphnpehspraflgatpltltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdaqdrdlfsllsdfylnptqpasqtkeldlmmv
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaalaeagykcmivgcdpkadatrlilnrkaqatvmdmarergtvedleidevllhgfkgvkcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayeadtdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_marine_type-A_Synechococcus_GOM_5D20  coded_by=25049..25939,organism=uncultured marine type-A Synechococcus GOM 5D20,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgegsvqvhqdpglniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrtddfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavrseylrlaqnmlenvepleakslkdreifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23010  coded_by=<1..>772,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 23010,definition=nitrogen reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvrggfampireykaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdel
>Rhizobium_sp._R46039  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium sp. R46039,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaamvelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaatkgsvedlelqdvlklgykgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatvgsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyrklaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Selenomonas_sp._oral_taxon_149_str._67H29BP  coded_by=complement(25094..25906),organism=Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 149 str. 67H29BP,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttaanvsaafaqmgrrvcqigcdpkndstrlllgriapstildlerekkgaaltlgdlvhegtggvrcieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhafddldvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaeeiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvcrfaargavklggiigngrdvhnerellaafaarigtqlityiprsravheaeihrqtliayapeseqaqhykalahaidtnemltvptpmafeeleelvesygd
>Megasphaera_sp._UPII_135-E  coded_by=complement(10967..11722),organism=Megasphaera sp. UPII 135-E,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigksttvcnmsatladmglkvmqigcdpkadststlhgkgkistvldlireyeddvplekmvtlgykdivcveaggpipgtgcagrgiiaalemleeqgaydvyqpdvvfydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrngyadtvyivtsgenmaiyaaaniamaihsfrdrgyarlgglilnkrnvhheerkvnelaqeiqapilgildrsetvtkaeelkktvveafpeskmaqeyrvlaqaiykdalr
>Arcobacter_sp._L  coded_by=complement(30467..31381),organism=Arcobacter sp. L,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamchyygqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqstimqlaseagtvedleledvckpgagefhydnneitegyinctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantggvrlaglicnarmtdkeydlakhlamqigtqmihfvprsnhvqraelrrmtvvefaptsdqameykelarkiiandlkviptplemddlenllmefgleeeadldnigkkaeea
>Frankia_sp._AiPs3  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AiPs3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AgGS'84/18  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgGS'84/18,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AgGS'84/44  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgGS'84/44,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhskaqttvmhlaaeagsvedleledvmsigfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Clostridium_cellobioparum  coded_by=659..1471,organism=Clostridium cellobioparum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglgemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreegedieldtvlkvgyagikgvesggpepasaagrgiitsigllerlgayeadldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsaemmglyaanniakgiskyantggvrlgglicnsrkvdgeadlvsrvakeigtqmihfvpatmrcrrrksikrqlstfrpmtqadeyrtlarkidgndmfvvprpmsidrleailmehgild
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=61..879,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=Clostridium pasteurianum nifH6 gene (nifH1-like sequence)
mrqlaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldsilktgyagircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspsvtkaeinkktvieydptceqaneyrelarkveendmfvipkpmtqerleqilmehglid
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=1396..2214,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqlaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldsilktgyagircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspsvtkaeinkktvieydptceqaneyrelarkveendmfvipkpmtqerleqilmehglid
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(30367..31185),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqlaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldsilktgyagircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspsvtkaeinkktvieydptceqaneyrelarkveendmfvipkpmtqerleqilmehglid
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1524991..1525809,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqlaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldsilktgyagircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspsvtkaeinkktvieydptceqaneyrelarkveendmfvipkpmtqerleqilmehglid
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(1899481..1900299),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqlaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldsilktgyagircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspsvtkaeinkktvieydptceqaneyrelarkveendmfvipkpmtqerleqilmehglid
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1524991..1525809,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqlaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldsilktgyagircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspsvtkaeinkktvieydptceqaneyrelarkveendmfvipkpmtqerleqilmehglid
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(34309..35127),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqlaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldsilktgyagircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspsvtkaeinkktvieydptceqaneyrelarkveendmfvipkpmtqerleqilmehglid
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlrdegeevdlddirrigfgntyctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaykesigldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Chlorobium_tepidum_TLS  coded_by=complement(2037357..2038187),organism=Chlorobium tepidum TLS,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheelspedivetgfagidgleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqemgvydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaviiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvqlagivanrvdytkgggtnmldqfaeqvgtrllakvpyhelirksrfagktlfamdpnepelaeclapyneiadqilsekpiasvpkpigdreifdivggwq
>Chlorobaculum_tepidum  coded_by=3286..4116,organism=Chlorobaculum tepidum,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase L subunit
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheelspedivetgfagidgleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqemgvydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaviiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvqlagivanrvdytkgggtnmldqfaeqvgtrllakvpyhelirksrfagktlfamdpnepelaeclapyneiadqilsekpiasvpkpigdreifdivggwq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredqlimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkepelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrly
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3872  coded_by=<1..>572,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3872,definition=NifH
gpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihlnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfatpirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvp
>Eubacterium_hallii_DSM_3353  coded_by=13395..14150,organism=Eubacterium hallii DSM 3353,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvaavfasqglrvmqigcdpkadstvllrhgekvetvldlvrtrkenftleemvkegfagvccveaggpspglgcagrgiiaaleilekkgayekyrpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrrgyadkvfvitsgenmaihaaaniamavenfkdrgyaqlgglilnrrnvknedakveelaedihskvigtlsrsalvtdaeeqkktvieaypdsemaeeyrilagkirtlcei
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
dlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alvdvgskiliagcdpkadstrlilngkaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrglkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqnavmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarrlgtq
>Oscillochloris_trichoides_DG6  coded_by=93345..94157,organism=Oscillochloris trichoides DG6,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
miaiygkggigksttsanlsaamalrgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpltgmlqptvidvldevdfhiedisredvirtgfagvdaleaggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllkefglyhkydvivfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadygiivacndfdsifaanrlslaiaqksqrhkvqmagiianrvdhvhgggtslleqfaetvntrilgkvpyhdlirrsrlagktlfemegpgkdicvqpfyemadqllgepvttiptplndreifdviggwk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._SCAU9  coded_by=<1..>845,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. SCAU9,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
kkhdgkwtiygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmdeledmlisrgspgtede
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdel
>Methanohalobium_evestigatum_Z-7303  coded_by=complement(553270..554151),organism=Methanohalobium evestigatum Z-7303,definition=Nitrogenase
mnnktndnnqkqkrialygkggigksstasnvaaacadegykvmiigcdpksdssitllggkriptildllrdgeglneedvvfegyngvkcvevggpepgigcagrgiivainqlkrisdsmkemdliiydvpgdivcggfvapvrkgmvnesyiitsgeympmyaannicsglskintplngivcnsrdvtnekeiveefaheigsellsfipkeqivqdceregysvmdiapdskiaqvyrelaqkimsktepdsvlpnsmddeqlrelarkqskqetkschnkktirte
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY401  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY401,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivhhael
>Methylomonas_methanica  coded_by=<1..>450,organism=Methylomonas methanica,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqnsimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Methanotorris_igneus_Kol_5  coded_by=1212758..1213624,organism=Methanotorris igneus Kol 5,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mkqiafygkggigksttvcniaaaladegkrvmvvgcdpkhdctsnlrggeeiptvldtlrekgmekmslsdiekridideivykgykgiycieaggpkpgygcagrgvivaidllkkmnvfeelgvdvvlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmglaeqiyivtssdymamyaannicrgmkefakrggsrlggliynvrgsldaedivtefakklgteiigkipnslliaeaeiegktvieyapdseiasiyrelakkiyknkngvipnpleneeimqigkrvkerirslrs
>Sinorhizobium_sp._Rch-9813  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. Rch-9813,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Heterocapsa_triquetra  coded_by=<1..915,organism=Heterocapsa triquetra,definition=chloroplast protochlorophyllide reductase
mqagsedasnciklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyenvwpedviyegyggvncveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanrigasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvqscpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaekepslkyvcdyylniadqilagpegvvpvevpdrelfsllsdfyltpgaatadapaeaqgeevdevsfv
>Fischerella_sp._UTEX_'LB_1931'  coded_by=287..1210,organism=Fischerella sp. UTEX 'LB 1931',definition=nitrogenase reductase
msderirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgkrilivgcdpkadstrlilhckaqttvlhlaaekgavedleleevvingfrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamfaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdrewdliselarristqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyrtlatkiidnefmavptplemdeleelliefgilesdeqvkqltetdkaakesekkqedaegea
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>657,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyraladkihansg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6434  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6434,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laelghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnngg
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Hoeflea_phototrophica_DFL-43  coded_by=936995..938002,organism=Hoeflea phototrophica DFL-43,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtegfggnatdrihdllreeaaiepdqphtgpvkkdtqiiaiygkggigksftlanlscmlaqlgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietssamkaagaeitisdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvvvvgsndlqslyvannvcsavqyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgsgeaaafakavgipvlaaipqdddirkksanyqiighpdnrwgplfqtlainlgiappvlpepldqdglinlfdssdtggdyvlvpalpedmcpasalarpslevvydtv
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Dickeya_dadantii_3937  coded_by=complement(4321869..4322750),organism=Dickeya dadantii 3937,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigyggvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedidfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpkcnqadeyrtlagkivnntkmvvptpvtmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaaladlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaaladlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>595,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Methanococcus_aeolicus_Nankai-3  coded_by=complement(526772..527644),organism=Methanococcus aeolicus Nankai-3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkqiafygkggigksttvcniaaaladegkkvmvigcdpkhdctsnlrggeeiptildtlrekgmeklsledaiegkkiemdeiihkgyngiycieaggpkpgygcagrgvivaidllkkmdiyeelgvdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmglakqiyvvtssdymamyaannicrgmkefakkggsrlggliynvrgsldaydlveemankigteitgkipnsmliaegeiegktvieyapdseissiyrelarkiyendmgaipnpleneeimqigqavkerikkmkn
>Chlorobium_limicola_DSM_245  coded_by=complement(983306..984403),organism=Chlorobium limicola DSM 245,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
maartiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfalmnkkvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggislptvtdvfaernalnqqvgisdivfrrdiagfpqpiygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdvleklgifkwdidiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilvtsndrqsiftannicqannyfktvggesrllglivnrddgsgmaekyaeaagitvlmkvpyntearnrddsfdfavrlpeirdkfnrlasdilenritpcdatgldfeqfirlfgdvsnddplpatedelfgrytepvqeekkpsgedkrmmtcidrlppeerkiyrmseiehrpaseiadmmnadeaavrallssaqkklkklffel
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslavaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Rhodovulum_strictum  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Rhodovulum strictum,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqrilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmal
>Mesorhizobium_tarimense  coded_by=<1..>746,organism=Mesorhizobium tarimense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_gobiense  coded_by=<1..>746,organism=Mesorhizobium gobiense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedvmkigyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakelgtqlihfvp
>Geoalkalibacter_ferrihydriticus  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Geoalkalibacter ferrihydriticus,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkcgigkstttqntvaglaalgqkvliigcdpkadstrlilhakaqatvmdkvrelgtvedlelddvlkvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfceeegaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivvsgemma
>Fulvimarina_pelagi_HTCC2506  coded_by=complement(118685..119596),organism=Fulvimarina pelagi HTCC2506,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msslkttlplpktvyrredgegsvqvkmntgpkidgakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklghrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlqptvidiletvdfhaeelrpedfvfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralvvtandfdsifamnrivaaiqakaknydvrlggvianrsagtdeidrfaahtglnrlahfpdldairrsrlkkstlfemepspeleavqneylrlaaalyagtepneaksmkdreifdflgfe
>Burkholderia_tuberum_STM678  coded_by=<1..863,organism=Burkholderia tuberum STM678,definition=NifH protein
alygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrigglvcnerqtdkelelaealakmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapeskqaeeyrqlatkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimtsidesqvgkpaaelta
>Methanosaeta_harundinacea_6Ac  coded_by=complement(55952..56746),organism=Methanosaeta harundinacea 6Ac,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
msqvkhvaiygkggigksctasnvaaacaekglrvlmvgcdpksdstitlvgrriptmmdliraggeiaeedvvfegyggvrcievggpepgvgcagrgiivaieflrkvskvldeidltlydvpgdivcggfsapirkglvteayiitsgeympiyaannicrglrrlntplagvicnsreaagereivekfarelgsemvafipkdpivqrcerrgvsviegapdseiaqvyrrlaehvagdskprhpspidddklrelsli
>Methanosarcina_barkeri  coded_by=62..889,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri,definition=nitrogenase Mo-Fe protein
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgkkifihgcdpkadctrlvlggvaqttimdtlrelgedavtaenvintgfdgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeemgaysedldfihfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrrvdnelemmeefasalgtqllyfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydptcnqaleykelakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmveryglmd
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_CM1  coded_by=complement(1346023..1346850),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri CM1,definition=V-nitrogenase iron protein subunit VnfH
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgkkifihgcdpkadctrlvlggvaqttimdtlrelgedavtaenvintgfdgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeemgaysedldfihfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrrvdnelemmeefasalgtqllyfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydptcnqaleykelakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmveryglmd
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_227  coded_by=complement(1351071..1351898),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri 227,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) reductase and maturation protein AnfH
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgkkifihgcdpkadctrlvlggvaqttimdtlrelgedavtaenvintgfdgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeemgaysedldfihfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrrvdnelemmeefasalgtqllyfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydptcnqaleykelakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmveryglmd
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_MS  coded_by=1783444..1784271,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri MS,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) reductase and maturation protein AnfH
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgkkifihgcdpkadctrlvlggvaqttimdtlrelgedavtaenvintgfdgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeemgaysedldfihfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrrvdnelemmeefasalgtqllyfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydptcnqaleykelakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmveryglmd
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=complement(2807997..2808866),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
manklkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagykvmqfgadpkadstntlrggayipsvldllaerrrvdayeaifqgfggiycveaggpqpgvgcagrgiitavellkqqrvfeeldldyviydvlgdvvcggfavpvregiaehvftvsssdfmavyaannlfrgierfsnsggallggiiansintdfqrdviddfaartvtpivqyvprsltvtqaelsgrttieaapqsaqadiyrqlarriaehteskvptpldpqqlrewssswadrlvaaeqaerdrava
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyanssgvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayeninyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggka
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Coprococcus_catus_GD/7  coded_by=2700013..2700789,organism=Coprococcus catus GD/7,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mlkvavygkggigkstitsnlaaafaamgkkviqigcdpkadstinllggeplrpvmnfmreedeeperlediskegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlklfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarifgivlnhrnvenetekvqafaekshipivgeiprsdeiiryedqgktviegdrdseisqrffdlanllledeakqaqdge
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgrkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqnsilslaaekgtvedleledvmkigyrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayenldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Frankia_alni_ACN14a  coded_by=complement(7420646..7421641),organism=Frankia alni ACN14a,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein (Nitrogenase component II) (Nitrogenase Fe protein) (Nitrogenase reductase, Dinitrogenase reductase)
mptsrstdrrhvrqpagraarparpawpspgdrapgnrpkeehrmrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpknsqadeyrqlankivnndmktiptpitmdeleellidfgimaqedesvigkaaava
>Polaromonas_naphthalenivorans_CJ2  coded_by=complement(2476797..2477687),organism=Polaromonas naphthalenivorans CJ2,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyeladalsgmlgtklihfiprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqageyrtlaskihnnagngtiptpitmdqledmlmefgimeaidesevgkaaaaaaalaa
>Ruminococcus_obeum_A2-162  coded_by=1677590..1678357,organism=Ruminococcus obeum A2-162,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvaaalaekgmtvmqigcdpkadstiqlrhgremhtvldlynekkqnlkledmtmigyqgvicveaggptpglgcagrgiitaleklketgayeiyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkvfiitsgenmaihaganiamavqnfknrgyaslggiilnrrnvkreeakvqeladdfettvvgkltrselvtdaeeqgktlmecypdsemaeeyrtltenilkicredglc
>Abies_kawakamii  coded_by=<1..>645,organism=Abies kawakamii,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL subunit
dpkrdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdavcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyvearpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegiv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>496,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgvlkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtqliy
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=complement(<1..>751),organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalaemgkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaedidvsdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlifvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadrnlatkvnnggxgjiptpismdeledml
>Methanosarcina_mazei_Go1  coded_by=complement(639362..640159),organism=Methanosarcina mazei Go1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 2
mkkqkiiaiygkggigksstasnvaaacaeegkkvmiigcdpksdssitllrgrriptildllregvdvkekdivfegyagvkcveaggpepgigcagrgiivaiqklksvtgdllkeqdliiydvpgdivcggfvapvrkgfvneayvltsgeymplyaannickglskigmplsgvicnsrnasreeeivrkfseeigsqlmafipkrqavqdweregysvmekapdsdiaevyrqlgkailenekkvmadhlgderlremtk
>Synechococcus_sp._JA-3-3Ab  coded_by=2391460..2392311,organism=Synechococcus sp. JA-3-3Ab,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
meeravklavygkggigksttscnlsvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtleakgyhyediypedviyrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycvivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekaktrklrlaglignrtskrdlidqyvsavpmpvlevlplvedirisrvkgktlfemaetdpslepvcqyylniadellarpegivprpaedrelfallsdfyktpvrepalv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgviisinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Frankia_sp._CeSI5  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. CeSI5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprdnvvqhae
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=complement(38589..39461),organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhknnkenllgftti
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=complement(38588..39460),organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhknnkenllgftti
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=complement(38568..39440),organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhknnkenllgftti
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=636..1508,organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhknnkenllgftti
>Cryptomeria_fortunei  coded_by=638..1510,organism=Cryptomeria fortunei,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhknnkenllgftti
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>758),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
takggigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengandvdvsdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeiivmsgemmalaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnertdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitmdeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6179  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6179,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayeerdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgteliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlagrihkngg
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttshktlaalvemgqkilivgwepnadstrlilktklqvtalhhaaqagsvedlelddvlkvgykgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcagfalpirennaqeifivmsgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnmvaalaemgkrvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegdevnlddirrvgfgdsyctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaykddenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkfaqaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremitelarqlgtqlihfvp
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.5  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaeisrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Selenomonas_ruminantium_subsp._lactilytica_TAM6421  coded_by=complement(2947056..2947913),organism=Selenomonas ruminantium subsp. lactilytica TAM6421,definition=putative nitrogenase beta chain
makeglrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltagltelgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlrdegedveldsilktgfggtrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllerlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmslyaanniakgisryakkggvrlggiicnsrnvdreiellkafaeelgtqlihfvprdnivqhaeihketviqykpqahqadeyrelakkiedneqfviptpmtqdrleeilleyglmdnveddyri
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..798,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase reductase NifH
gkggigkstttqnltatladmgsrimqigcdpkadstrmlmggvrqptvldtlrevgaenveldeilhdgfggikcveaggpepgvgcagrgvitaiklletlgaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregyakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgivkfaeegeirlggiicnsrnvenelalmeafserigshlvhfvprdnivqqaeirkktvieydptcnqadeyrtlarsilkndkfvipepitmdelegmmtefgvv
>Sulfurospirillum_barnesii_SES-3  coded_by=1008842..1009753,organism=Sulfurospirillum barnesii SES-3,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mselrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamahyfgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqctimqlasevgtvedleledvckpgaaefhpddttitegyimctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydealdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantggvrlaglicnarmtdreydlakhlaeqigtqlihfvprsnhvqraelrrmtvvefadksdqafeykelarkiiandlkvipkplemddleallmefgleeeveadaigkkata
>Desulfobulbus_propionicus_DSM_2032  coded_by=3518933..3519760,organism=Desulfobulbus propionicus DSM 2032,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedvelddirkkgyggtwcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydegegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkfaqsgnvrlgglicnsravdneremieelakkigtqmiyfvprdndvqraeinrqtviewnpqvkqadayrglakaidenqmfvipkplaieeleqllldyglmea
>Selaginella_uncinata  coded_by=complement(<110837..>111712),organism=Selaginella uncinata,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit ChlL
tktavhgkggigksttsrntpiaparrgrrvsqigcdpkhdstptltgpltptiidtlrskdyhyedarpedathegyggvgcaeaggppagagcggyavgetakspkesnalheydiipsdvlgdaacgglasppnyadhriaitdngfdalpatnrttasvrekarthpprsaglvgnrtsrrdpidkhveacptpvleappptehvrvsrvkgktssetvesqphpnhvcdshpdtadqalsqpegiapkevsdresssspsdshsdptrsqgggndqenlldpartir
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleledvmkigykgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii_USDA_76  coded_by=<1..>783,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii USDA 76,definition=dinitrogen reductase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdel
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB5  coded_by=complement(4166796..4167734),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB5,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniltdplklktsgcadanaskcaegdgegsvqvqldpnvkigsakvfsiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrliptvidvleevnfhseelrpedfvfegyngvmcleaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhseramivaandfdsifaanriaaaiaaksknygvrlggiianrskdtdqidkfgertgirriahlpdldvirksrlkkmtlfemdhtdeilavqqeylrlatemweakeppiegkplkdrdifdllgfd
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttiqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsvgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrntdredeliialaerlgtqlihfvp
>Synechococcus_sp._BL107  coded_by=complement(24213..25103),organism=Synechococcus sp. BL107,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttlsrptdgegsvqvqqdpsmkieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthsmvptvidileevdfhseelrpddfvftgyngvkcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeaveavrneylrlaqnmldkvepleavslkdreifdllgfd
>Rhodobacter_blasticus  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=Rhodobacter blasticus,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmai
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprd
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprd
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=NifH
aaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprd
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=NifH
aaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprd
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=NifH
aaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprd
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=NifH
aaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprd
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=NifH
aaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprd
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=NifH
aaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprd
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83923  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83923,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklstfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpisme
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgyadikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaa
>Azospirillum_lipoferum  coded_by=complement(<1..480),organism=Azospirillum lipoferum,definition=nitrogenase subunit NifH
makaplrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyqgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Frankia_sp._Cg70.1  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. Cg70.1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprdnvvqhae
>Sequoia_sempervirens  coded_by=<1..>711,organism=Sequoia sempervirens,definition=FrxC
cnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyxdiwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadxcvixtdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlxnkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdavcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY381  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY381,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkefelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdylvqhael
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>568,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
vmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._PTK47  coded_by=<1..>647,organism=Burkholderia sp. PTK47,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvi
>Burkholderia_mimosarum  coded_by=<1..>647,organism=Burkholderia mimosarum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvi
>Clostridium_sp._BNL1100  coded_by=2068689..2069567,organism=Clostridium sp. BNL1100,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalsaagykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggnyiptvldtlrekntvkahevifegfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavqlfkqqnifeeldldfviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvssadfmavyaannlfkgihkysnsggallggviansinapyakdiiddfakqthtqvveyvprsvtvtqselqgkttieaapdsqqakiykalaakiagheeskvpspldvkelrnwaarwgdyllaletgeirtvaagnl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleigdvmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsyvvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrntdredeliialaerlgtqlihfvp
>Anaeroglobus_geminatus_F0357  coded_by=11286..11798,organism=Anaeroglobus geminatus F0357,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 1 domain protein
metggptpvhrcagrgiiatfdlieelevfetlspdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsapirdgyaedicivtsgekmslyaadnickavanfrsrgygtvkgiilnrrnvedeyervkafavernlpiladiprskdiqtcedkgmtvieglpdseisriyrelaqrllqdeaee
>Mesorhizobium_silamurunense  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Mesorhizobium silamurunense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstplilnskaedtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampipegkaqeiyfvlsgemmalfaanniakgilkyahsgglrlgglicnepqtdreldlaealasrlntklmhfvprdnivqhaqlrkmsliqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeel
>Burkholderia_tropica  coded_by=<1..837,organism=Burkholderia tropica,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gksttsqntlaaltelgqkipivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Methanobacterium_lacus  coded_by=complement(1184425..1185306),organism=Methanobacterium lacus,definition=Nitrogenase
mskrkqiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsdlgysvmqigcdpkndstttlrkgkpiptvmdtvrsgsnkldnlifegyngvhcveaggpepgvgcagrgiiaaielldnngiiddidpdiviydvlgdvvcggfaipirqgiaeqvytvtssdymaiyavnnlfkgilkysgsggallggiignsiskisqkemitdfsektetnviefvprsstvtkceldgvttiegapnseqaevyrqlarnvinnkdsyipkpfeaqdladwaaswinnllkeekieqngirsgsgegi
>Paenibacillus_terrae_HPL-003  coded_by=2821548..2822414,organism=Paenibacillus terrae HPL-003,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkfkqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaergtvedleledvvqkgfgdilnvecggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayegldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyansggvrlgglicnsrntdreaelitelarrlntqmihflprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpgheqaaeyeelagkilnndkltvptpitmeeledllmefgiiedeetainkaeasgq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgth
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=complement(4433..5386),organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvplngpassaspaiketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdtasllfggrscptilstssekkrageavtigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleslgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsavdyftglggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeakafaeavgipilatipaheeirrksanyeivgrpgdawgplfeelatnvglappvkpkplaheallnlfkgdevgrhvtlepatpadmcnasaivkpslevvyddv
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=complement(2186306..2187259),organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvplngpassaspaiketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdtasllfggrscptilstssekkrageavtigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleslgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsavdyftglggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeakafaeavgipilatipaheeirrksanyeivgrpgdawgplfeelatnvglappvkpkplaheallnlfkgdevgrhvtlepatpadmcnasaivkpslevvyddv
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_AM1  coded_by=complement(5426550..5427443),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens AM1,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mniairnpvpvrreegslqvgldpndrietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstytltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelraedfvvegyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihtksknygvrlggvianrsagtdeidrfnaavglrrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemeptpelkavtdeymqlaetlwagadpceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrimivgcdhkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>484,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeli
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33036A  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33036A,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rerlqlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdeldditi
>Mesorhizobium_sp._BR3804  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. BR3804,definition=Mesorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain BR3804
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Chlorobium_luteolum_DSM_273  coded_by=1605057..1606157,organism=Chlorobium luteolum DSM 273,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
maartlaiygkggigksftttnlaatfslmgkrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggislptvtevfteknarneeleisdivfrrdipdfpqpiygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdlleklglfkwdldiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilvtsndrqsiftannicrannyfrtiggrsrllgliinrddqsgmaekyaaaaginvllkvpynmeardrddsfdfairipeirssfekladdiihgritpsegaglefhdfvnlfgevstslplaatagelfgssleptgnnaaagtgdearmekcidqleenlqavwrmheeegretdaiaealhcsepeagellrkarkelkrlffnt
>Prosthecochloris_aestuarii_DSM_271  coded_by=complement(2223587..2224414),organism=Prosthecochloris aestuarii DSM 271,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslilavygkggigkstttanisaalalqgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpltgtlqktviealdevdfhheelekediietgfagidaleaggppagsgcggyvvgeavkllqelglydqydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaviiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvklagivanrvdyvkgggtnmleqfsekvgtkllarvpyhelirksrfagktmfqmedgpekdeclkpyneiaefllsenpsasvpvpigdrdifeivggwq
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>742,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelegha
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcaergvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitmdeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqnlvaalaeaghkcmiigcdpkadstrlilnrkmqntvmdmarekgtvedldleevlltgfknikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygddtefvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii  coded_by=complement(9950..10843),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmleellvkevqaglap
>Caldicellulosiruptor_kronotskyensis_2002  coded_by=complement(2318450..2319271),organism=Caldicellulosiruptor kronotskyensis 2002,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalatlgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilgvksqvtvmdtvrevgesnvkldkvmftgfggvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleelgaftddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaneiyivasgemmalyaannicrgilkfaetsgvrlggiicnsrrvenekelleafckrlgtqlikfiprdnivqkaeinrktvieydpgsnqakeyldlakriiendmfvipkpmpmdeleklieeyglad
>Dialister_succinatiphilus_YIT_11850  coded_by=41496..42314,organism=Dialister succinatiphilus YIT 11850,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiafygkggigksttasnvsaalslmgkrvcqigcdpkndstrlllghicqstvldilrtrdtgdirqediihtgfngitcveaggpepgvgcagrgiivalelldrmkalpesdvilydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaeeiyivssgelmslyaanniakgiarfasrgkvrlagiignsrnvpgekelllafaerlhthlaafiprdktvnlaenhrqtvlqyapdspqaevyrklagtilsakegtipkpmsfdemeemvarygsed
>Burkholderia_xenovorans_LB400  coded_by=complement(1762951..1763832),organism=Burkholderia xenovorans LB400,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapeskqaeeyrqlatkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelta
>Burkholderia_xenovorans_LB400  coded_by=2630870..2631751,organism=Burkholderia xenovorans LB400,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapeskqaeeyrqlatkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelta
>Burkholderia_tropica  coded_by=<1..856,organism=Burkholderia tropica,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgpkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdmilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Roseiflexus_castenholzii_DSM_13941  coded_by=1962720..1963541,organism=Roseiflexus castenholzii DSM 13941,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msltlaiygkggigksttssnlsaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfaltgmlqptvidvltevdfhheevsvedvvhtgfagvdtlesggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllhefglydkydvivfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadygviiacndfdsifaanrlclaikqksaryrvelagiianrvdyelgggttlleqfaetvgtqiigrvpyhdlirrsrlmgktlfemegpgkeecttpflemaeyllnrprstvpkpmgdreifnviggwr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntiaglaelgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevllngykdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntiaglaelgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevllngykdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevtkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhskaqttvmhlaaeagsvedleledvmsigfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansgsvrlaglicnsrntdcedelimalaarlgtt
>Bradyrhizobium_denitrificans  coded_by=<1..>732,organism=Bradyrhizobium denitrificans,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ralaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanhyrnlatkihgnagkgiiptpitmeeledm
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>546),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargikyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaalsdlghkilivgecepkadstrlilhakpqdtfvsvaakagsveeleledvikmgykircvesggpepgvgcggrgvittinlledngaydgveyvsndvlgdvvcggfaipirekkaqemyivmsgdmmamyaanni
>Methanococcus_vannielii_SB  coded_by=complement(1166538..1167416),organism=Methanococcus vannielii SB,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkqiafygkggigksttvcnlaaalsksgkkvivvgcdpkhdctsnlrggieiptvldilrekgidtlgidtiihenllkkedilykgfngiycveaggpkpgygcagrgvivvidllkkmnvfkdlgvdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmgladqvyvvtssdymalyaannicngmsqfavrggsnlggiiynvrgsmdafdivdefakhlngkiigkvpnssiineaeidgktaieyspdseisniyielskkiyennsgtvpkpleniqimqigkmikerlkkerile
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._TSA26  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. TSA26,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyape
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvtgawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelivelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvtgawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelivelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvtgawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelivelarrly
>Fischerella_sp._JSC-11  coded_by=complement(121228..122115),organism=Fischerella sp. JSC-11,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2703923..2704801,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=iron-sulfur cluster-binding ATPase, NifH/FrxC family
msqkkvktiaiygkggigkstttsnitaalstlglkvmqigcdpksdstttlrgggyiptildtlrdkksvksneiifdgfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitsvellkqlrvfdeldldvvvydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiadhvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgiqkysnnggallggviansvntgyakeiiddfvtqtktqvieyvprsvtvtqselqgkttieafpeseqakvyrglaqkiydhteskvptplndkelhewafkwadtllametgevrskaani
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglxaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihans
>Pinus_sabiniana  coded_by=<93024..93895,organism=Pinus sabiniana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
ixxxgkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Desulfovibrio_sp._A2  coded_by=144361..145191,organism=Desulfovibrio sp. A2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaealgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlrdegedvelddirkpgysttlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeedqkldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaesgtvrlgglicnsrnvdnekemieelarkigtqmiyfvprdnqvqraeihrqtviefspehgqaqhyrnlakaidenkmfvvpkplqiaelekllmdyglfea
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_S1  coded_by=3758..4762,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus S1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase X subunit
msqttspvilmrderlkneaaiepdavstapvtkttqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkatptiietsakkklageavqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaahagipvlaaipaneeirrksaaydivarpgttwgplfeqlatnvaeappmrpkplsqdellglfssestgrdvvlepatvqdmlgkdeivrptlevvydaa
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=13111..14115,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=chlorophillide reductase subunit
msqttspvilmrderlkneaaiepdavstapvtkttqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkatptiietsakkklageavqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaahagipvlaaipaneeirrksaaydivarpgttwgplfeqlatnvaeappmrpkplsqdellglfssestgrdvvlepatvqdmlgkdeivrptlevvydaa
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=complement(3597760..3598764),organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit X BchX
msqttspvilmrderlkneaaiepdavstapvtkttqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkatptiietsakkklageavqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaahagipvlaaipaneeirrksaaydivarpgttwgplfeqlatnvaeappmrpkplsqdellglfssestgrdvvlepatvqdmlgkdeivrptlevvydaa
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>592,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>699,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Angiopteris_evecta  coded_by=complement(131903..132775),organism=Angiopteris evecta,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkslkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekahthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesqptlnyvcefylniadqilsqpegvvpkeipdrelfsllsdfylnpinsgkneniennlhdfmii
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttthkftsglaelgknamvvgfepkaestrllllgglaqktaldtlreegeevadtimktgfakikcvesggpepgvgcagrafiaeytsinmleqlgedadyvfydvfgdvvcgafampiregkakdiyivargeimamyaanni
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=75123..75872,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvaaamacmglrvmqigcdpkadstrnltggqsiptvldvlrqkgdamlsdflvegacgvfcveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitafeklaelnafehykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaaanithavksfgkrgyatlrglilnaknidneeslvaqaasemdtqilyhlprdplvqqaeaqgktvteafsaspmavhyqtlaallledsr
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=3895231..3895980,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=Nitrogenase
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvaaamacmglrvmqigcdpkadstrnltggqsiptvldvlrqkgdamlsdflvegacgvfcveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitafeklaelnafehykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaaanithavksfgkrgyatlrglilnaknidneeslvaqaasemdtqilyhlprdplvqqaeaqgktvteafsaspmavhyqtlaallledsr
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=complement(<1..>728),organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
svqsgigksttsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdqadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgasnfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkg
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_B6  coded_by=180604..181431,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus B6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffheknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqqtvmdtlriegaervtvdkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaysedldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekefleeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpeanqaqeyrelgrkiienedfvipkplamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW1  coded_by=complement(118344..119171),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffheknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqqtvmdtlriegaervtvdkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaysedldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekefleeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpeanqaqeyrelgrkiienedfvipkplamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW2  coded_by=complement(158811..159638),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffheknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqqtvmdtlriegaervtvdkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaysedldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekefleeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpeanqaqeyrelgrkiienedfvipkplamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_R121  coded_by=18203..19030,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus R121,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffheknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqqtvmdtlriegaervtvdkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaysedldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekefleeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpeanqaqeyrelgrkiienedfvipkplamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_DE442  coded_by=18203..19030,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus DE442,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffheknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqqtvmdtlriegaervtvdkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaysedldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekefleeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpeanqaqeyrelgrkiienedfvipkplamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_Y262  coded_by=18203..19030,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus Y262,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffheknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqqtvmdtlriegaervtvdkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaysedldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekefleeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpeanqaqeyrelgrkiienedfvipkplamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=198..1025,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=alternative nitrogenase
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffheknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqqtvmdtlriegaervtvdkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaysedldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekefleeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpeanqaqeyrelgrkiienedfvipkplamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=626073..626900,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffheknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqqtvmdtlriegaervtvdkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaysedldflffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglakyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekefleeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvtefqpeanqaqeyrelgrkiienedfvipkplamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>729,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlvalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CMSS27  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CMSS27,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrrilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihans
>Cedrus_deodara  coded_by=89997..90872,organism=Cedrus deodara,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqeillgftri
>Leptolyngbya_boryana_IAM_M-101  coded_by=802..1692,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana IAM M-101,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
msdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntiaalaemgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgyrdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaqrlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsaqaqeyatlarkikdntnltiptpismdeledllvefgllggdeeyekaikqdlakrga
>Methanosphaera_stadtmanae_DSM_3091  coded_by=complement(1290217..1291005),organism=Methanosphaera stadtmanae DSM 3091,definition=NifH
mvlkkiaiygkggigksttvsnmaaaydnstfvigcdpkadttrtlvgkriptildtmrdntqpeledivyegynntlcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamnlldkigafdndpdlviydvlgdvvcggfsvplredyadevyivtsgeymslyaanniakgikklngklggiicncrnvknevevvtefaslisskimgiiprcelvqtseykastvvetfpdssqskiyselinnimnnqefstptpmgieefeeffysyv
>Thiocapsa_roseopersicina  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Thiocapsa roseopersicina,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgqmma
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlhlaakagsvedleledvmklgykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyagsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaeslakklntqlihfvp
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RSB2  coded_by=<1..>726,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RSB2,definition=NifH
ksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiip
>Heliobacillus_mobilis  coded_by=1..>663,organism=Heliobacillus mobilis,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
miiavygkggvgkstttsnlavaiakegkrvlqigcdpksdstftiagkmiptvveildkfnyhyesiepgdliftgyggvdvvetggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllekmdvmarydvilfdvlgdvvcggfatplqyadlacvvssndfdalfaanricesvveknmsgydvkmagvignrcdqvdlletftrrietplmgvvpperrdspvprkrvhli
>Frankia_sp._NRRLB-16467  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. NRRLB-16467,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrl
>Frankia_sp._NRRLB-16466  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. NRRLB-16466,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrl
>Frankia_sp._NRRLB-16406  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. NRRLB-16406,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrl
>Frankia_sp._CpI1  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. CpI1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrl
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntfaclaqmghnilivgcdpnadstrlilhskaqdtivsfaaaagsvedfekedvmkvgyldircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleekgayedvdyvsydvlgdvvwggfamairenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp52  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp52,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp60  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp60,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp57  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp57,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=complement(3996609..3997490),organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaamdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaealaeklgtkliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdcaqaehyrtlatkihankgngviptpitmdeledllmahgimkavdesqvgktaaelta
>Desulfurivibrio_alkaliphilus_AHT2  coded_by=2860342..2861169,organism=Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus AHT2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvelgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveledirkpgygeswcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkadeiyivvsgemmamyaanniskgitkfaqsgnvrlgglicnsravdneaemieafakklgtkmiyfvprdndvqraeinrktviewkpeanqadayrglakaidenkdfvipspleieeleqllmdygllqa
>Xanthobacter_autotrophicus_Py2  coded_by=complement(137497..138378),organism=Xanthobacter autotrophicus Py2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaenlakklgteliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdseqaqhyrnlatkvhankgngiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesqvgktaaelta
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdel
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtvptpitmdeledml
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>Coprococcus_comes_CAG:19  coded_by=18694..19461,organism=Coprococcus comes CAG:19,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiavygkggigksttvsnlavalaekgykvmqigcdpkadstiqlrhgkeiptvlemfqqkkqnlkledmvtvgyagvvcveaggptpglgcagrgiitalekleetgayetyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadqvfiitsgenmaihaganiamavenfrnrgyaslggiilnkrevpreeekvrelagdfhtqiigqldrselvmeaeeagkvlleyapdsqmaeeyrkladqilavcgeerpc
>Coprococcus_comes_ATCC_27758  coded_by=complement(46824..47591),organism=Coprococcus comes ATCC 27758,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkiavygkggigksttvsnlavalaekgykvmqigcdpkadstiqlrhgkeiptvlemfqqkkqnlkledmvtvgyagvvcveaggptpglgcagrgiitalekleetgayetyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadqvfiitsgenmaihaganiamavenfrnrgyaslggiilnkrevpreeekvrelagdfhtqiigqldrselvmeaeeagkvlleyapdsqmaeeyrkladqilavcgeerpc
>Coprococcus_comes  coded_by=10124..10891,organism=Coprococcus comes,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mkkiavygkggigksttvsnlavalaekgykvmqigcdpkadstiqlrhgkeiptvlemfqqkkqnlkledmvtvgyagvvcveaggptpglgcagrgiitalekleetgayetyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadqvfiitsgenmaihaganiamavenfrnrgyaslggiilnkrevpreeekvrelagdfhtqiigqldrselvmeaeeagkvlleyapdsqmaeeyrkladqilavcgeerpc
>Coprococcus_comes  coded_by=45401..46168,organism=Coprococcus comes,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mkkiavygkggigksttvsnlavalaekgykvmqigcdpkadstiqlrhgkeiptvlemfqqkkqnlkledmvtvgyagvvcveaggptpglgcagrgiitalekleetgayetyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadqvfiitsgenmaihaganiamavenfrnrgyaslggiilnkrevpreeekvrelagdfhtqiigqldrselvmeaeeagkvlleyapdsqmaeeyrkladqilavcgeerpc
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvg10  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvg10,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlaa
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>555,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH protein
cvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>692,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Roseobacter_litoralis_Och_149  coded_by=82840..83739,organism=Roseobacter litoralis Och 149,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mspldrtppslrgqdgegsvqvhqddtakiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafsmlgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgtlvptvidilkevdfhpeelraedfvfdgfngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhmledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknykvrlagcvanrskdtdevdrycktvgfnriahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfempddeeivqvrkeyirlaetlwngteplapaplpdreifellgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_65884  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 65884,definition=nitrogenase reductase
elgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvtgawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelivelarrln
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._IRBG_230  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. IRBG 230,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Clostridium_autoethanogenum_DSM_10061  coded_by=complement(401161..401922),organism=Clostridium autoethanogenum DSM 10061,definition=Nitrogenase
mlkiavygkggigkstitsnlsaafaklgkkviqigcdpkadsnsnllggktlmpvmnymrefdadpekiediskvgfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiittfnlledlnlfeeykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaanninsavknfadrgyakvfgivfnhrnieneekkvkdfaskehlpivgdiprdnninhfeemgktviegdpnlpiskcffnlatllikseemk
>Clostridium_ljungdahlii_DSM_13528  coded_by=complement(2535844..2536605),organism=Clostridium ljungdahlii DSM 13528,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiavygkggigkstitsnlsaafaklgkkviqigcdpkadsnsnllggktlmpvmnymrefdadpekiediskvgfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiittfnlledlnlfeeykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaanninsavknfadrgyakvfgivfnhrnieneekkvkdfaskehlpivgdiprdnninhfeemgktviegdpnlpiskcffnlatllikseemk
>Methanothermococcus_thermolithotrophicus  coded_by=539..1417,organism=Methanothermococcus thermolithotrophicus,definition=Methanobacterium thermolithotropicus ORF nifH (homolog.)
mkqiafygkggigksttvcniaaaladqgkkvmvvgcdpkhdctsnlrggqeiptvldilrekgldklgletiiekemieindiiyegyngiycveaggpkpgygcagrgvivvidllkkmnlykdlkldivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmglaeqiyvvtssdymaiyaannicrgisefvkrggsklggliynvrgsmdaydiinefadklganivgkvpnshlipeaeiegktvieydpndeisqvyrelakkiyennegtipkplenieimtigkkikerlkkermkn
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsr
>Mesorhizobium_loti_MAFF303099  coded_by=4771737..4772630,organism=Mesorhizobium loti MAFF303099,definition=nitrogenase iron protein; NifH
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaklavaq
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_X1  coded_by=complement(151658..152536),organism=Methanococcus maripaludis X1,definition=nitrogenase reductase-like protein
mkqiafygkggigksttvcnlaaalsksgkkvivvgcdpkhdctsnlrsgediptvldvlrekgidklgietiirenllkkediiyegfngiycveaggpkpgygcagrgvivvidllkkmnvfedldvdvvlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmgladqiyvvtssdymalyaannicsgisqfvkrggstlggiiynvrgsmdafdivsefanqlnaniigkvpnspiineaeidgqtaieyapeeeiskiymelaesiyqnntgttpnplenaqimqigkmikerikkqkite
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Desulfomonile_tiedjei_DSM_6799  coded_by=6313719..6314543,organism=Desulfomonile tiedjei DSM 6799,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaelekkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedvdledvrkegfaetlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaydesenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgitryaqtggvrlgglicnsrnvdnekdmikafaerlgtqmiyflprdnmvqraeinrktvieydptcemaqhyrnlakavnenemfviptpmhtdnlekilleyglln
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>743,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpis
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ragqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=76184..77071,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqaghyrnlatkihgnagkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesqvgktaadlaata
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=complement(5597391..5598278),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqaghyrnlatkihgnagkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesqvgktaadlaata
>Synechococcus_sp._KORDI-49  coded_by=complement(2352264..2353154),organism=Synechococcus sp. KORDI-49,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase
mtttltrpadgegsvqvhqdpsmniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnartglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavrreylrlaqnmlenvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_marine_type-A_Synechococcus_GOM_4P21  coded_by=32605..33495,organism=uncultured marine type-A Synechococcus GOM 4P21,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgegsvqvhqdpsmniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnartglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavrreylrlaqnmlenvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_marine_type-A_Synechococcus_GOM_3M9  coded_by=52954..53844,organism=uncultured marine type-A Synechococcus GOM 3M9,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgegsvqvhqdpsmniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnartglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavrreylrlaqnmlenvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgetmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgetmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleesgayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfvmpirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtt
>Bradyrhizobium_daqingense  coded_by=<1..>692,organism=Bradyrhizobium daqingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Rhodospirillum_centenum_SW  coded_by=2153378..2154409,organism=Rhodospirillum centenum SW,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtavlratetapaakpavealrdrlraeaevepdpvhtepatkktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstrkklageqveigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwgfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaaafaeaagipvlasipanedirrksanyeivarpgaqwgpmfeelarnvadapprrpsplsqdgllglfkgesvgrnvvlepatmedmcgstavskpsleviydnv
>Burkholderia_sp._TJ182  coded_by=<1..>634,organism=Burkholderia sp. TJ182,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfaprdnivqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>579,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlytqmihfiprn
>Treponema_saccharophilum_DSM_2985  coded_by=complement(18080..18931),organism=Treponema saccharophilum DSM 2985,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
makklrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltagllelgkkvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtirdnkteiqlddlqktgfkgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismlenlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiaryaergdvrlggiicnsrnvdreldllraftkelntqliyfvprnnivqqaeirkktvieyapdstqaqvyrdlaqaidentnftiptpitqerleeiliengmmepegnysi
>Rhizobium_sp.  coded_by=473..1363,organism=Rhizobium sp.,definition=nitrogenase
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleleevmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaenlakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsvqanhyrnlaervhnnggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimktvdesqvgktaaelaalsa
>Azorhizobium_caulinodans_ORS_571  coded_by=1001..1891,organism=Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS 571,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleleevmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaenlakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsvqanhyrnlaervhnnggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimktvdesqvgktaaelaalsa
>Azorhizobium_caulinodans_ORS_571  coded_by=complement(1169826..1170716),organism=Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS 571,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 2
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleleevmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaenlakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsvqanhyrnlaervhnnggkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimktvdesqvgktaaelaalsa
>Bradyrhizobium_jicamae  coded_by=<1..>719,organism=Bradyrhizobium jicamae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyasdsqqadhyrnlatrihnnggkgiiptpismeel
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35272  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 35272,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgmlkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvlkyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Pinus_taiwanensis  coded_by=<1..>644,organism=Pinus taiwanensis,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL subunit
dpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpevl
>Methanococcus_maripaludis  coded_by=139..966,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaamahfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilhgkqqvtmmdtlrekgedectpdkvievgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqhgvyeddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkadeiyvvasgemmalyaannickgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgeldllqefcdkigtqlihfvprdnivqkaefqkkavvdyddtcnqaleykelarkiienenlviptpmtmdeleeltskygfld
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_X1  coded_by=916494..917321,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis X1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaamahfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilhgkqqvtmmdtlrekgedectpdkvievgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqhgvyeddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkadeiyvvasgemmalyaannickgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgeldllqefcdkigtqlihfvprdnivqkaefqkkavvdyddtcnqaleykelarkiienenlviptpmtmdeleeltskygfld
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_S2  coded_by=844090..844917,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis S2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein (nitrogenase component II)
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaamahfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilhgkqqvtmmdtlrekgedectpdkvievgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqhgvyeddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkadeiyvvasgemmalyaannickgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgeldllqefcdkigtqlihfvprdnivqkaefqkkavvdyddtcnqaleykelarkiienenlviptpmtmdeleeltskygfld
>Rhizobium_fabae  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=Rhizobium fabae,definition=dinitrogenase reductase protein
itsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptp
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM1283  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM1283,definition=NifH
klilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeelegs
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5335  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5335,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5186  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5186,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxenlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
vdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitmde
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C5  coded_by=1469546..1470487,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C5,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
myyivliklrespifrligdilkqiafygkggigksttvcnlaaalskrgkkvivvgcdpkhdctsnlrsgediptvldvlrekgidklgietiirekllekediiyegfngiycveaggpkpgygcagrgvivvidllkkmkvfeelgvdvvlydvlgdvvcggfamplrigladqiyvvtssdymalyaannicsgisqfvkrggstlggiiynvrgsmdafdivsefanqlnaniigkvpnspiineaeidgqtaieyapeekiseiymelaekiyenntgttpnplenaqimqigkmikerikkqkive
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_356  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 356,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyaxxsvqaxh
>Bacillus_alkalidiazotrophicus  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Bacillus alkalidiazotrophicus,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlvqlsknygqeimivgcdpkadstrlvlntkaqqtvlslaaekgtvedleleevvlkgfsdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlvqlsknygqeimivgcdpkadstrlvlntkaqqtvlslaaekgtvedleleevvlkgfsdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrpgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=NifH protein
laggsggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmeeleeml
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>700,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnng
>cyanobacterium_endosymbiont_of_Rhopalodia_gibba  coded_by=7966..8838,organism=cyanobacterium endosymbiont of Rhopalodia gibba,definition=nitrogen fixation protein H
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalgennrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqttilhlaaergtvedieleevllegykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayenldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnceaelieelarrlgtqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtvieyspdhpqadeyrqlakkienntnlviptpismeeletllvdfgilggeeeyqkaiqadqtapka
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglaemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveledirrtgfsgtvcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayadsehldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>Methanobacterium_lacus  coded_by=complement(1862750..1863577),organism=Methanobacterium lacus,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntasamahfhgkkvmihgcdpkadstrmilrgkmqttmmdtlreegeeacmnldnvmstgfegikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqlkvyddndfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyvvasgemmalyaannlckgmvkyanqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekelleefckkigtqliyfvprdnmvqkaefnkktvvdfdaecnqaheyealagkiinnenfvipkpmsmdeleemvlqygltd
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaalaeagykcmivgcdpkadatrlilnrkaqatvmdmarergtvedleidevllhgfkgvkcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaydaetdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_caraganae  coded_by=<1..789,organism=Mesorhizobium caraganae,definition=NifH
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_354  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 354,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_309  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 309,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_393  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 393,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadh
>Clostridium_bolteae_ATCC_BAA-613  coded_by=complement(109116..109895),organism=Clostridium bolteae ATCC BAA-613,definition=hypothetical protein
mlkiavygkggigkstissnlsvalsergykvmqigcdpkadstiqlhqghtvtsildiirargdkagldelvtegsggvlcaeaggptpgmgcagrgiitafealeernafevykpdvviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyadkvfivtsgenmaiyaaaniaaavksfeargyaslggillnrrgvkreqekveelaedmeteiigsldysplvgeaeelgktvmeaypdsdmagqyrkmadavlaacgeeevkkaya
>[Clostridium]_bolteae_90A5  coded_by=143131..143910,organism=[Clostridium] bolteae 90A5,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiavygkggigkstissnlsvalsergykvmqigcdpkadstiqlhqghtvtsildiirargdkagldelvtegsggvlcaeaggptpgmgcagrgiitafealeernafevykpdvviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyadkvfivtsgenmaiyaaaniaaavksfeargyaslggillnrrgvkreqekveelaedmeteiigsldysplvgeaeelgktvmeaypdsdmagqyrkmadavlaacgeeevkkaya
>[Clostridium]_bolteae_90B7  coded_by=complement(98233..99012),organism=[Clostridium] bolteae 90B7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiavygkggigkstissnlsvalsergykvmqigcdpkadstiqlhqghtvtsildiirargdkagldelvtegsggvlcaeaggptpgmgcagrgiitafealeernafevykpdvviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyadkvfivtsgenmaiyaaaniaaavksfeargyaslggillnrrgvkreqekveelaedmeteiigsldysplvgeaeelgktvmeaypdsdmagqyrkmadavlaacgeeevkkaya
>[Clostridium]_bolteae_90B8  coded_by=complement(135622..136401),organism=[Clostridium] bolteae 90B8,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiavygkggigkstissnlsvalsergykvmqigcdpkadstiqlhqghtvtsildiirargdkagldelvtegsggvlcaeaggptpgmgcagrgiitafealeernafevykpdvviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyadkvfivtsgenmaiyaaaniaaavksfeargyaslggillnrrgvkreqekveelaedmeteiigsldysplvgeaeelgktvmeaypdsdmagqyrkmadavlaacgeeevkkaya
>[Clostridium]_bolteae_WAL-14578  coded_by=complement(101863..102642),organism=[Clostridium] bolteae WAL-14578,definition=hypothetical protein
mlkiavygkggigkstissnlsvalsergykvmqigcdpkadstiqlhqghtvtsildiirargdkagldelvtegsggvlcaeaggptpgmgcagrgiitafealeernafevykpdvviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyadkvfivtsgenmaiyaaaniaaavksfeargyaslggillnrrgvkreqekveelaedmeteiigsldysplvgeaeelgktvmeaypdsdmagqyrkmadavlaacgeeevkkaya
>Methylosinus_trichosporium  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylosinus trichosporium,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaqqgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfmdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH protein
lgggsggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledml
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgaitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Frankia_sp._NRRLB-16322  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. NRRLB-16322,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._ChI7  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. ChI7,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Juniperus_chinensis  coded_by=487..1359,organism=Juniperus chinensis,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Juniperus_rigida  coded_by=633..1505,organism=Juniperus rigida,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Cupressus_sempervirens  coded_by=679..1551,organism=Cupressus sempervirens,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Juniperus_monosperma  coded_by=119145..120017,organism=Juniperus monosperma,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Callitropsis_vietnamensis  coded_by=118873..119745,organism=Callitropsis vietnamensis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Hesperocyparis_glabra  coded_by=118370..119242,organism=Hesperocyparis glabra,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Cupressus_sempervirens  coded_by=120484..121356,organism=Cupressus sempervirens,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Callitropsis_nootkatensis  coded_by=118497..119369,organism=Callitropsis nootkatensis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Juniperus_cedrus  coded_by=118608..119480,organism=Juniperus cedrus,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Cupressus_gigantea  coded_by=119560..120432,organism=Cupressus gigantea,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlglaaeagsvedlelsdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralakkihansgqgtiptpit
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_DSM_266  coded_by=complement(845198..846022),organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides DSM 266,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgmkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikegyrqtrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgaydkewgldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneqamieelarkigtqmihfvprdnfvqraeinrktvidydpthgqadeyralarkihenkmfvipkpleieelesllidfgian
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides  coded_by=complement(27762..28655),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides,definition=BchL
mspkdltiptgadvegsvqvhldeadkitgakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsilgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidvlkdvdfhpeelrpedfvfegfngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadqavvvtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknykvrlagcvanrsratdevdrfcketnfrrlahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfemdedqdvlvvraeyirlaesfwrglypidphrlpdreifellgfd
>Sinorhizobium_terangae  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Sinorhizobium terangae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>Rhizobium_loessense  coded_by=<1..>740,organism=Rhizobium loessense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdeledml
>Mesorhizobium_sp._BA134  coded_by=<1..>615,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. BA134,definition=NifH
kkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskq
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA36t  coded_by=<1..>657,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA36t,definition=nitrogenase reductase
veldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqageyralank
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalaqmghkilivrcdpkadsmrlilqanaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdfrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidnvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkpqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegedvdledilkggfcstqctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydveknldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgavldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Frankia_sp._MgI5  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. MgI5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Frankia_sp._HrI1  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. HrI1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Frankia_sp._EAN1pec  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. EAN1pec,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Frankia_sp._Ea1.12  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. Ea1.12,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.11  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.11,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Desulfotomaculum_kuznetsovii_DSM_6115  coded_by=complement(2189322..2190308),organism=Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii DSM 6115,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msekrvrqvafygkggvgksttssnvaaalaekgyrvmvvgcdpkhdctgnlrrgreiptaldvlrdkgmekntieelisgktikleeivfegyrgiycveaggpkpgygcagrgviivmdllqkigvferlkpdiviydvlgdvvcggfamplrmglaeeiyivtsvdylsiyaannicrgvaelarrggsplggliynvrgtldepdiisnfverigsqiigkvpnshliaeaeiegqtvieyapesetaqlyrelaeriylnekktiprplsaeemlrlgqeikskirerfwqgsglarqglflpcnheecvcspgitggsrrkt
>Leptospirillum_ferrooxidans_C2-3  coded_by=2484376..2485251,organism=Leptospirillum ferrooxidans C2-3,definition=nitrogenase, iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsemgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqntvlslaaeagtvedleiedvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdreyeliealakrlntqlihfvprnnivqhaelrrmtvlefapessqaeeyrqlakkidanagkgtiptpitmddleellmdfgimktvdesligkkvdevaia
>Mesorhizobium_sp._GMSS22  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. GMSS22,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvns
>Mesorhizobium_sp._GMSS1  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. GMSS1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvns
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvns
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvns
>uncultured_marine_bacterium_581  coded_by=complement(3103..4020),organism=uncultured marine bacterium 581,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mnvrnnhipikaidaggkspdgdgsvqvhldpqiqidkakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrviqigcdpkhdstftltkalmptvidvlesvefhseelrpedyvfegyngvqcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddadvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhaeravvvtandfdsifamnriatainakaknygvrlggvianrssatdeidrfneatgmkrlahfpdldvirrsrlkkstifemgdaegldlvqreymnlaerlwngtealpvtpmkdrelfdflgfd
>uncultured_marine_proteobacterium  coded_by=complement(22097..23014),organism=uncultured marine proteobacterium,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mnvrnnhipikaidaggkspdgdgsvqvhldpqiqidkakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrviqigcdpkhdstftltkalmptvidvlesvefhseelrpedyvfegyngvqcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddadvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhaeravvvtandfdsifamnriatainakaknygvrlggvianrssatdeidrfneatgmkrlahfpdldvirrsrlkkstifemgdaegldlvqreymnlaerlwngtealpvtpmkdrelfdflgfd
>marine_gamma_proteobacterium_HTCC2080  coded_by=174518..175435,organism=marine gamma proteobacterium HTCC2080,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mnvrnnhipikaidaggkspdgdgsvqvhldpqiqidkakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrviqigcdpkhdstftltkalmptvidvlesvefhseelrpedyvfegyngvqcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddadvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhaeravvvtandfdsifamnriatainakaknygvrlggvianrssatdeidrfneatgmkrlahfpdldvirrsrlkkstifemgdaegldlvqreymnlaerlwngtealpvtpmkdrelfdflgfd
>Mesorhizobium_sp._SCAU5  coded_by=<1..>785,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. SCAU5,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
aksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmddlddmlisrgppg
>Methylomonas_methanica_MC09  coded_by=1601392..1602276,organism=Methylomonas methanica MC09,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
maklrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqnsimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydenldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrqtaredelimelaaklgthmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieyepqakqaqeyrdlatkiinntnlviptpitmdeleellmefgvmeevdestvgvtaaaeata
>Azospirillum_lipoferum  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=Azospirillum lipoferum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkvgigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Azospirillum_lipoferum  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=Azospirillum lipoferum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkvgigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Rhizobium_sp._CCNWGS0022  coded_by=<1..>550,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCNWGS0022,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeq
>Burkholderia_phymatum  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=Burkholderia phymatum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrr
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptp
>Methanosphaerula_palustris_E1-9c  coded_by=complement(270357..271175),organism=Methanosphaerula palustris E1-9c,definition=Nitrogenase
mkqialygkggigksttsanlsaalaeqglgvlqigcdpkhdstrmlmhgtwiptvldlirerggtnltiddvvytgyrgircveaggpepgigcagrgiiatfqvlekleafsadvvvydvlgdvvcggfampmregyaeeiylvtsgelmslyaannickainrlsqrpkctcrlagvicnaknidreedlvrefaervgsnlvayiprdrivqlaevhkqtvleyapdsaqaatyrtlaevvltnttltipkpleldeledlafkyisi
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11226  coded_by=<1..>742,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11226,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
rlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelggha
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlsglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Desulfovibrio_africanus_str._Walvis_Bay  coded_by=826990..827814,organism=Desulfovibrio africanus str. Walvis Bay,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiavygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgnkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglaqktvldtlreegedvelediiklgyggvmctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaynedknldytfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremieelakslgtqmihfvprdnmvqraeinrktvidfepshpqadeyrtlakkidkndmfvvpkpleieelekllidfgian
>Ruminococcus_albus_SY3  coded_by=complement(482599..483357),organism=Ruminococcus albus SY3,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mikfavygkggigkstiacnisaalaakgltvmqigcdpkadstsllhggdriptvldmtrktggkftlddvvfktpsgvycveaggpvpglgcagrgiinalesleklgayevykpdvvvydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkifvvcsgekmsryaaanicmavenfkgrgyaslggiilnrrgvpdedeaaeelaadfntsvigtldrsediplaeemgkaivasapecetskqlkaiadavyaicgge
>Ruminococcus_albus_7_=_DSM_20455  coded_by=615192..615950,organism=Ruminococcus albus 7 = DSM 20455,definition=Nitrogenase
mikfavygkggigkstiacnisaalaakgltvmqigcdpkadstsllhggdriptvldmtrktggkftlddvvfktpsgvycveaggpvpglgcagrgiinalesleklgayevykpdvvvydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkifvvcsgekmsryaaanicmavenfkgrgyaslggiilnrrgvpdedeaaeelaadfntsvigtldrsediplaeemgkaivasapecetskqlkaiadavyaicgge
>uncultured_marine_type-A_Synechococcus_GOM_3O12  coded_by=25301..26191,organism=uncultured marine type-A Synechococcus GOM 3O12,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgegsvqvhqdpglniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpddfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavrkeylrlaqnmlenvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._9S3  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 9S3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlakkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._1S3  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 1S3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlakkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansg
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansg
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO100  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO100,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeled
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._61A124  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 61A124,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeled
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO86  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO86,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeled
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO84  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO84,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeled
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO81  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO81,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeled
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OM6  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OM6,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeled
>Mesorhizobium_sp._DWO366  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. DWO366,definition=Mesorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain DWO366
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>578,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedieldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>gamma_proteobacterium_HIMB55  coded_by=633570..634475,organism=gamma proteobacterium HIMB55,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mnspnqfipvkdvgrgdgegsvqvhldeqidvakakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrviqigcdpkhdstftltkalmptvidvlesvefhaeelrtedyvhigyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhllddadvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhaeramvvtandfdsifamnriaaaieaksknygvrlggvianrsagtdeidrfneavglkrvahfpdldvirksrlkkstlfelpdspelkavqdeymqlaeglwngaepldvkpmkdrdlfdflgfd
>Burkholderia_rhynchosiae  coded_by=<1..>524,organism=Burkholderia rhynchosiae,definition=NifH
kadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrigglvcnerqtdkelelaeplakmlgsrlihlvprdn
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>680,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatrfitma
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_15778  coded_by=<1..>695,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 15778,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismeel
>Rhizobium_etli  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Rhizobium etli,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihancgqs
>Pinus_yunnanensis  coded_by=92955..93830,organism=Pinus yunnanensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegxxxxxxxdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqnlnaglgemgknimivgcdpkastrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhskaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsagyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrqtdredelimalaaklgtq
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=3903481..3904335,organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskklkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalveagykvmqfgadpkadstntlrggeyipsvldllaerrrvdayeaifqgfggiycveaggpqpgvgcagrgiitavellkqqrvfeeldldyviydvlgdvvcggfavpvregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgiekfstaggallggiiansintdfqreiiddfaahtktpivqyvprsltvtqaelsgrttieaapqseqaeiyrtlarriaehteskvptplgplelrewsakwadrlveqeraaa
>Frankia_symbiont_of_Datisca_glomerata  coded_by=complement(3328287..3329159),organism=Frankia symbiont of Datisca glomerata,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqlafygkggigksttqqntmaalaergnrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqhtviekaaekgsvedleleevllegawnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitfleengayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyspeanqaneyrelarkieendmktiptpismdeleellidfgimeqedesivgqkaastvga
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelivelarrly
>Ensifer_mexicanus  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Ensifer mexicanus,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>Ensifer_mexicanus  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Ensifer mexicanus,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>Ensifer_mexicanus  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Ensifer mexicanus,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>Ensifer_mexicanus  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Ensifer mexicanus,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>Ensifer_mexicanus  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Ensifer mexicanus,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>Ensifer_mexicanus  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Ensifer mexicanus,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>Ensifer_mexicanus  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Ensifer mexicanus,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=<1..778,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tttqnltaalstmdkrilqigcdpkadstrmlvggkrqptvldtlrevgtenvtleevvhtgfggikcveaggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleelgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkareiyivasgemmalyaannickaivrfakqsgirlggiicnsrkvdnelelltafserigsrlvyfvprdnivqraeinkktvieydpesnqadeyrqlaksviendnfviprpleyeeledlmmesgvla
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqklmsglaelgkkivvvgcdpkpdstrlllgrlaqktvldtfreegedvdldmimktgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiissikmleqlgayaeeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivargemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhskaqdtilslaaehgsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqltyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqltyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledml
>Pelodictyon_phaeoclathratiforme_BU-1  coded_by=2036852..2037676,organism=Pelodictyon phaeoclathratiforme BU-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkimvigcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikdgyrntrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgafddewdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadtggvrlgglicnsrnvdnerqmieelakkigtqmihfvprnnfvqraeinrktvieydptheqadeyralaqkindnkmfvipkpleieelealliefgian
>Frankia_sp._EuIK1  coded_by=212..1075,organism=Frankia sp. EuIK1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviklaaekgsvedlelnevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyghsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaevrrmtvieydpqnsqaneyrqlakkidnnemktiptpirmdeleelliefgimeqedesiiakanats
>Rhizobium_vallis  coded_by=complement(<1..>700),organism=Rhizobium vallis,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Rhizobium_sp._FH20  coded_by=<1..>700,organism=Rhizobium sp. FH20,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Rhizobium_huautlense  coded_by=<1..>471,organism=Rhizobium huautlense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpi
>Rhizobium_mesoamericanum_STM3625  coded_by=complement(22219..23112),organism=Rhizobium mesoamericanum STM3625,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeatvaaar
>Rhizobium_mesoamericanum_CCGE_501  coded_by=1..894,organism=Rhizobium mesoamericanum CCGE 501,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeatvaaar
>Alkaliphilus_oremlandii_OhILAs  coded_by=362992..363738,organism=Alkaliphilus oremlandii OhILAs,definition=Nitrogenase
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnlsaalshlgykvmqvgcdpkadstknlmkgafiptvlnvlrdqgddigledivfkgyndvlcveaggptpgigcagrgiitafekleeleafeeyqpdiviydvlgdvvcggfampirnqyanevyivtsgemmsmyaasnisravmqfksrgyaelkglilnaknvenesalvdklceeidtnvfhyiprnplvqeaensgktvieafedsemaqiymdlakkimeg
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Flavonifractor_plautii_ATCC_29863  coded_by=complement(1760..2557),organism=Flavonifractor plautii ATCC 29863,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkricvygkggigkstavsnlaaamaqagkrvavvgcdpkadstrslmgrriptvldqlktgasgeiaftdsrgvrcieaggpepgtgcagrgiivameeirsrgllddrdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsmplreqvadevylvttsdfmalyaannicrgirkyaqsggirlagiihngrssvdndgllqafatelgttvagkipmspligqaelerqtvvdcapdsapaqafralasvlldnrsgcipepmsddglealcrkaapl
>Picea_morrisonicola  coded_by=complement(29393..30268),organism=Picea morrisonicola,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrsaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgfepslnyvcqyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaalgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelesvmkvgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii_CCBAU_05737  coded_by=<1..>713,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii CCBAU 05737,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=3329110..3329937,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalafyhdknifihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqdtvmdtlrtlgaekvtlenvvksgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeanqaytddldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyvvasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefleeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefdpeadqaleykqlgsaiidnkdfvipkpltmdelekmvvkyglmd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sarlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdikcvksggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvlydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarrlgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntiaglaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgyqnvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitamnlleengayedlhfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrelgtvedlelgdvlkvgygdvkcveaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayenadyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrelgtvedlelgdvlkvgygdvkcveaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayenadyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Thiocapsa_marina_5811  coded_by=238362..239360,organism=Thiocapsa marina 5811,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msvpvnspalapgrqstkepvaapsiatpsiketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdtttllfggracptilgtsgekkragdkvsigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpdvgrgcggrgiihgfellegmgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrglggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafakaveipilatipahdeirrksanyeiigrpgdrwgplfeelatnvalappihpkpldqdgllglftgdvvgrhvvleparpedmcsaetfkkpsleviyddv
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Natronobacillus_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Natronobacillus azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Leptosira_terrestris  coded_by=join(107731..107940,109021..109695),organism=Leptosira terrestris,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanrivasvrekarthplrvaglvgnrtdardlidkyvevcpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgqtlfeiaetqtavsyvcdyflniadqllsqpegvvpnelgdrelfsllsdfylnptsnseknanisglepdsldfliv
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_GR64  coded_by=<1..>741,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii GR64,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeel
>Trebouxia_aggregata  coded_by=complement(67..933),organism=Trebouxia aggregata,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgygevdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanrivasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtakrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktlfemaesenslnyvcdfylniadqllsqpegvvakelgdrelfsllsdfylnpqknqnessedvldfmmv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>487,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydalgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlrdgyrgvkcvesggpdpgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=1456741..1457562,organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglgemgknvmivgcdpkadstrlilgglaqksvldtlreegeevelenimktgvfgircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiqkyanaggtrlggiicnsrkvdgekelleafakelgsqliyfvprdnqvqraeinrktvidyspdhpqadvyrglaraidnndmfvipkpmvqdrleeilmehgilda
>uncultured_marine_type-A_Synechococcus_GOM_3O6  coded_by=35690..36580,organism=uncultured marine type-A Synechococcus GOM 3O6,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrptdgegsvqvhqdpglniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfrdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavrneylrlaqnmldkvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_marine_type-A_Synechococcus_4O4  coded_by=27006..27896,organism=uncultured marine type-A Synechococcus 4O4,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrptdgegsvqvhqdpglniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidkfnertglrtmahfrdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavrneylrlaqnmldkvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>Prevotella_bryantii_B14  coded_by=complement(45001..45852),organism=Prevotella bryantii B14,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maelrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvehgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtirdegedisldrimrtgfggtrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlenlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniakgiqryartggvrlggiicnsrnvdreldllrafahelgtqlihfvprnnivqraeinkktvieykpdsdqadeyrqlakaiidndkfviptpmtqerleeilleyglldnadddyri
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=61..882,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=Clostridium pasteurianum nifH5 gene (nifH1-like sequence)
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtviefdptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmeyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(37563..38384),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtviefdptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmeyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(2216284..2217105),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtviefdptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmeyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1208185..1209006,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtviefdptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmeyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=1208185..1209006,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtviefdptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmeyglmdl
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_DSM_525_=_ATCC_6013  coded_by=complement(351112..351933),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum DSM 525 = ATCC 6013,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsglhamgktimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveldsilkegyggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspmvtkaeinkqtviefdptceqaeeyrelarkvdanelfvipkpmtqerleeilmeyglmdl
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>Loktanella_vestfoldensis_SKA53  coded_by=193315..194211,organism=Loktanella vestfoldensis SKA53,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein
msprdeipnlrgqdgegsvqvhqdddtkiegakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgtlvptvidilkevdfhaeelrpedfifegyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksanykvrlagcvanrskatdevdrycatvgfnriahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfempddqdvvmvraeyirlaetlwngtealapaplpdreifellgfd
>Megasphaera_genomosp._type_1_str._28L  coded_by=complement(20909..21661),organism=Megasphaera genomosp. type_1 str. 28L,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mlkiavygkggigkstltsnlsaafaysgkkviqigcdpkadstlnllggvplesvmsymrvhdedpqslaeisrrgyknilcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfalledlglfetycpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaeqvlivtsgekmalyaanniavavqnfadrsyaavrgiilnrrnvpdeekkvkafsaqigvpviadiprcddinhseeqgktvietnpfssisqtflqlatllgkea
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmgmyaan
>Clostridium_pasteurianum  coded_by=61..879,organism=Clostridium pasteurianum,definition=Clostridium pasteurianum nifH2 gene (nifH1-like sequence)
mrqlaiygkggiakstttqnltaglvergnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldsilktgyagircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaksggvrlggiicnsrkvaneyelldafakelgsqlihfvprspsvtkaeinkktvieydptceqaneyrelarkveendmfvipkpmtqerleqilmehglid
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=2040555..2041484,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase protein BchL
mniqsppsaleghlklkslsrcgdgegsvqvqldpklkigtakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidvlesvnfhaeelrpedfvfegyngvmcleaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhsdralivaandfdsifamnrivaaieaksknygvrlggvianrskdtdqidryaeqaglkrvahfpdldvirksrlkkstlfemdetpelkavtdeymrlaaelwagtieplpgkslkdreifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_61071  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 61071,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgmvkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Syntrophomonas_wolfei_subsp._wolfei_str._Goettingen_G311  coded_by=complement(483213..483977),organism=Syntrophomonas wolfei subsp. wolfei str. Goettingen G311,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mkkiaiygkggigkstiasalsasisllgyrvmqigcdpkadstinlthgltvtpvmnylarngicssleaivvegfngiacvetggptpglgcagrgiittfnilddlnayeiykpdfvlydvlgdvvcggfampirhgyadeviivtsgekmslfaanniknaidsfaerkyarlrglilnrrnidgeehivqefareigtkvigdiprdsniqlyeqqnktvvegdpnldisqmimkiaanivndagvsna
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW1  coded_by=complement(214721..215722),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW1,definition=chitin-binding protein
mtdapnlkgfdarlreeaaeeptleipeqpptkktqiiaiygkggsgksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkncptiietatkkklageevkvgdvcfksggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvivigsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafarevgipilaaipadeelrrksaayqivgshatpwgklfeelagnvadapplrprplspdallalfetdeetrvvdlvpatdedlrgsnaapkksleviyddv
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_B6  coded_by=complement(59482..60483),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus B6,definition=chitin-binding protein
mtdapnlkgfdarlreeaaeeptleipeqpptkktqiiaiygkggsgksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkncptiietatkkklageevkvgdvcfksggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvivigsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafarevgipilaaipadeelrrksaayqivgshatpwgklfeelagnvadapplrprplspdallalfetdeetrvvdlvpatdedlrgsnaapkksleviyddv
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW2  coded_by=13630..14631,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW2,definition=chitin-binding protein
mtdapnlkgfdarlreeaaeeptleipeqpptkktqiiaiygkggsgksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkncptiietatkkklageevkvgdvcfksggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvivigsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafarevgipilaaipadeelrrksaayqivgshatpwgklfeelagnvadapplrprplspdallalfetdeetrvvdlvpatdedlrgsnaapkksleviyddv
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_Y262  coded_by=191374..192375,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus Y262,definition=chitin-binding protein
mtdapnlkgfdarlreeaaeeptleipeqpptkktqiiaiygkggsgksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkncptiietatkkklageevkvgdvcfksggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvivigsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafarevgipilaaipadeelrrksaayqivgshatpwgklfeelagnvadapplrprplspdallalfetdeetrvvdlvpatdedlrgsnaapkksleviyddv
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_R121  coded_by=191404..192405,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus R121,definition=chitin-binding protein
mtdapnlkgfdarlreeaaeeptleipeqpptkktqiiaiygkggsgksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkncptiietatkkklageevkvgdvcfksggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvivigsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafarevgipilaaipadeelrrksaayqivgshatpwgklfeelagnvadapplrprplspdallalfetdeetrvvdlvpatdedlrgsnaapkksleviyddv
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_DE442  coded_by=191336..192337,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus DE442,definition=chitin-binding protein
mtdapnlkgfdarlreeaaeeptleipeqpptkktqiiaiygkggsgksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkncptiietatkkklageevkvgdvcfksggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvivigsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafarevgipilaaipadeelrrksaayqivgshatpwgklfeelagnvadapplrprplspdallalfetdeetrvvdlvpatdedlrgsnaapkksleviyddv
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=36868..37869,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=333 aa (35.5 kD) chlorophillide reductase subunit, also known as chlorophyll Fe protein
mtdapnlkgfdarlreeaaeeptleipeqpptkktqiiaiygkggsgksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkncptiietatkkklageevkvgdvcfksggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvivigsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafarevgipilaaipadeelrrksaayqivgshatpwgklfeelagnvadapplrprplspdallalfetdeetrvvdlvpatdedlrgsnaapkksleviyddv
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=758378..759379,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=chlorophyllide reductase, BchX subunit
mtdapnlkgfdarlreeaaeeptleipeqpptkktqiiaiygkggsgksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkncptiietatkkklageevkvgdvcfksggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvivigsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafarevgipilaaipadeelrrksaayqivgshatpwgklfeelagnvadapplrprplspdallalfetdeetrvvdlvpatdedlrgsnaapkksleviyddv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelghrimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaqgsvedleledvlkvgyrnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcaghgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_WS8N  coded_by=complement(1390874..1391875),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides WS8N,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtdapelkafdqrlrdeaaeeptlevpqgepkkktqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqigkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsarkklageevqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvtnnvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeakafaeaadipilatipadedlrrksanyqivgipgtqwgplfeglahavgeappirpkplsqdglldlftpeaigadfklepatdadmrgknaaakksleviydda
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides  coded_by=33762..34763,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit
mtdapelkafdqrlrdeaaeeptlevpqgepkkktqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqigkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsarkklageevqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvtnnvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeakafaeaadipilatipadedlrrksanyqivgipgtqwgplfeglahavgeappirpkplsqdglldlftpeaigadfklepatdadmrgknaaakksleviydda
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17029  coded_by=complement(2018672..2019673),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17029,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtdapelkafdqrlrdeaaeeptlevpqgepkkktqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqigkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsarkklageevqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvtnnvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeakafaeaadipilatipadedlrrksanyqivgipgtqwgplfeglahavgeappirpkplsqdglldlftpeaigadfklepatdadmrgknaaakksleviydda
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_2.4.1  coded_by=complement(1986303..1987304),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides 2.4.1,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase, BchX subunit
mtdapelkafdqrlrdeaaeeptlevpqgepkkktqviaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqigkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsarkklageevqigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvtnnvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeakafaeaadipilatipadedlrrksanyqivgipgtqwgplfeglahavgeappirpkplsqdglldlftpeaigadfklepatdadmrgknaaakksleviydda
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpisme
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>690,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpisme
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>692,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpisme
>Desulfovibrio_fructosovorans_JJ  coded_by=2452..3276,organism=Desulfovibrio fructosovorans JJ,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglaqktvldtlreegedvdiddilkegyggtmctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayeedkhldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyadsggvrlggiicnsrkvdqekemieelckrlgtqmihfmprenqvqraeinrktvidfspehpqadeyralankidnndmfvvpkpisinelekllidfgian
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=complement(<1..>739),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH
takrgigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrg
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>590,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11300  coded_by=<1..>741,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11300,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelrdml
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY587  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY587,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgveyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY346  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY346,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgveyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=complement(<1..>616),organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NifH
ygkggigkstatqnlvaalaeaghkcmiigcdpkadstrlilnrkaqntvmdmarekgtvedleldevllhgfknikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygedtdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvp
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvclgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgtt
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnng
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnng
>Novosphingobium_nitrogenifigens_DSM_19370  coded_by=51085..51960,organism=Novosphingobium nitrogenifigens DSM 19370,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaaladlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeslakklgtqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsrqadeyrtlaqkihnnagrgviptpismdeledllmehgiisavdetqvgktasqlv
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=238..1110,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=A.vinelandii nitrogenase (vnfHDGK) genes, complete cds
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqgtvmemaasagsvedleledvlqigfggvkcvesggpepgvacagrgvitainfleeegaysddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyahsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnvvqhaeirrmtvieydpkagqadeyralarkivdnkllvipnpasmeeleellmefgimevedesvvgkaaaeg
>Chlorokybus_atmophyticus  coded_by=complement(140287..141177),organism=Chlorokybus atmophyticus,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktlfemaesepsldyvcefylniadqllarpegvvpkevpdrelfsllsdfylnpannassieqptdsivqseqepflii
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH5  coded_by=<1..>568,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlaealakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyape
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdgkadstrlilnnkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>Burkholderia_phymatum  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia phymatum,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannipkgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatilgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrvtvieyapdssqagqyralaekihhnggngvvptpitmdqledllmekgimvqvdesqvgktaaelta
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstglilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae_SmR1  coded_by=565..1443,organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae SmR1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegayddtdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelatalaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqageyrtlankihenagngtiptpitmdeledllmqhglmpvvdesmvgksaevaa
>Herbaspirillum_sp._B501  coded_by=655..1533,organism=Herbaspirillum sp. B501,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegayddtdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelatalaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqageyrtlankihenagngtiptpitmdeledllmqhglmpvvdesmvgksaevaa
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae_SmR1  coded_by=complement(3246308..3247186),organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae SmR1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase protein
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegayddtdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelatalaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqageyrtlankihenagngtiptpitmdeledllmqhglmpvvdesmvgksaevaa
>Herbaspirillum_seropedicae  coded_by=complement(3246834..3247712),organism=Herbaspirillum seropedicae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegayddtdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelatalaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqageyrtlankihenagngtiptpitmdeledllmqhglmpvvdesmvgksaevaa
>Rhodobacter_sp._SW2  coded_by=complement(123835..124737),organism=Rhodobacter sp. SW2,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msprddipdlrgldgegsvqvhldegvkiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafsmmgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgrlqatvidilkevdfhaeelrpedyvaegwngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadravivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksgnykvrlagcvanrsretnevdrycekvgfnrlahmpdidairrsrlkkktlfemddeedivvaraeymrladtlwrsvngagssphplpdreifellgfd
>Megasphaera_elsdenii  coded_by=complement(37125..37871),organism=Megasphaera elsdenii,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkfaiygkggigkstttanlsaalsmmgkkvvqvgcdpkadstlnllhgepvmpvmdyyrkytegpdfehigkegfggvfcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfdlmdeqevfqklqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsapirdgyadeifivtsgekmalyaaaniikavenfksrgyaqvkgiilnrrnvddeyelvkafadehglpivadiprskdiqyyenkgmtvvegnpdlavsqiyqdlarkllqa
>Megasphaera_elsdenii_DSM_20460  coded_by=complement(515179..515925),organism=Megasphaera elsdenii DSM 20460,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mrkfaiygkggigkstttanlsaalsmmgkkvvqvgcdpkadstlnllhgepvmpvmdyyrkytegpdfehigkegfggvfcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfdlmdeqevfqklqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsapirdgyadeifivtsgekmalyaaaniikavenfksrgyaqvkgiilnrrnvddeyelvkafadehglpivadiprskdiqyyenkgmtvvegnpdlavsqiyqdlarkllqa
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9211  coded_by=complement(510394..511284),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9211,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttlasrpdgegsvqvkldpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfmfkgfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsadldqiekfnertglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdpeeegvkevqneylslakkmidnvepleveplkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstatelgsvedveledvlredyrgakcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstatelgsvedveledvlredyrgakcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11226  coded_by=<1..825,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11226,definition=NifH
rlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrooxidans  coded_by=241..1137,organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans,definition=T.ferrooxidans nifHDK operon encoding nitrogenase reductase and molybdenum-iron protein alpha and beta subunits, complete cds
mamsdklrqiafygkggigksttsqkhlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydganyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirkqaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgvlkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealagklgtklihfvprdfivqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaqeyrtlaekihanagnpaiptpitmdeledllmdfgimqkedtsiigktaaelaaagm
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH78  coded_by=<1..>570,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH78,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlaealakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyap
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH2  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlaealakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyap
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>686,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
livgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglsqrsvldtlreegedvelsdirnggfcntlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydasenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_61073  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 61073,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgmgkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsg
>Sinorhizobium_sp._HAMBI_1499  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. HAMBI 1499,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1499
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_sp._HAMBI_1478  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. HAMBI 1478,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1478
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_kostiense  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium kostiense,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1489
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_arboris  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium arboris,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1700
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_arboris_LMG_14919  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium arboris LMG 14919,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1552
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=complement(53241..54062),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkhimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralakaidsntmfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmdm
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=5780..6601,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkhimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralakaidsntmfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmdm
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=complement(53156..53977),organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkhimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralakaidsntmfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmdm
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=38953..39774,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkhimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralakaidsntmfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmdm
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=complement(18545..19366),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkhimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralakaidsntmfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmdm
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaqgsvedleledvmkvgyrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilspaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Mesorhizobium_silamurunense  coded_by=<1..>724,organism=Mesorhizobium silamurunense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_ATCC_10988  coded_by=complement(1532328..1533215),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis ATCC 10988,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskirqiafygkggigksttsqnalaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlklgykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyagtggvrlgglicnerqtdreyelaealakrlnsklihfvprnnivqhaelrkqtvlqyapdsdqaneyrelarkihensgkgtiptpitmeeleemllefgimkteeqelaelaakesavak
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvgdleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>hyperthermophilic_methanogen_FS406-22  coded_by=<1..807,organism=hyperthermophilic methanogen FS406-22,definition=NifH
gkggigkstttqntaaalayyyklkgmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqetvmdvlreegeegvtlekirkvgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavnlmielggypddldflffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglakeiyivssgemmalyaanniargilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgekelmeefcdllgtklihfiprdnivqkaefnkmtvvefapdhpqaheykklgkkimdndelviptplsmdqleklvekyglldk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6148  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6148,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnng
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY439  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY439,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgmdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY434  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY434,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgmdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Cephalotaxus_oliveri  coded_by=78720..79583,organism=Cephalotaxus oliveri,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritssirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnqgrhqhnkenllgftti
>Cephalotaxus_wilsoniana  coded_by=79285..80148,organism=Cephalotaxus wilsoniana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritssirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnqgrhqhnkenllgftti
>Anaerotruncus_colihominis_DSM_17241  coded_by=complement(172019..172849),organism=Anaerotruncus colihominis DSM 17241,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkrialygkggigkttvavntalcmarrgyrvllvgcdpkqdttrlltkqplisilerydgpcgpslqdglianprpnlwcceaggpkpgvgcagrgiaialnalekagwfdrvdvvlydvlgdvvcggfstpvtkgyarelyivtsgeqaslfaannilagmqglgacvrgliyqerrftgedalietfsrrvnvpvavkigfseriklcemhdmavseeeragvetaqfmalaermltesgppdeiypmdrtqlsqfirecmpsvaggkgges
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=1054437..1055255,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifH1
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglselgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldyimktgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlerlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgikkyakkggvrlggiicnsrnvdnekklletfakelgtqliyfvprdnmvqkaeihkqtviqfdsdedqaaeyrslakaieenelfvipkpmsqerleeiflehglid
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkpdstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedlelddvmdigyndircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdydsydelgdvvcggfampirenkaqdiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhskaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrqtdredelimalaaklgtq
>[Clostridium]_clariflavum_DSM_19732  coded_by=complement(2451286..2452107),organism=[Clostridium] clariflavum DSM 19732,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglgekgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilgglaqrsvldtireegeevgletisrrgafgiicvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmletlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiqkyatsggtrlggiicnsrkvdgekelleafakelgsqliyfvprdnvvqraeinkktviefdpshpqadvyrglatavdendmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeygilda
>Isoetes_flaccida  coded_by=complement(125137..126012),organism=Isoetes flaccida,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkvavhgkggigksttscnipiasarrgkrvsqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtsqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyavgetvkllkelnasyeydiisfdvlgdvvcggfasplnyadfciiitdngfdalfatnriaasvgekarthplrlaglvgnrtserdlidkyveacsmpvlevlpliehirvsrvrgktlfemvesqpslnyvcdfysniadqilskpegivpkevsdrelfsllsdfysnpignreekndrensldsmiii
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05643  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05643,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3074  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3074,definition=NifH
mghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqaghyr
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY325  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY325,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqlrel
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY324  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY324,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqlrel
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY323  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY323,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqlrel
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY171  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY171,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqlrel
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0005  coded_by=complement(16817..17707),organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0005,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqsgnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlhlaaemgsvedleledvmldgfegikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayedlefvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnkeidlieelaerlntqmihfvprskmvqeaelrrqtviqyapecdqaeeyrqlgnkivanekltiptpidndeleellinygllgseeeykkvmeadraaqaltknsk
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0402  coded_by=10457..11347,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0402,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqsgnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlhlaaemgsvedleledvmldgfegikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayedlefvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnkeidlieelaerlntqmihfvprskmvqeaelrrqtviqyapecdqaeeyrqlgnkivanekltiptpidndeleellinygllgseeeykkvmeadraaqaltknsk
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_0003  coded_by=8778..9668,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 0003,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqsgnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlhlaaemgsvedleledvmldgfegikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayedlefvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnkeidlieelaerlntqmihfvprskmvqeaelrrqtviqyapecdqaeeyrqlgnkivanekltiptpidndeleellinygllgseeeykkvmeadraaqaltknsk
>Thiocapsa_marina_5811  coded_by=196174..197085,organism=Thiocapsa marina 5811,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtiqeipagmigdfsghpdgegsvqvqldpdiridtakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidilesvdfhaeelrpsdyvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhaeralivtandfdsifamnriaaaiqakakhygvriggvianrsvntdeidrfndavglkrlahlpdldvirrsrlkkstlfemdeapgleharseylrlaqmlwdgvepldaqpmrdrdifdflgfd
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitm
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagknvlivgcdpkadstrlmfhekaqntimslaaeaggvedlelemvmkvgygkvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsiispqeegaydkdlnfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaylgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqatvmdkvrelgtvedlelddilkvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfaiadsrrqgrkdlyrlsandamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhskaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprdnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=complement(3356387..3357274),organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein 2
mrqialygkggigkstvgsnvaaalaerglkvmmigcdpkhdctrnlrdgkevptildtirnadlerygvkelieglrvveledivvkgyrgiycaeaggpkpgvgcagrgviaaietlkrlkafetlnpdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmgladevyvvtssdymslyaanniclgieefvdrggspvggivynvrgaadldevvqdfalrigsrivgkvphdslfaeaeaqrktvieyapsselsnlfrklawdiyenshaskpkslnademsalasiigdsarklhsgdiq
>Pseudoramibacter_alactolyticus_ATCC_23263  coded_by=83707..84474,organism=Pseudoramibacter alactolyticus ATCC 23263,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
miklafygkggigksttvsnvalamarrgltvmqigcdpkadstrglcggeqpasvmdlirargedfelsdavktgaggvicaeaggplpglgcagrgvitaletlaekgiyetvqpdvvlfdvlgdvvcggfalpmrrgyaqkvyiltsgenmaiyaaaniataiagfsdrgyaslgglilnrrdvaredekvaalardfdthivgalprdarvpaaeeagqmvleaypeapvaaayralaaalcaengletrc
>Cheilanthes_lindheimeri  coded_by=complement(129227..130108),organism=Cheilanthes lindheimeri,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgrkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqvkdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkplkesnafyeydiissdvlgdvacggfaaplnyadyriiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekshthplrlaglvgnrtferdlidkyveacpmpvlevlplvedirvsrvkgktlfemaeyqpnlnyvcdfhlniadqilsepegvvpreipdrelfsllsdfylnadfrsgnefgcnqqdvsldftii
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=121108..121863,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=NifH/frxC-family protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaalglivlqigcdpkadssrtltggkniptvldtlrkkgdaelddlvvksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmalyaaaniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnakniegenelvdkaaaemeaqviyrlprdpfvqqaeaqgktvveafpdctmavhykalarllleggeap
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=305199..305954,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=Nitrogenase
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaalglivlqigcdpkadssrtltggkniptvldtlrkkgdaelddlvvksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmalyaaaniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnakniegenelvdkaaaemeaqviyrlprdpfvqqaeaqgktvveafpdctmavhykalarllleggeap
>Ruminococcus_albus_SY3  coded_by=107777..108634,organism=Ruminococcus albus SY3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
makelrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnnvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtlrdqgedeieldailkegfmgtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiaryarqggvrlggiicnsrnvdreaelvrafakelgtqmihfvprdndvqraeirkktviqhfpeskqadeyralaekieqndmfvipkpmtqerleeilveyglmddlkddyki
>Ruminococcus_albus_8  coded_by=8061..8918,organism=Ruminococcus albus 8,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makelrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnnvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtlrdqgedeieldailkegfmgtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiaryarqggvrlggiicnsrnvdreaelvrafakelgtqmihfvprdndvqraeirkktviqhfpeskqadeyralaekieqndmfvipkpmtqerleeilveyglmddlkddyki
>Ruminococcus_albus_7_=_DSM_20455  coded_by=complement(2743508..2744365),organism=Ruminococcus albus 7 = DSM 20455,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makelrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglvergnnvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtlrdqgedeieldailkegfmgtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiaryarqggvrlggiicnsrnvdreaelvrafakelgtqmihfvprdndvqraeirkktviqhfpeskqadeyralaekieqndmfvipkpmtqerleeilveyglmddlkddyki
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>Burkholderia_sp._Ms116  coded_by=<1..>627,organism=Burkholderia sp. Ms116,definition=NifH
tsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmt
>Methanobrevibacter_ruminantium_M1  coded_by=complement(1918869..1919672),organism=Methanobrevibacter ruminantium M1,definition=4Fe-4S iron sulfur cluster binding protein NifH/frxC family
mkrqkkiaiygkggigksttvaniaaaysednkkvmvigcdpksdttrtlcgkriptivhtlkdnkkpelddlvfegfnkikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamkrlenlnafeeefdvilydvlgdvvcggfsvplredyadevfivssgeymslyaannisrgikklkgnlggiicnckgidneeeivnsfakeigtqvigvigrsnliqrseldaktvveyapesiesdayrklakdifdndnystpqpmededfenffksfid
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>610,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhael
>Fulvimarina_pelagi_HTCC2506  coded_by=100910..101926,organism=Fulvimarina pelagi HTCC2506,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msalarteaksgqaemhsalraeaqepidtpssgpitketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymlaqqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsskkkaageevdisdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvvnkddgtgeaaafakavgipvlsaipadedirkksanyqivgkpggqwaslfeelaagvadapplhptpldqdgllglfddeetgrdyvlqpasqedmmgrpikpkpsleivydna
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23005  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 23005,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpismeel
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlrdegsdevdlneilrpgykgvmctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayeaeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivvsgemma
>Synechococcus_sp._RS9917  coded_by=complement(261021..261863),organism=Synechococcus sp. RS9917,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mhqeaglqieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthrmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvfpgyngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsadtdqidrfnsrtglrtmahfrdvdairrsrlkkctifemdddepgvkdvrneylrlaqtlldsvepleasplkdreifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45393  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 45393,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismeeleg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._WBAH10  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. WBAH10,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismeeleg
>Dinoroseobacter_shibae_DFL_12_=_DSM_16493  coded_by=3720602..3721501,organism=Dinoroseobacter shibae DFL 12 = DSM 16493,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mspldtappvlkgedgegsvqvhqddsmkiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidilkevdfhaeelrpedfvfegfngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknysvrlagcvanrsretdevdrycktvgfnriahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfemedaedvvqvrkeyirlaetlwngteplapaplpdreifellgfd
>Chamaecyparis_pisifera  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Chamaecyparis pisifera,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_377  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 377,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_331  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 331,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_391  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 391,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>Clostridium_ljungdahlii_DSM_13528  coded_by=complement(2528052..2528822),organism=Clostridium ljungdahlii DSM 13528,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigksttvsnisaalsdkgirvmqigcdpkadstvslhekrnvntvlelvrekknnfdledmvtvgyngvicveaggpnpglgcagrgiiaaleklkekgayeiykpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkvfiitsgenmaihaaaniamaienfknrgyaglgglilnrkdvkneyekvdelaedihseivgtldrseavqeaetlnktvieafpesdmakqyrklaeiimricgkeiscl
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqgilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggrepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkpdstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..828,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelhskeaakaavq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=complement(4717022..4717912),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrtlatrihnnkgkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesvvgktaaelaampa
>Frankia_sp._AgP1R3  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgP1R3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AgP1R2  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgP1R2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AgP1R1  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgP1R1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaaltemgqkilivgcdpkadstrliihskaqdtvlslaaeagsveeieieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanhiargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Mesorhizobium_loti  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium loti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C6  coded_by=746038..746916,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C6,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkqiafygkggigksttvcnlaaalsksgkkvivvgcdpkhdctsnlrcgediptvldvlrekgidklgietiirenllkkediiyegfngiycveaggpkpgygcagrgvivvidllkkmkvfeelgvdvvlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmgladqiyvvtssdymalyaannicnginqfvkrggstlggiiynvrgsmdafdivsefasqlnaniigkvpnspiineaeidgqtaieyapeeeiskiymelaekiyenntgttpnplenaqimqigkmikerikkqkive
>Mesorhizobium_caraganae  coded_by=<1..>682,organism=Mesorhizobium caraganae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
edstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelgnna
>delta_proteobacterium_NaphS2  coded_by=11029..11853,organism=delta proteobacterium NaphS2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvagltelgnkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglnqntvldtlreegedvelddvrktgfggtlctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayaedenidfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkakeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgilkfaeaggirlaglicnsrkvdneeemiqafakklgsqmihfiprdnmvqraeinrktviefdpehaqadeyrtlakkmaenemfvipkpleineleellieygiaa
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcgrfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcgrfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCNWGS0011  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCNWGS0011,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlgpt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeelakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeelakmlgsr
>Roseobacter_sp._AzwK-3b  coded_by=124255..125151,organism=Roseobacter sp. AzwK-3b,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase subunit B
msprdeiptlkgqdgegsvqvhqdastkiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafakmgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgrlqptvidilkevdfhpeelrpedfvatgwggvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhmledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksanykvrlagcvanrskdtdevdrycaeigfnriahmpdvdairrsrlkkktlfemddeedvvncrkeyirlaetlwngteplvpapmedrdifellgfd
>Gordonibacter_pamelaeae_7-10-1-b  coded_by=1789936..1790817,organism=Gordonibacter pamelaeae 7-10-1-b,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
mlriavygkggigksttvsnlaavlalrgytvmqigcdpkadstyvlmhgeripsvldlmrktanptledavhrgfagvlcveaggptpgtgcagrgvitafeqlaalhayeelapdivlydvlgdvvcggfslplrgersdvvyvvtsgemmsmyaasniaqalerfkardyarfgglvlnrrdvaderalvesladelgtgivadvprsadvhaceqetltvvegapasaaaraygaladavldeaglprakagiaggpsekaavptsnakaaaaaafaggpkaegvsrgl
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkglelaeamakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>688,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrn
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ACMP18  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ACMP18,definition=nitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigyrgikcvesggpkpgvgcpgrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihatwpq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>483,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgt
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>660,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnl
>Pinus_ponderosa_var._benthamiana  coded_by=93152..94027,organism=Pinus ponderosa var. benthamiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveaxpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.10  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.10,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliieiarrln
>Ilyobacter_polytropus_DSM_2926  coded_by=complement(1525367..1526206),organism=Ilyobacter polytropus DSM 2926,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maeekklrqlaiygkggigkstttqntvgalmemgkhimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedielddilkdgfkgvkcvesggpqpgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaytpeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeevyivasgeymalyaanniaksiaqygkqgktrlggiicnsrkvdkelelltefagklgsqmihfvprdnvvqraeihknvvvnyepecqqadeyrqlaknidenemlviptplttdeleslmmdygfmev
>Thujopsis_dolabrata  coded_by=337..1209,organism=Thujopsis dolabrata,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlgglvgnrtsqrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrikgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkdqnnkenllgftti
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalveldqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleladvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvipcemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RSS137  coded_by=<1..>707,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RSS137,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapksqqadhyrnlatkih
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3082  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3082,definition=NifH
mghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqaehyr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeadqrvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqntimhlaaeagsvedleledvlkmgygntkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydddlnfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlgglicnsrnvecesdliealaaklgtqlihfvp
>Frankia_sp._32-85  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. 32-85,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgns
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgns
>Thermodesulfatator_indicus_DSM_15286  coded_by=1108848..1109675,organism=Thermodesulfatator indicus DSM 15286,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
matrkigiygkggigkstttqnlaaalahyfgkkvmihgcdpkadatrmilggkpqetvldvmreegeenvtldkvvkigfagircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeelggypedldflfydvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkaqeiyivasgemmaiyaannicrgmvkyakrtgvrlggiicnsrkvdreqelmeefcerlgtqmimfiprdnivqkaefnkqtvvqfdpdhpqalaykelakriiendkfvipkpltmdeleelvvkygia
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY578  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY578,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkefelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglsqrsvldtlreegedveladirnggfcntlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydasenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemma
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF66322  coded_by=<1..>476,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF66322,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lgeilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglictkak
>Cupriavidus_sp._SWF66194  coded_by=<1..>477,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SWF66194,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lgeilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglictkak
>uncultured_proteobacterium_DelRiverFos13D03  coded_by=complement(24866..25870),organism=uncultured proteobacterium DelRiverFos13D03,definition=chlorophyllide reductase X subunit
mtmdipnlkdfdsrlrleaaeeptleipqgeptkktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstkkklageevkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgiaglvinkddgtgeaaafaktvgipvlaaipqdddlrkksanyqivgsyesqwgpmfaqladavaiappvrpaplsqdgllnlfsaeatgadfvltpatdadmrgknavlkkslevvydnv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>474,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lhakaqdxilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesvgpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannxskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvns
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleleevlnvgyngincvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfledngayndveyvsydvlgdvvcgglampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>599,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
waevmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2841767..2842645),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
makkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsiagykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggkyiptvldtlrekssvkahevifegfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavqlfkqqkvfeeldldyviydvlgdvvcggfavpvregiaehvftvssadfmaiyaannlmkgikkysnsggallggviansinapyakeiiddfveqtgtqvveyvprsvtvtqselqgkttiealpdskqaaiykslaekidhhtesrvptpleiselrewaakwgdyllaletgevrteavgni
>Rhizobium_sp.  coded_by=935..1825,organism=Rhizobium sp.,definition=nitrogenase structural protein
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpinmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlaelqakeaaaaaq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DrLT7  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DrLT7,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtRI4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtRI4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tep1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tep1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._teva23  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. teva23,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._teva11  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. teva11,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._bth12  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. bth12,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._bth1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. bth1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tep17  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tep17,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Tep5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Tep5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DrLT6  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DrLT6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DrLT5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DrLT5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Dp6.2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Dp6.2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtRI18  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtRI18,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtRI3  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtRI3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapnskqadhyrnlat
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaclaqmghkihivgsdpkadstrlilhskaqdtilsyaaaagsvedleiedvmkvgyldircvesggpepgvgcagrgvmtsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmayaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakklgtr
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>695,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>693,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Frankia_sp._EUN1f  coded_by=complement(61868..62734),organism=Frankia sp. EUN1f,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydaqnsqaneyrqlakkidenemktiptpismdeledlliefgimeqedtsiigqkaaata
>Thiocapsa_marina_5811  coded_by=complement(411924..412808),organism=Thiocapsa marina 5811,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgygnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamfaanniakgivkyassgsvrlaglicnsrntaredelimelarqlgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyrtlakkiidnkmfvvptpitmdaledllmdfglmdgedesivgktaaeeavaa
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-19  coded_by=<1..>731,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-19,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqaqhyrnlatkvhnnggkgviptp
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlmlhakcqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyamsggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslaaklgtk
>Acidithiobacillus_ferrivorans_SS3  coded_by=complement(1645200..1646087),organism=Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans SS3,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgadyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgvlkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalagklgtrlihfiprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaeeyrqlaqkihanagngtiptpitmdeledmlmefgimqkedasligksaaelaaav
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=complement(2890054..2890881),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=V-nitrogenase iron protein subunit VnfH
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgkkifihgcdpkadctrlvlggvaqttimdtlrelgeeavtaenvintgfddikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeemgaysedldfihfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrrvdnelemmeefasalgtqllyfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydptcnqaleykelakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmveryglmd
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Wiesmoor  coded_by=3174856..3175683,organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Wiesmoor,definition=Nitrogenase (iron-iron) reductase and maturation protein AnfH
mtrkiafygkggigksttqqntaaamayyhgkkifihgcdpkadctrlvlggvaqttimdtlrelgeeavtaenvintgfddikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmeemgaysedldfihfdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmatyaannickgllkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrrvdnelemmeefasalgtqllyfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydptcnqaleykelakkilendmfvipkplsmdqlekmveryglmd
>Dunaliella_salina  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Dunaliella salina,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
kstascnisialakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviyqgygnvdaveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdyciivtdngfdalfaanriatsvreksrvhplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktlfelaesepsllyvldfylniadq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ghrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.12  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.12,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Larix_kaempferi  coded_by=<1..849,organism=Larix kaempferi,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
gigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlihkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._viciae_USDA_2370  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. viciae USDA 2370,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Ensifer_sojae_CCBAU_05684  coded_by=<1..>713,organism=Ensifer sojae CCBAU 05684,definition=NifH
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lpsp3.4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lpsp3.4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lpsp.1b  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lpsp.1b,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ll4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ll4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlat
>Geobacter_sp._M21  coded_by=complement(2503633..2504502),organism=Geobacter sp. M21,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglasigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkeyelidalakklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehpqaqeyrtlaqkiadnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgimeaedesivgvaeaaav
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._pomaceae_ATCC_29192  coded_by=complement(1127713..1128555),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. pomaceae ATCC 29192,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mttatatrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetvmdalrdhgsenvtlekvmktgfhdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmenndaytddldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgerefleeftnaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefdpeqnqaqeykelgrkilenemfvipkpltmdelesmvvkygild
>Zygnema_circumcarinatum  coded_by=76591..77463,organism=Zygnema circumcarinatum,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesepslnyvcefylniadqilsqpegvvpkevpdrelfsllsdfylnpsssrsdmqlednsldfvmv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakklnsk
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggk
>Allochromatium_vinosum_DSM_180  coded_by=complement(2159592..2160476),organism=Allochromatium vinosum DSM 180,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagsvedleledvlkvgygnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeadldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamfaanniakgivkyassggvrlaglicnsrntaredelimelarqlgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkckqadeyralankiidnkmfvvptpismdaledllmefglmdgedesiigktaaeeaava
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=complement(3663392..3664219),organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalaffhdkhifihgcdpkadstrlilggqmqetvmdtlrihgaekvtldkvvktgfkeircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeendaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaanniakglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrmvdgekeflneftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefdpeakqaqeykqlgkeilenkdfvipkplnmdelesmvvkyglld
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strxilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_BS1  coded_by=complement(1014004..1015122),organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides BS1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mstprtiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfalmgkrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggvslptvtevfaeknarneelqisdivfrrdipdfpqpiygvelggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdvleklglfswdldvilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilltnndrqsiftannicqannyfktvggeskllgliinrddgsgiaekyaaeagitilmklphntaardkddsfdfavrlpeigepfrklatdilerkitpceaagldfqtfirlfgevneahptpasqdeltgqkqqingerpeaaqndsvspeseklfacieklpdsekeiyrlievekksaaeaagikgiseaeaqeifssarthlrklffsv
>Clostridium_lentocellum_DSM_5427  coded_by=552805..553623,organism=Clostridium lentocellum DSM 5427,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreegedidldfilkegyggikgvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayesdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmalyaanniskgimkyastggvrlgglicnsrkvdgeaelvqavakelgtqmihfvprdnavqkaeinkktvidfspqepqadeyrelarkvdgndmfvipkplsidklesilmehgild
>Pycnococcus_provasolii  coded_by=41514..42509,organism=Pycnococcus provasolii,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mtestqesteqqtqkdfpllklatygkggigksmvscnlsvglaqrgrkvlqigcdpkhdstftlcgfmiptiidtlqkkdfvysnvwsediiykglfnvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafysydviifdvlgdivcggfaaplnysdyclittddsfdslfaanrifasirekarthplrlvgvvvnrtlnrdlvmrfaktspfailealplletikesrilgkpliymrkrledalenkieqeeevtieeqrefdlmtytcgaflsladvfstnpegvvpmelpdrtiftllstgvstsplereaamakiqesefamv
>Pinus_monophylla  coded_by=91741..92616,organism=Pinus monophylla,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyxxiwpedvihkgyggxxxxxaxxppagagcxgyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlxxxxxxgfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveaxxxxxxxxxxxiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsxxslnyvcnyylgiadqilsxpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpixxggqkkkiqenflgftri
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaamdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqnlvaalaeaghkcmiigcdpkadstrlilnrkaqntvmdmarekgtvedleldevllhgfknikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygddtdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5331  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5331,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5329  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5329,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5318  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5318,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5267  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5267,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5319  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5319,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5268  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5268,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5380  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5380,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5379  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5379,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5205  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5205,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5204  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5204,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5192  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5192,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5332  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5332,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5193  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5193,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5282  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5282,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5281  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5281,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5198  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5198,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5273  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5273,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5320  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5320,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5337  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5337,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5328  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5328,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5327  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5327,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5208  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5208,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>Mastigocladus_laminosus_CCMEE_5207  coded_by=<1..804,organism=Mastigocladus laminosus CCMEE 5207,definition=nitrogenase protein
maemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxetlaeklntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyralakkiinntkltiptplemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeatak
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieleevmltgfrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyeladalagmlgsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannvskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakklgtq
>Frankia_sp._An2.2  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. An2.2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AirI1  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AirI1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Ensifer_sp.  coded_by=<1..>563,organism=uncultured Ensifer sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvbyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Clostridium_papyrosolvens_DSM_2782  coded_by=82730..83551,organism=Clostridium papyrosolvens DSM 2782,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglgemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilgglaqqtvldtlreegedidldlvmkkgfseincvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllerlgayeddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdgeadlveafakelgsqmihfvprdnmvqraeihkktvidfdaecnqadeyrslakkidenklfvipkplkqerleellmehgimdi
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=52344..53171,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlveghlgvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytedtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantgtvrlgglicnsrqtdkeyelisalakalntqmihfmprdnevqraelrkqtviqynpthsqadeyralarkieantmmtiptpmemeqleellmeygimem
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(4857402..4858229),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=nitrogenase subunit nifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlveghlgvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytedtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantgtvrlgglicnsrqtdkeyelisalakalntqmihfmprdnevqraelrkqtviqynpthsqadeyralarkieantmmtiptpmemeqleellmeygimem
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=1143804..1144631,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlveghlgvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytedtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantgtvrlgglicnsrqtdkeyelisalakalntqmihfmprdnevqraelrkqtviqynpthsqadeyralarkieantmmtiptpmemeqleellmeygimem
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense  coded_by=complement(4864138..4864965),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlveghlgvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytedtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyantgtvrlgglicnsrqtdkeyelisalakalntqmihfmprdnevqraelrkqtviqynpthsqadeyralarkieantmmtiptpmemeqleellmeygimem
>Sciadopitys_verticillata  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Sciadopitys verticillata,definition=FrxC
isialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfxiptiidtlxskdyhyediwsxdvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgnxvcggfaaplnyxdyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpxievlpliedirvsrixgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqils
>Thiorhodococcus_drewsii_AZ1  coded_by=4289..5116,organism=Thiorhodococcus drewsii AZ1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalahfhgqkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqqtlmdvlrdkgaekitndqvikagfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeargaytddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefleeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefnpeenqareyselgrkiienedlvipnplsmeqledmvvkyglmd
>Anaeromyxobacter_sp._Fw109-5  coded_by=complement(3529750..3530616),organism=Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvlivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqatvmdlvrergtvedlevadvlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivvsgemmamyaanniargilkyassgkvrlgglicnsrntdreadliealaaklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspehkqaneyrelarkisenkklvvpkplqmeeleallmefgiiadedesqvgvaeava
>Keteleeria_davidiana  coded_by=13827..14702,organism=Keteleeria davidiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggegqkkknqenllgftri
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._mimosae  coded_by=<1..>529,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. mimosae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtvi
>Burkholderia_caryophylli  coded_by=<1..854,organism=Burkholderia caryophylli,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalteldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtaiefapdskqaneyrqlatkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimktvdesevgktaaelta
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>718,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11196  coded_by=<1..837,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11196,definition=NifH
wllqslvalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>718,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..870,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifH
iygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakesakaaaq
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=3172115..3172984,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makqlkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagykvmqfgadpkadstntlrggeyipsvldllaerrrvdayeaifqgfggiycveaggpqpgvgcagrgiitavellkqqrvfeeldldiviydvlgdvvcggfavpvregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfrgierfsnsggallggiiansintdfqreviddfaahtdtpivqyvprsltvtqaelsgrttieaapqsaqadvyrqlarriaehteskvptplnpqqlrewsarwadhlvaaeraeaerqva
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=206357..207226,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=putative nitrogenase reductase NifH subunit
makqlkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagykvmqfgadpkadstntlrggeyipsvldllaerrrvdayeaifqgfggiycveaggpqpgvgcagrgiitavellkqqrvfeeldldiviydvlgdvvcggfavpvregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfrgierfsnsggallggiiansintdfqreviddfaahtdtpivqyvprsltvtqaelsgrttieaapqsaqadvyrqlarriaehteskvptplnpqqlrewsarwadhlvaaeraeaerqva
>Mesorhizobium_gobiense  coded_by=<1..>693,organism=Mesorhizobium gobiense,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmee
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_75057  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 75057,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>732,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
tsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpitm
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._TSA27b  coded_by=<1..>621,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. TSA27b,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrklaa
>Alcaligenes_faecalis  coded_by=606..1496,organism=Alcaligenes faecalis,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleekaayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimaladklgsqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpaakqadeyrtlakkivenkklviptpismdeleallmefgimdeedmtivgktaaeepafcsl
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_CCBAU_45436  coded_by=<1..>688,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii CCBAU 45436,definition=NifH
ivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmde
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._pomaceae_ATCC_29192  coded_by=complement(1535470..1536357),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. pomaceae ATCC 29192,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlklgykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyagtggvrlgglicnerqtdreyeladalakrlnsklihfvprnnivqhaelrkqtvlqyapdsdqaneyrtlakkihensgkgtiptpitmeeleemllefgimkteeqelaelaakeaavak
>Methanocella_arvoryzae_MRE50  coded_by=1074093..1074911,organism=Methanocella arvoryzae MRE50,definition=nitrogenase iron protein (nitrogenase reductase)
mkqstsqkqlavygkggigksttasnmaaalgemgkkvmligcdpksdssitllggrriptimdtvrerknkidgikeedvvfegfggvrctevggpepgigcagrgiivavdvlmknstfmkeadvlifdvpgdivcggfavpitkkmvseayiitsgeymplyaannicrglntlrtplggiicnereaadekeivgrfadalgvpllsyiprsrivqqceregktvieaspdsgtasiyrglaakvlmekdnkvpealedaylreltll
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaakigtvedldledvlakgfgsiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegaydgkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Methylocystis_sp._ATCC_49242  coded_by=complement(47128..48009),organism=Methylocystis sp. ATCC 49242,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakklgskliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapeskqaehyrelarrvdanvgagtiptpitmdeledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelava
>Clostridium_autoethanogenum_DSM_10061  coded_by=complement(454475..455302),organism=Clostridium autoethanogenum DSM 10061,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglseigkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedvdlnyilkegfngikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgikkyankggvrlggiicnsrkvdnekelleafaeelgtqliyfvprdnvvqraeinkqtviqfdpesnqareyrslaeaieknknfvipkpmsqkkleeiflahglveqvv
>Clostridium_ljungdahlii_DSM_13528  coded_by=complement(2588994..2589821),organism=Clostridium ljungdahlii DSM 13528,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglseigkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedvdlnyilkegfngikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlerlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgikkyankggvrlggiicnsrkvdnekelleafaeelgtqliyfvprdnvvqraeinkqtviqfdpesnqareyrslaeaieknknfvipkpmsqkkleeiflahglveqvv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>487,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>694),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
tsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihn
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>694),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
tsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihn
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>694),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
tsqntlaalaelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihn
>Chloroflexus_aggregans_DSM_9485  coded_by=complement(3786654..3787889),organism=Chloroflexus aggregans DSM 9485,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mpahpkqkqtsttarmlavygkggmgksffttnlvsklallgnrvlqlgcdpkhdscnalfggvslptlgdvwrefkeagredelaphhvifkttimdgaatvygceiggpevgrgcggrgitfgfdmlekfglsqwaldfvvmdflgdvvcggfatplsrslaeeviilcgndrqslyaanniasaakyfasmggrtkllglvvnrddgsgvaarfaekinlpvlasipldrtvreladacklalqeprfdvifdrlarqiidrtlpevkmeevqplaykeflsvfgaeepdivpdgasaeelfggqpqrkpapvitlglmeravgdkpdmdaptrmvvkrllnelgmyvteanhdpkkgmtltvdgytticigsaddldskiailaalkrsgeqfryvdlrrpaspfyr
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>704,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>704,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>704,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Rhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45499  coded_by=<1..>704,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCBAU 45499,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Juniperus_chinensis  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Juniperus chinensis,definition=FrxC
scnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpke
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_9809  coded_by=1847..2716,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 9809,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviydgyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeeeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_9717  coded_by=4523..5392,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 9717,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviydgyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeeeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_NIES-843  coded_by=1457535..1458404,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa NIES-843,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviydgyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeeeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_9701  coded_by=complement(8265..9134),organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 9701,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviydgyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeeeldlmmv
>Pinus_pinaster  coded_by=92633..93508,organism=Pinus pinaster,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_canariensis  coded_by=92643..93518,organism=Pinus canariensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_thunbergii  coded_by=93019..93894,organism=Pinus thunbergii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_resinosa  coded_by=92770..93645,organism=Pinus resinosa,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_massoniana  coded_by=92935..93810,organism=Pinus massoniana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_brutia  coded_by=93069..93944,organism=Pinus brutia,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_halepensis  coded_by=92711..93586,organism=Pinus halepensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_latteri  coded_by=92748..93623,organism=Pinus latteri,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_massoniana  coded_by=92880..93755,organism=Pinus massoniana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_pinea  coded_by=92487..93362,organism=Pinus pinea,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Pinus_roxburghii  coded_by=92552..93427,organism=Pinus roxburghii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RRM3  coded_by=<1..>683,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RRM3,definition=NifH
aemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayqnidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23011  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 23011,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvqsggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgtqliyfvardngvhqaelrhmrvlekapdspqadhyrklaskahykggqgwfpppv
>Rhizobium_sp._CCBAU_65813  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCBAU 65813,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqa
>Neorhizobium_huautlense  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Neorhizobium huautlense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqa
>Neorhizobium_huautlense  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Neorhizobium huautlense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqa
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>452,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
vlgevvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgim
>Floydiella_terrestris  coded_by=212102..212986,organism=Floydiella terrestris,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdlidkyvqacpipvlevlplledirvsrvkgktlfemaesepslnfvldyylniadqlltepegvvprelsdrelfsmlsdfylnppsslsnsgqtakepqqeldfflv
>Desulfotomaculum_gibsoniae_DSM_7213  coded_by=complement(101501..102325),organism=Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae DSM 7213,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaaltemgkkvlvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegedidledimrngygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivasgemmalyaanniskgvmkfadsggvrlggiicnsrnvdneyelleafarelgsqlihfvprdnvvqraeinkktvidfdptvqqadeyrtlarnidgndmfvvprpmtqdrleellmtfgildsl
>Desulfotomaculum_gibsoniae_DSM_7213  coded_by=complement(2460434..2461258),organism=Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae DSM 7213,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaaltemgkkvlvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegedidledimrngygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivasgemmalyaanniskgvmkfadsggvrlggiicnsrnvdneyelleafarelgsqlihfvprdnvvqraeinkktvidfdptvqqadeyrtlarnidgndmfvvprpmtqdrleellmtfgildsl
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksmtsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsynvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methanosphaerula_palustris_E1-9c  coded_by=105806..106705,organism=Methanosphaerula palustris E1-9c,definition=Nitrogenase
mtasrniaiygkggigksttssnlsaalselgltvmqigcdpkadstnnlrggesipsvldalrsgkkieigdivfkgfngvlcveaggpepgvgcagrgiitaiellkqkkvfeefspdivlydvlgdvvcggfsvpiregvaeqvytvassdfmalyaannlfkgikkyannggalfsgiiansmskpvqreiiddfavhtsttvagyverslavtrselrgqtvierdpdspqadvyrrlakgivenqkryvpapldaeelkkwasswsdriigqdadeeapkstsyppagsegls
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpitm
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._TSA43  coded_by=<1..>615,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. TSA43,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kggldppdparqrrrtpfsasrpnagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrklaa
>Methylomonas_paludis  coded_by=<1..>453,organism=Methylomonas paludis,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqnsimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_MGH_27  coded_by=complement(711213..712094),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca MGH 27,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_MGH_41  coded_by=251475..252356,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca MGH 41,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_sp._AS10  coded_by=56005..56886,organism=Klebsiella sp. AS10,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=14709..15590,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_10-5242  coded_by=331060..331941,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca 10-5242,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=4891809..4892690,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_sp._OBRC7  coded_by=complement(78853..79734),organism=Klebsiella sp. OBRC7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_E718  coded_by=4032565..4033446,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca E718,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_KCTC_1686  coded_by=5366231..5367112,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca KCTC 1686,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=11488..12369,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(38258..39139),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(566911..567792),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(2496484..2497365),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=14680..15561,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=251457..252338,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=complement(38258..39139),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=5455459..5456340,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_HKOPL1  coded_by=complement(2678997..2679878),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca HKOPL1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_KONIH1  coded_by=4020131..4021012,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca KONIH1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeesaa
>Mesorhizobium_sp._N2076  coded_by=<1..>718,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. N2076,definition=NifH
nklilivgxdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeelegsl
>Methanobacterium_paludis  coded_by=586297..587091,organism=Methanobacterium paludis,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msktkriaiygkggigkstivsniaaaysencnvlvigcdpkadttrtlvgsriptileivkrkkgaspdeilfkgyggvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamnllekleifsedldviiydvlgdvvcggfavplreefadevyivtsgeymalyaannickgikklksrfggvicnrrglkdevkivgefaervgskiigvipkselvqkseyeaktvvekfpdskqtelyrklakaiylnedfvvpepmgidefeeffrqf
>Rhizobium_galegae  coded_by=3759..>4585,organism=Rhizobium galegae,definition=putative nitrogenase reductase
mhttfvasttfselvrrqfnpclplklksnphfldsgrdlarflrlpmwwrklpaiidgtgrrsigkarsmaglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamvelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaatkgsvedlelqdvlklgykgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatvgsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlns
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=214..1086,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=nitrogenase Fe-protein
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqgtvmemaasagwvedleledvlqigfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaysddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgsvkyahsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnvvqhaeirrmtvieydpkagqadeyralarkivdnkllvipnpasmeeleellmefgimevedesvvgkaaaeg
>Sinorhizobium_sp._HAMBI_1480  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. HAMBI 1480,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1480
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._USDA_3350  coded_by=<1..>675,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. USDA 3350,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfsmpiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralae
>Halorhodospira_halophila_SL1  coded_by=complement(1751370..1752296),organism=Halorhodospira halophila SL1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msseqpaketqiiaiygkggigksftlsnlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiidtssrkkaagetlsigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfeilenlgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvilvgandlqslyvvnnvcsaveyfsrlggsvgvaglvvnkddgtgeaqalagqagipvlssipaddeirrksanyeiigypggpwgplfeqlaqniagappvmpqplshdqllglfksdevggevelvpatpedmcpqgatrkpsleivyddt
>Roseobacter_denitrificans_OCh_114  coded_by=complement(110444..111448),organism=Roseobacter denitrificans OCh 114,definition=chlorophyllide reductase subunit X
mkdevpnlkdfdkrlrdeaqaeptlevpqgepasktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaeqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstrkklageevkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaaafaeavdipvlasipqdddlrkksanyqivgtqesqwgdlfamlgdnvavappqrptpldqdgllglfdasetggdyvlvpatdvdmrgknaepkpslevvydda
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=1833732..1834730,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvvpqislqdaqlraeasvepdapvttpvtketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkatptiietsskkklageevtisdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafakaagipvlsaipadegirrksanyeivglpdgqwgplfatlaenvatappvrpkpltqdgllglfssdvtgrdvvlepatmadmcgaavlnkpsleviydev
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=293919..294917,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit BchX
mnvvpqislqdaqlraeasvepdapvttpvtketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkatptiietsskkklageevtisdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafakaagipvlsaipadegirrksanyeivglpdgqwgplfatlaenvatappvrpkpltqdgllglfssdvtgrdvvlepatmadmcgaavlnkpsleviydev
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CPS13  coded_by=<1..>581,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CPS13,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lhlaahegsvedlelqdalkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvns
>Oocystis_solitaria  coded_by=85327..86193,organism=Oocystis solitaria,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklavygkggigkstiscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqlkdyhyenvwpedviyegyggvscveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanrivasvrekarthplklaglignrtlkrdlidkyvescpmpvlellpllenirisrvkgktlfemaeeekslcyicdfylniadqllskpegiipselsdkdfftlltdiymnkteqnkmakdqlidfmiv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalagmlgtk
>Mesorhizobium_albiziae  coded_by=<1..>536,organism=Mesorhizobium albiziae,definition=NifH
qdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyap
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C7  coded_by=complement(1116261..1117139),organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkqiafygkggigksttvcnlaaalsksgkkvivvgcdpkhdctsnlrrgediptvldvlrekgidklgietiirenllkkediiyegfngiycveaggpkpgygcagrgvivvidllkkmnvfeelgvdiviydvlgdvvcggfamplrmgladqiyvvtssdymalyaannicngisqfvkrggstlggivynvrgsmdafdivsefasqlnaniigkvpnssiineaeidgqtaieyapeeeiskiymelaetiyknntgttpkplenaqimqigkmikerikkqktve
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkvqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Rhizobium_etli_bv._mimosae  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Rhizobium etli bv. mimosae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnskli
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi,definition=nitrogenase reductase
liagchpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansg
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaqlatsfgqqimivgcdpkadstrlifntkaqqtvlhlaaergtvedleledvvatgfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleehgaydemefisydvlgdvvcggfampigenkaheiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaflgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrergtvedleleevlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._TSA15y  coded_by=<1..>589,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. TSA15y,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapes
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>458),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaaladlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeegayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>443,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttvsnlaaamatlgltvlqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldilrqngdaeledivvksstgvlciesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafnkleeleayevykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfatpirggyadeicivtsgemma
>Frankia_sp._AiPs1  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. AiPs1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>Frankia_sp._AgKG'84/4  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. AgKG'84/4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsk
>Chlorobium_luteolum_DSM_273  coded_by=1718538..1719362,organism=Chlorobium luteolum DSM 273,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikegyrntrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgaydeewdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremieelarkigtqmihfvprdnfvqraeinrktvidydpthgqadeyralarkidenemfvipkpleieeleslliefgian
>[Ruminococcus]_torques  coded_by=48485..49261,organism=[Ruminococcus] torques,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvaaalaeqglkvlqigcdpkadstillrhgeevptvlhmyqekkknlkledivkigykgivcveaggptpglgcagrgiitalekleetgayekyqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrngyadkifivtsgenmaihaganiamavenfknrgyatlgglilnrrnvpreeekveelaedfhtsivgtltrsdlvqqaeeqkktvleafpesemaeeyrilakailmkvrekqevsna
>Ruminococcus_torques_L2-14  coded_by=360702..361478,organism=Ruminococcus torques L2-14,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvaaalaeqglkvlqigcdpkadstillrhgeevptvlhmyqekkknlkledivkigykgivcveaggptpglgcagrgiitalekleetgayekyqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrngyadkifivtsgenmaihaganiamavenfknrgyatlgglilnrrnvpreeekveelaedfhtsivgtltrsdlvqqaeeqkktvleafpesemaeeyrilakailmkvrekqevsna
>Bradyrhizobium_lablabi  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium lablabi,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpism
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_CCBAU_25509  coded_by=<1..>688,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii CCBAU 25509,definition=NifH
ivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmee
>Frankia_sp._32-72  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=Frankia sp. 32-72,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>Roseiflexus_sp._RS-1  coded_by=complement(1471846..1472667),organism=Roseiflexus sp. RS-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqvafygkggigksttqqntaaalasmgyrlmvvgcdpkadctrlllrgvrqpsvldtlrdvgpesvqlekvvvqgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcggrgvitaiqtletlgaykddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaeeiyivcsgeymalfaannickgikkfaergyarlgglicnsrlveneralveefarrlntkmihfvprskdvqraeinkktvidydpelpqaheyrelarkidendeftiptpitqdeledlmreygivd
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=1035492..1036331,organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagrkcfivgcdpkadstrlilhvkaqstvmhlaaergavedldldevmlvgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengafdddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrnvdnereliealaeklgtqmihflprnnivqeaelrrmtvieyapdhpmadeyrtlakkieenrklsiptpltmdeleqllveygimkpeeva
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=1035482..1036321,organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagrkcfivgcdpkadstrlilhvkaqstvmhlaaergavedldldevmlvgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengafdddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrnvdnereliealaeklgtqmihflprnnivqeaelrrmtvieyapdhpmadeyrtlakkieenrklsiptpltmdeleqllveygimkpeeva
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Phaeospirillum_molischianum_DSM_120  coded_by=46117..46995,organism=Phaeospirillum molischianum DSM 120,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
mprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilncklqdtvlhlaakagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalfaanniakgilkyagsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaetlakrintqmihfvprnnivqhaelrrqtviqyapdssqaaeyrslatkihanagkgtipspitmeeledlllefgimksddqalaeleakeksvg
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaqlnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapksqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlapt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AgB20  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgB20,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AgB16  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgB16,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AgKG'84/5  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgKG'84/5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._AgB32  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AgB32,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6146  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6146,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6028  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6028,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..807,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
rswgrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansrqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqaketpkaaal
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>726,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsar
>Fucus_vesiculosus  coded_by=complement(70907..71791),organism=Fucus vesiculosus,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalsrrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyediwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtatrdlidkyidsvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfelneidsslyyiceyylniadqlianpegvvpkeaadrelfsllsdfylnpnknnestlelssvekdlneifsi
>Chloroflexus_aurantiacus  coded_by=6344..7165,organism=Chloroflexus aurantiacus,definition=BchL
mslilaiygkggigksttsanlsaamalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpltghlqptvidvldsvnfhledvskedvirtgfagvdtlesggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllkefglydkydvivfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadygliiacndfdsifaanrlclaisqksqrhkvklagiianrvdyeygggtnlldqfaekvgtkvigrvpyhdlirrsrlagktlfemegpgkeectrpfeemaeyllaqpqatvpqpyhdraifeaiggwr
>Chloroflexus_aurantiacus_J-10-fl  coded_by=complement(3406526..3407347),organism=Chloroflexus aurantiacus J-10-fl,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslilaiygkggigksttsanlsaamalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpltghlqptvidvldsvnfhledvskedvirtgfagvdtlesggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllkefglydkydvivfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadygliiacndfdsifaanrlclaisqksqrhkvklagiianrvdyeygggtnlldqfaekvgtkvigrvpyhdlirrsrlagktlfemegpgkeectrpfeemaeyllaqpqatvpqpyhdraifeaiggwr
>Chloroflexus_sp._Y-400-fl  coded_by=complement(3401544..3402365),organism=Chloroflexus sp. Y-400-fl,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslilaiygkggigksttsanlsaamalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpltghlqptvidvldsvnfhledvskedvirtgfagvdtlesggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllkefglydkydvivfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadygliiacndfdsifaanrlclaisqksqrhkvklagiianrvdyeygggtnlldqfaekvgtkvigrvpyhdlirrsrlagktlfemegpgkeectrpfeemaeyllaqpqatvpqpyhdraifeaiggwr
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..828,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelhskeaakaaaq
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(4375876..4376634),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=putative nitrogenase subunit nifH
miraaiygkggigkstttsnlavalsemgykvmqigcdpkadstrmltggrsiptvlelvrsrrddlqvsdfvqegyngvlcveaggpmpgigcagrgiitafdtlvemkayevyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrgeytdvvfivtsgemmsmyaasniaaalanfrsrdyarygglilnrrnvdkelelvqqlaaetqgelisvipraaeiqkgeeqgktvmeifpeteiaqcyrtlarrflevcehe
>Acidiphilium_multivorum_AIU301  coded_by=2122580..2123503,organism=Acidiphilium multivorum AIU301,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mndispqagafpaaarcatgcgdgegsvqvaldpalridgakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsaafalqgrrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidalegvdfhpeelrvedfvyegfagvqcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleesdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaigakarnygvrlggvianrsaavdqlakyneatglstlarfpdldairrsrlrksvvfemedapeldavrtayldlaaslwagveplaavplrdreifdllgfe
>Acidiphilium_multivorum_AIU301  coded_by=complement(9433..10356),organism=Acidiphilium multivorum AIU301,definition=chlorophyllide reductase X subunit
mndispqagafpaaarcatgcgdgegsvqvaldpalridgakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsaafalqgrrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidalegvdfhpeelrvedfvyegfagvqcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleesdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaigakarnygvrlggvianrsaavdqlakyneatglstlarfpdldairrsrlrksvvfemedapeldavrtayldlaaslwagveplaavplrdreifdllgfe
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05591  coded_by=<1..>692,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05591,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqg
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.6  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglmcnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_25282  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 25282,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11166  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11166,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpinmdeledml
>Thermocrinis_albus_DSM_14484  coded_by=414925..415764,organism=Thermocrinis albus DSM 14484,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagrkcfivgcdpkadstrlilhvkaqatvmhlaaekgsvedldldevmlvgfkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengafdddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvanereliealadklgtqlvhflprdnivqeaelrrmtvieyapdhpmadeyralarkienntkltiptplsmdeleqllveygimkpeeva
>Mesorhizobium_camelthorni  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium camelthorni,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_camelthorni  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium camelthorni,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_camelthorni  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium camelthorni,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitm
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrldglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqlsvlqmaadkgsvedlepeevirvgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidfleengayddmdyisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyacnniskgilkyaatgsvrlgglicnsrmtdreidlsdamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakrlnsk
>Frankia_sp._AgPm24  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=Frankia sp. AgPm24,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnv
>Geobacter_uraniireducens_Rf4  coded_by=complement(4540494..4541360),organism=Geobacter uraniireducens Rf4,definition=Nitrogenase
maaqhivlygkggvgtsttaanisaalaelgfrvvqigfdarhdstrtlrgdvrvktildllsskrplavedvavtgfkgvlcveagmpdphvgcsghrfkavisrlgepsflesyrpdfvlydvsaeavcggitapllngiaervyvvsssdfmsifaannilrtiqkhgdggrltfggilanglaapfmesiiadfaaktgvtdvryiprslvvmqcelygrtvidaaplsnhaylyrrlarhiaeheavglphslsreemtnwargwgdriveletgvisngegi
>Methanobacterium_lacus  coded_by=complement(2138498..2139298),organism=Methanobacterium lacus,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msktkkiaiygkggigksttvsniaaarskdsevlvigcdpkadttrtlvgrriptildilklkkkdlnqediivkgfgdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamnllerlgvfkenldliiydvlgdvvcggfavplrenfadevyivtsgeymslyaannickgikklkgnlggiicncrgieneleiveefakivntkiigvmprnelvqkaeieaktviekfpdseqaelyielgeniynnqkfdipkpmevddfekffrkfh
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmd
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmd
>Mesorhizobium_robiniae  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Mesorhizobium robiniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmd
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmd
>Mesorhizobium_robiniae  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Mesorhizobium robiniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttthntvaglaslgkkimiigcdpkadstrlmlhakaqdtvmdkvrelgtvedleledvlrtgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregnaednynvcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3040  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3040,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Candidatus_Atelocyanobacterium_thalassa_isolate_ALOHA  coded_by=694680..695543,organism=Candidatus Atelocyanobacterium thalassa isolate ALOHA,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaalsennrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhckaqttvlhlaaergtvedieldevvipgynnvlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayenldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnceaelitelarrlgtqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtvieytpnhpqadeyrtlankieknemfivptpismeeleellvdfgilggedeyeqaiaadkak
>Methylobacterium_populi_BJ001  coded_by=3069636..3070640,organism=Methylobacterium populi BJ001,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnlqlnkaalaaattlrdeaaiepdpvvtgevkretqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgrkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietstkkklageavaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafadaagipvlasipahedirrksanyeiigkpegrwgplfadlaqnvaaaaphqpkplsqdallglfsseatgrdvvlepatledmcgrttlakpslevvydev
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaqlatslgqqimivrcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaergtvedleleevvatgfrgirwvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydemdfisydvlgdvvcggfamairenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>Taxodium_distichum  coded_by=573..1445,organism=Taxodium distichum,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Taiwania_flousiana  coded_by=complement(129332..130204),organism=Taiwania flousiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Taiwania_cryptomerioides  coded_by=complement(130511..131383),organism=Taiwania cryptomerioides,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Frankia_sp._ORS020608  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=Frankia sp. ORS020608,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Burkholderia_unamae_MTI-641  coded_by=<1..853,organism=Burkholderia unamae MTI-641,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA20c  coded_by=<1..>673,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA20c,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqageyralankiha
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhtkaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Desulfotomaculum_kuznetsovii_DSM_6115  coded_by=complement(2183825..2184583),organism=Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii DSM 6115,definition=Nitrogenase
mrkiaiygkggigkstttanvsaalarqgyrvmqigcdpkadstrtlmggreiptildvqrekkngvrledivftgfggvlcaesggptpgvgcagrgiiaafetleflkafevyrpdivfydvlgdvvcggfamplrkgyaeeiyivtsgekmslfaarniaraveqfkgrgyarlkglilnargvpneaalvkaaaeemgtrviieiprdstvqlceernvtvvegapdsplagiyhrlaeiiaggrtkg
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhfkaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._3LBIV  coded_by=<1..>741,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 3LBIV,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkagigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqa
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>592,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO99  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO99,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledm
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO94  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO94,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledm
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO57  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO57,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledm
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntiaglaelgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgykdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Fusobacterium_nucleatum_subsp._nucleatum_ATCC_23726  coded_by=complement(14797..15627),organism=Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. nucleatum ATCC 23726,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstissnlsamisksgkkvlhigcdpkgdstrnlmgrkiptvisilkeknnlnrediiykgfngiecvetggpeagvgcagrgiittmeeledlkvfdeerdiiiydvlgdvvcggfavpmrekyadviyivtssefmsifaannimksiknfskmknikfgglihnqrnnnssinilkifadmtkskiigeipfskelikselngktiaemypnsnlynnflelsekilsnqddltfsplseeemeylaaeilkkniyyeee
>Fusobacterium_nucleatum_CTI-2  coded_by=complement(3447..4277),organism=Fusobacterium nucleatum CTI-2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstissnlsamisksgkkvlhigcdpkgdstrnlmgrkiptvisilkeknnlnrediiykgfngiecvetggpeagvgcagrgiittmeeledlkvfdeerdiiiydvlgdvvcggfavpmrekyadviyivtssefmsifaannimksiknfskmknikfgglihnqrnnnssinilkifadmtkskiigeipfskelikselngktiaemypnsnlynnflelsekilsnqddltfsplseeemeylaaeilkkniyyeee
>Sinorhizobium_sp._Rch-9868  coded_by=<2..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. Rch-9868,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
stasqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Frankia_sp._Ai14a  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Frankia sp. Ai14a,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfipr
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_phosphatis_clade_IIA_str._UW-1  coded_by=5030746..5031654,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis clade IIA str. UW-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maklrqaaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqnsvmglaaeagsvedleledvmsvgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydedlefvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrntdredelimalaaklgtqmihfiprhnivqhaeirrmtvieydptaaqadeyrtlakkivdnknfviptpvtmdeleellmefgileaddesiigktaaqlaaetaealaaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RST88bis  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RST88bis,definition=NifH
ksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapksqqadhyrnlatkihn
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_HaA2  coded_by=complement(4541308..4542246),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris HaA2,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniltdplklktsgcadanaskcaegdgegsvqvqldpnvkigsakvfsiygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrliptvidvleevnfhseelrpedfvfegyngvmcleaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhseramivaandfdsifaanriaaaiqaksknygvrlagiianrsretdqidkfgaatgiqrvahlpdldvirksrlkkmtlfemdhtdeilavqqeylrlatemweaktppvqgkplkdrdifdllgfd
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=15..878,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=Frankia species nitrogenase reductase (nifH) gene, complete cds
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpnadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpknsqadeyrqlankivnndmktiptpitmdeleellidfgimaqedesvigkaaava
>Pelodictyon_phaeoclathratiforme_BU-1  coded_by=311852..312679,organism=Pelodictyon phaeoclathratiforme BU-1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheelsaediietgfagidcleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvallqelglydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaiiiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvklagivanrvdyvtgggtnmldqfaekvgtkllakvpyhelirksrfagktmyamedtpdkeeclkpyneiadfliqespiasvpvpigdreifkmvngwq
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_bv._mediterranense  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii bv. mediterranense,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_bv._mediterranense  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii bv. mediterranense,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpit
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvgyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfavpiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalavkaghh
>Ruminococcus_albus_8  coded_by=18822..19580,organism=Ruminococcus albus 8,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikfaiygkggigkstiacnisaalaakgltvmqigcdpkadstsllhggdriptvldmtrktggkftlddvvfraecgvycveaggpipglgcagrgiinalesleklgayerfkpdvviydvlgdvvcggfsmpmrkgyadkifvvcsgekmsryaaanicmavdnfkgrgyaglggiilnrrgvpdeddaaaelaadfgtevigtldrsediplaeergktivasapdsdtakqleaiadsvyaacgge
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakrlnsk
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51472  coded_by=206393..207376,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51472,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mgrnsqgflttiriivtsatdqpsnfihslsnkrestmrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaalaetnrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqttilhlaaergtvedieleevllegyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnceaelieelarrlgtqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtvieyspdhpqaqeyrelsrkienntnlviptpitmeeleellvdfgilggedeyekalqadkaatka
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=1..984,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgrnsqgflttiriivtsatdqpsnfihslsnkrestmrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaalaetnrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqttilhlaaergtvedieleevllegyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnceaelieelarrlgtqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtvieyspdhpqaqeyrelsrkienntnlviptpitmeeleellvdfgilggedeyekalqadkaatka
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=565791..566774,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mgrnsqgflttiriivtsatdqpsnfihslsnkrestmrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaalaetnrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqttilhlaaergtvedieleevllegyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnceaelieelarrlgtqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtvieyspdhpqaqeyrelsrkienntnlviptpitmeeleellvdfgilggedeyekalqadkaatka
>Azospirillum_lipoferum_4B  coded_by=complement(639402..640298),organism=Azospirillum lipoferum 4B,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
makaplrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyqgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqageyralankihansgqgciptpitmeeleemlmdfgimkteeqqlaelaakeaakaga
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkareiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DcE3.6  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DcE3.6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyspnsqqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DcE2.8  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DcE2.8,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyspnsqqadhyrnlat
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sggpepgvgcxgrgvitsinfleengaydxvdxvsydvlgbxvcggfxmpirenkaqeiyivxsgemmalyaaxnixrgilxyaxxgsvxlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpitm
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalvemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlrdegedvelddirragygdcwctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydktqnieyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekraqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekraqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Desulfitobacterium_dehalogenans_ATCC_51507  coded_by=complement(31423..32181),organism=Desulfitobacterium dehalogenans ATCC 51507,definition=Nitrogenase
miraaiygkggigkstttsnlavalsemgykvmqigcdpkadstrmltggrpiqtvlelvrskrddlqvgdfvqegyngvlcveaggpmpgigcagrgiitafdtlaemkayevyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrgeytdvvfiitsgemmsmyaasniaaalanfrnrdyarygglilnrrnvdkemelvqqlsaetqgelisvipraaeiqrgeeqgktvmelfpeteiaqsyrtlarhfievcghe
>Desulfitobacterium_dehalogenans_ATCC_51507  coded_by=1440069..1440827,organism=Desulfitobacterium dehalogenans ATCC 51507,definition=nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
miraaiygkggigkstttsnlavalsemgykvmqigcdpkadstrmltggrpiqtvlelvrskrddlqvgdfvqegyngvlcveaggpmpgigcagrgiitafdtlaemkayevyqpdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrgeytdvvfiitsgemmsmyaasniaaalanfrnrdyarygglilnrrnvdkemelvqqlsaetqgelisvipraaeiqrgeeqgktvmelfpeteiaqsyrtlarhfievcghe
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05583  coded_by=<1..>726,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05583,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmdeleeha
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C7  coded_by=114930..115757,organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaamayfhdkkvmihgcdpkadstrlilhgkqqttmmdtlrekgeeectpekvidvgfcgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqqgvyednldyvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkadeiyvvasgemmalyaannickgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgelellqefcdkigtqlihfvprdnivqkaefqkmavvdfddscnqaleykalaqkiidnknlvipnpmtmdeleeltskygfld
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3866  coded_by=<1..>590,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3866,definition=NifH
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihlnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>596,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>595,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelivelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Clostridium_lentocellum_DSM_5427  coded_by=463987..464751,organism=Clostridium lentocellum DSM 5427,definition=Nitrogenase
mrkiaiygkggigkstttsnltaaliekgykvmqigcdpkadsttnllsgeslitvldaikekggdveledivkigykgalcveaggptpgigcagrgiitafekleeldayniykpdiiiydvlgdvvcggfampirggyandvfivssgemmalyaasnissaiknfgtrgyaklggiilnsrnvedeenivnkaaeeigtkvvkkiprdghvqlaeqqgktvveaypesemakhylelaelilegtrheee
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgadyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlmlhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanntskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaetlagklgts
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=<1..>718,organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=NifH
nnklilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeelegs
>Lyngbya_sp._PCC_8106  coded_by=complement(63655..64557),organism=Lyngbya sp. PCC 8106,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqngnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlslaaergsvedlelddvllegfegikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnrevnlieelaerlntqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtciqyspdheqsaeyrtlakkieentkltiptpidndtleellinygllgseeeyakvreadekeqellkatnvkka
>Burkholderia_phymatum_STM815  coded_by=582554..583435,organism=Burkholderia phymatum STM815,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msqlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdssqagqyralaekihhnggngvvptpitmdqledllmekgimvqvdesrvgktaaelta
>Burkholderia_unamae  coded_by=<1..854,organism=Burkholderia unamae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsygvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqanehrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Azospirillum_amazonense_Y2  coded_by=9884..10768,organism=Azospirillum amazonense Y2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyavsggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqanhyrnlanrihnnagkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesmvgrtaaqlela
>Frankia_sp._AvsI4  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. AvsI4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6014  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6014,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtipslaanagsvedleikdvmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadpyrnlatkihnnag
>Cunninghamia_lanceolata  coded_by=395..1267,organism=Cunninghamia lanceolata,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Cunninghamia_lanceolata  coded_by=complement(133214..134086),organism=Cunninghamia lanceolata,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=complement(2406971..2407843),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=nitrogenase iron protein-2
msiqtprhiaiygkggigkstttsniaaalaeaghrviqvgcdpksdsttilrggaelptvldslrdrarkpkledisavgfwgvlcieaggpvpgvgcagrgisaavdlleelrvfetfapdyvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirdgiadrafvvtssdfmaifaannlfkaidkyapsggarlggiianslqldhargliddfahrtgtevvgyvprsvdvaqaelygqtvieaapysdqaeiyrklarrvtgdletrlpkplngpdlkdwardwgdrifgaeraaaarsa
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY629  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY629,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY452  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY452,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY441  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY441,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY414  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY414,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY413  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY413,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY386  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY386,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY301  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY301,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY300  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY300,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY298  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY298,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY296  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY296,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY294  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY294,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY283  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY283,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY282  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY282,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY281  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY281,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY280  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY280,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY272  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY272,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY271  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY271,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY262  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY262,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY259  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY259,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY258  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY258,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY168  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY168,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY167  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY167,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY166  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY166,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY164  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY164,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY160  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY160,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY159  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY159,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnvvqhael
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttshntlaaltelgqkilivgchpkadstrlilhanaqdtmlslaaeagsvddleledvmkigyrdirwvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvsggfalpfrqkkaqdiyivmsgeimamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkmgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilnqksqntvleeaarigtvedleledvlakgfgdiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivvsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11214  coded_by=<1..841,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11214,definition=NifH
smlsytlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealatrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH100  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH100,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapd
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH19  coded_by=<1..>577,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH19,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlvqlaknhgqkimivgcdpkadstrlvlntkaqstvlslaaekgtvedleleevvlpgfadiecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrly
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=complement(2896025..2896948),organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mkenvlatslikndkrqptvklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdliekyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylsiadqilarpegvvpndapdrelfsllsdfylnpgkpqvpnpeeeldlmiv
>Mankyua_chejuensis  coded_by=complement(135414..136286),organism=Mankyua chejuensis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mriavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqtkdyhyenvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafheydivlfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycivitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekahthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesqpnlqyacdfylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdfylnpynklektdikdasfdftii
>Mankyua_chejuensis  coded_by=complement(135418..136290),organism=Mankyua chejuensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mriavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqtkdyhyenvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafheydivlfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycivitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekahthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesqpnlqyacdfylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdfylnpynklektdikdasfdftii
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsk
>Fusobacterium_nucleatum_subsp._animalis_OT_420  coded_by=125386..126216,organism=Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. animalis OT 420,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstissnlsamisksgkkvlhigcdpkgdstrnlmgrkiptvisilkeknnlnrediiykgfngiecvetggpeagvgcagrgiittmeeledlkvfdeerdiiiydvlgdvvcggfavpmrekyadviyivtssefmsifaannimksiknfskmknikfgglihnqrnnnssinilkifadmtkskiigeipfskelikselngktiaemypnsnlynnflelsekilsnqddltfsplseeemeylaakilkeniyyeke
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-29  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-29,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakrlgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyasdsqqadhyrnlatrihnnggkgiiptpismd
>Pinus_morrisonicola  coded_by=<1..>645,organism=Pinus morrisonicola,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL subunit
dpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegiv
>Desulfosporosinus_orientis_DSM_765  coded_by=complement(5214194..5215021),organism=Desulfosporosinus orientis DSM 765,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlimhtkaqatvmdlarergtvedleldevlmegflgvkcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayneetdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyattgtvrlgglicnsrvvdkeleliealakrintqmihfmprdnevqraelrkqtvieynpthkqadeyralakkienntmhtiptplameeleellmeygimem
>Burkholderia_sp._mpig8.9  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Burkholderia sp. mpig8.9,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Burkholderia_sp._mpp5  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Burkholderia sp. mpp5,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Burkholderia_sp._mpp4  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Burkholderia sp. mpp4,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Burkholderia_sp._mpud5.2  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Burkholderia sp. mpud5.2,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Burkholderia_sp._mpud4.5  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Burkholderia sp. mpud4.5,definition=NifH
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicner
>Mesorhizobium_chacoense  coded_by=<1..620,organism=Mesorhizobium chacoense,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsrqageyralaekihanagqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelaakettpaaaq
>Mesorhizobium_huakuii  coded_by=<1..>660,organism=Mesorhizobium huakuii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyral
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlrdegedvelddicrdgfshtrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlnaygpgtgtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>455),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglaemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglsqktvldtlrtededvelddirkmgfsksicvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Rhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83475  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCBAU 83475,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelk
>Clostridium_botulinum_A2B3_87  coded_by=310396..311145,organism=Clostridium botulinum A2B3 87,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_sporogenes  coded_by=129566..130315,organism=Clostridium sporogenes,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_sporogenes  coded_by=129566..130315,organism=Clostridium sporogenes,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_sporogenes  coded_by=129566..130315,organism=Clostridium sporogenes,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_sporogenes  coded_by=112214..112963,organism=Clostridium sporogenes,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_sporogenes  coded_by=129566..130315,organism=Clostridium sporogenes,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum_A2_str._Kyoto  coded_by=869606..870355,organism=Clostridium botulinum A2 str. Kyoto,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum  coded_by=114387..115136,organism=Clostridium botulinum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntiaglaelgerimmvgcdpkadsmrlmlhskaqttmlhlaaeggavedleledvlltgykdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkgqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>Synergistes_sp._3_1_syn1  coded_by=complement(141604..142359),organism=Synergistes sp. 3_1_syn1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mikiaiygkggigksttasniaaafaqsgmrvmqigcdpkadstvnlrggrdvptvlelirnrgealtleemvtpgfagvlcaeaggpapglgcagrgiiaameklkekrafeiyrpdaviydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaekvfvvtsgenmaihaaaniaeavanfrsrgyatlggvilnrrnvpreeekaaelasdvaskvigalnfspvvqqaeerrqtvleafpdspmaeeyrelarrvlaacga
>Turicibacter_sp._HGF1  coded_by=2098..2847,organism=Turicibacter sp. HGF1,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalstlgykvmqigcdpkadstknlmngkfiptvlevmnqkgddtkledivfegyngvlcveaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafefyqpdiviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngyaeevyivtsgemmsmyaasnistainqfknrgyarlkglilnaknvenevelveklateidsqifhyiprdkdvqlsendgktviekikesqmanvylelatkltqai
>Turicibacter_sanguinis_PC909  coded_by=2109..2858,organism=Turicibacter sanguinis PC909,definition=nitrogenase reductase-like protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalstlgykvmqigcdpkadstknlmngkfiptvlevmnqkgddtkledivfegyngvlcveaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafefyqpdiviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngyaeevyivtsgemmsmyaasnistainqfknrgyarlkglilnaknvenevelveklateidsqifhyiprdkdvqlsendgktviekikesqmanvylelatkltqai
>Turicibacter_sanguinis  coded_by=complement(95763..96512),organism=Turicibacter sanguinis,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mrkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalstlgykvmqigcdpkadstknlmngkfiptvlevmnqkgddtkledivfegyngvlcveaggptpgvgcagrgiiaafekleelkafefyqpdiviydvlgdvvcggfsmpirngyaeevyivtsgemmsmyaasnistainqfknrgyarlkglilnaknvenevelveklateidsqifhyiprdkdvqlsendgktviekikesqmanvylelatkltqai
>Arthrospira_platensis_NIES-39  coded_by=4935418..4936284,organism=Arthrospira platensis NIES-39,definition=dark-operative protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyediwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanrisasvreksrthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvesvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslsyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpsvqtqedeldlmmv
>Arthrospira_sp._PCC_8005  coded_by=6752..7618,organism=Arthrospira sp. PCC 8005,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyediwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanrisasvreksrthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvesvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslsyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpsvqtqedeldlmmv
>Arthrospira_platensis_str._Paraca  coded_by=172670..173536,organism=Arthrospira platensis str. Paraca,definition=protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyediwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanrisasvreksrthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvesvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslsyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpsvqtqedeldlmmv
>Arthrospira_sp._PCC_8005  coded_by=4394682..4395548,organism=Arthrospira sp. PCC 8005,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyediwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanrisasvreksrthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvesvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslsyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpsvqtqedeldlmmv
>Heliorestis_daurensis  coded_by=<1..780,organism=Heliorestis daurensis,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
aemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqatvmdlardrgtvedleledvlltgyagircaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytsdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyatsgkvrlgglicnsrkvdkeyelidelakrlgtqmihflprdnqvqraelrrqtvieyspehpqadeyralarkidenkklvvpspltvdeledlllaygiledeetaaakla
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_51317  coded_by=<1..>773,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 51317,definition=nitrogen reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkiltvgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircveyggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvynnggkgiiptpismdel
>Azospirillum_sp._B510  coded_by=complement(872859..873755),organism=Azospirillum sp. B510,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makaplrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqageyralankihansgqgciptpitmeeleemlmdfgimkteeqqlaelaakeaakaga
>Rhizobium_hainanense  coded_by=<1..>781,organism=Rhizobium hainanense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gkggirksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmdeledml
>Frankia_sp._Mrp182  coded_by=1..864,organism=Frankia sp. Mrp182,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvglrgrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpknsqadeyrqlankivnndmktiptpitmdeleellidfgimaqedesvigkaaava
>Ptilidium_pulcherrimum  coded_by=complement(109042..109914),organism=Ptilidium pulcherrimum,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgrkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvesqstlkyvcefylniadqilskpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdfylnpvnvmdvsnnqknsidfmii
>Acidiphilium_sp._PM  coded_by=complement(1902..2831),organism=Acidiphilium sp. PM,definition=ChlL
mndispqagafpaaarcatgcgdgdgegsvqvaldpalridgakvfaiygkggigksttssnlsaafalqgrrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidalegvdfhpeelrvedfvyegfagvqcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleesdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaigakarnygvrlggvianrsaavdqlakyneatglstlarfpdldairrsrlkksvvfemedapeldavrtayldlaaslwagveplaavplrdreifdllgfe
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrxilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Chlorella_pyrenoidosa  coded_by=join(1..210,791..1483),organism=Chlorella pyrenoidosa,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase subunit ChlL
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviyqgygevdsveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanrivasvrekskthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvevcpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktvfemaesessltyicdfylniadqllsqpegvipheledrelfsllstfyltgnpqnqtqstnpgfanlnttgsseldfilv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>499,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstqmih
>Burkholderia_sp._Br3469  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Burkholderia sp. Br3469,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykeircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvig
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=<1..456,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdkeldlleafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlakninenkmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Rhizobium_yanglingense  coded_by=<1..>695,organism=Rhizobium yanglingense,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyanagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Cunninghamia_lanceolata  coded_by=<1..>702,organism=Cunninghamia lanceolata,definition=FrxC
sialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Chaetosphaeridium_globosum  coded_by=complement(120496..121368),organism=Chaetosphaeridium globosum,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesqeslnyvcdfylniadqilscpegvvpkevpdrelfsllsdfylnptlsekentlspssldfmmv
>Chaetosphaeridium_globosum  coded_by=98498..99370,organism=Chaetosphaeridium globosum,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesqeslnyvcdfylniadqilscpegvvpkevpdrelfsllsdfylnptlsekentlspssldfmmv
>Chlorobium_phaeobacteroides_DSM_266  coded_by=2043817..2044923,organism=Chlorobium phaeobacteroides DSM 266,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mpartiaiygkggigksftttnltatfammnktvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggislptvtevfakknsqnkqvtisdivfrrnsegfskpvygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdvleklgifewnidvilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilvtsndrqsiftannicqannyfktvggqsrllglivnrddgsgmaekyareagitvlmkvpydseardrddsfnfainlpeirekfrmlaedilenrirpceakgldfqqfvglfgqvsedapipateeelfgnnramkndkestrsetdeerkleeciaklpeeeqaiyrmvefqkrsiadianltaleeknvrellasartqlkkfffen
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33128  coded_by=<1..>674,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 33128,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkg
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvlkvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvlkvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>Nodularia_spumigena_AV1  coded_by=<1..>577,organism=Nodularia spumigena AV1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedieieevmltgfrnvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrntdreielietlakrlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqha
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp29  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp29,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._amp18  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. amp18,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._amp45  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. amp45,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._amp6  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. amp6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp36  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp36,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._amp34  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. amp34,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mcg5  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mcg5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mcg1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mcg1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp47  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp47,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp70  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp70,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp54  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp54,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp17  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp17,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp63  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp63,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._amp51  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. amp51,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CATux-40  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CATux-40,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvscdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqlsvlqmaadkgsvedlepeevirvgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddmdyisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyacnniskgilkyattgsvrlgglicnsrmtdreidlsdamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqlsvlqmaadkgsvedlepeevirvgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddmdyisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyacnniskgilkyattgsvrlgglicnsrmtdreidlsdamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqlsvlqmaadkgsvedlepeevirvgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddmdyisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyacnniskgilkyattgsvrlgglicnsrmtdreidlsdamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqlsvlqmaadkgsvedlepeevirvgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddmdyisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyacnniskgilkyattgsvrlgglicnsrmtdreidlsdamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqlsvlqmaadkgsvedlepeevirvgfkgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddmdyisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyacnniskgilkyattgsvrlgglicnsrmtdreidlsdamakklgtt
>Frankia_sp._32-75  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=Frankia sp. 32-75,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqha
>Oscillatoria_sp._PCC_6506  coded_by=11886..12788,organism=Oscillatoria sp. PCC 6506,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mtdekirqiafygkggigksttsqntiagmaelgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedveleevlltgyrdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdrelelietlakrlntqmlhfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyapqhpqaqeyrtlankiidnknltiptpismdeledllvefgilgddkefehlvgktadevpvtvgv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._BD56  coded_by=<1..>750,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. BD56,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmd
>Larix_occidentalis  coded_by=92010..92885,organism=Larix occidentalis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlihkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>Larix_decidua  coded_by=1..876,organism=Larix decidua,definition=light independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlihkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>Larix_decidua  coded_by=62558..63433,organism=Larix decidua,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlihkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaqlghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaqgsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methylocystis_minimus  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylocystis minimus,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleleevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=1941843..1942598,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=Nitrogenase
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaamglkvlqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlreqsdatleelvvesstgvlcveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldaytiyrpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaaanishavksfgkrgyaslrglilnaknfageqelvdkaaaeigapvlyrlprdpavqqaeaqgktvveafpdsemaghyralakhllegaakv
>Acetobacterium_woodii_DSM_1030  coded_by=complement(800419..801243),organism=Acetobacterium woodii DSM 1030,definition=nitrogenase iron protein AnfH
mrkvaiygkggigksttqqntaaamahfydkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdvlreqgaqkvtndkvirdgflgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeangaytddldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeevyivasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdrerefleeftaaigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvveydetenqakeygelarkiienknfvipkplsmdeleamvvkygiad
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntisgmaelgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqtsvlqlaaergavedvelqevlltgyrdvlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvfcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>747,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_PA1  coded_by=complement(5374467..5375360),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens PA1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniairnpvpirreegslqvgldpndrietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelraedfvvegyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihtksknygvrlggvianrsagtdeidrfnaavglrrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkatlfemeptpelkavtdeymqlaetlwagadpceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf119  coded_by=complement(488143..489036),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf119,definition=protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase
mniairnpvpirreegslqvgldpndrietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelraedfvvegyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihtksknygvrlggvianrsagtdeidrfnaavglrrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkatlfemeptpelkavtdeymqlaetlwagadpceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>Chloroherpeton_thalassium_ATCC_35110  coded_by=complement(1223362..1224186),organism=Chloroherpeton thalassium ATCC 35110,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllggliqktvldtlreegedvelddiikegysatrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgayddewnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneqemiqelarqlgtqmihfvprdnmvqraeinrktvidydpthsqadeyrtlakkidenemfvipkpleidalekllvdfgian
>Rhodovulum_sulfidophilum  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Rhodovulum sulfidophilum,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Selaginella_moellendorffii  coded_by=complement(<115889..>116764),organism=Selaginella moellendorffii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit chlL
tktavhgkggigksttsrntpvasarrgkrvsqtgcdpkhdstptltgsptptiidtlrskdyhyedarpedvthegyggvgraeaggppagagcggyavgetaklpkesnalheydiipsdvlgdvacggpasppnhadhrttitdngfdasfatnrtaasvrekarmhplrsaglignrtlkrdlldkyveacpmpvseappptehirvsrvkgktsfemvesqphpnyvcdshpdtadqalsqpegiapkevsdresssslsdshsnpirsegggndqenlldpakmir
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtakelelaeamakklgtq
>Cyanothece_sp._CCY0110  coded_by=144287..145159,organism=Cyanothece sp. CCY0110,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaalaennrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqttilhlaaergtvedieleevllegyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnceaelieelarrlgtqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtvieyspdhpqaqeyrelsrkienntnlviptpitmeeleellvdfgilggedeyekviqadkaagka
>Rhizobium_etli_CNPAF512  coded_by=complement(306..1199),organism=Rhizobium etli CNPAF512,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_etli_CIAT_652  coded_by=complement(384080..384973),organism=Rhizobium etli CIAT 652,definition=nitrogenase protein, NifH
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_etli_CIAT_652  coded_by=340185..341078,organism=Rhizobium etli CIAT 652,definition=nitrogenase protein, NifH
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_etli_CFN_42  coded_by=complement(323554..324447),organism=Rhizobium etli CFN 42,definition=nitrogenase, iron protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_etli_CFN_42  coded_by=281358..282251,organism=Rhizobium etli CFN 42,definition=nitrogenase, iron protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_etli_CFN_42  coded_by=complement(220064..220957),organism=Rhizobium etli CFN 42,definition=nitrogenase, iron protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_phaseoli  coded_by=201..1094,organism=Rhizobium phaseoli,definition=R.phaseoli plasmid p42-D nitrogenase reductase gene (nifH), region c
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_phaseoli  coded_by=201..1094,organism=Rhizobium phaseoli,definition=R.phaseoli plasmid p42-D nitrogenase reductase gene (nifH), region b
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_phaseoli  coded_by=201..1094,organism=Rhizobium phaseoli,definition=R.phaseoli plasmid p42-D nitrogenase reductase gene (nifH), region a
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_etli_CIAT_652  coded_by=complement(288961..289854),organism=Rhizobium etli CIAT 652,definition=nitrogenase protein, NifH
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_phaseoli_Ch24-10  coded_by=complement(110918..111811),organism=Rhizobium phaseoli Ch24-10,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_phaseoli_Ch24-10  coded_by=68723..69616,organism=Rhizobium phaseoli Ch24-10,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Rhizobium_phaseoli_Ch24-10  coded_by=complement(16224..17117),organism=Rhizobium phaseoli Ch24-10,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavvaaq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._IRBG_228  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. IRBG 228,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttlqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdel
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdel
>Cedrus_deodara  coded_by=42305..43180,organism=Cedrus deodara,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>Chromerida_sp._RM11  coded_by=82520..83353,organism=Chromerida sp. RM11,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedvihrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanrivasvrekarthalrlaglignrtakrdlidkyletvpvpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktifeiceqepalvsvcgyylniadqllaqpegvvpreaadrdlfsllsdfylapssvsrp
>Chromerida_sp._RM11  coded_by=complement(60404..61237),organism=Chromerida sp. RM11,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedvihrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanrivasvrekarthalrlaglignrtakrdlidkyletvpvpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktifeiceqepalvsvcgyylniadqllaqpegvvpreaadrdlfsllsdfylapssvsrp
>Rhizobium_etli  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Rhizobium etli,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqa
>Brevundimonas_subvibrioides_ATCC_15264  coded_by=3145519..3146427,organism=Brevundimonas subvibrioides ATCC 15264,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtitlempqtlkrrppdgagsvqvemdatlnigtakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsllgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidvletvnfhseelrpedyvyegfngvrcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhaeralvvtandfdsifamnrivaaikaksknyqvrlggiianrssgtdeidrfnaaiglkriahfrdldeirrsrlkksvvfemdgsdeleaakaeymrlaqslwdgmeaieaepmrdrdifeflgfdq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aai25  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aai25,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelalaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._aai2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. aai2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelalaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DcE3.5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DcE3.5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelalaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApT12  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApT12,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelalaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApCV2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApCV2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelalaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApB16  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApB16,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelalaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..825,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifH
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11185  coded_by=<1..825,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11185,definition=NifH
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>Methanopyrus_kandleri_AV19  coded_by=complement(1444991..1445791),organism=Methanopyrus kandleri AV19,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
mkriavygkggigkstiaanvaaalaeegyrvmlvgcdpkadstltlagrriptvmheyrrkgeglklediivegdfgvlcvesggpkpgvgcagrgvlkalemltrmgafedvdvvifdvlgdvvcggfalpirrgyadtvfvvtssepmslyaannicrgiaeyadrggaklggvihnrrsrdsdsrvvtefcrriraeliydlfymeevrkaesryrtvirefpdsdaaeafrelahrmletegvvpqpleeeevlrlagvrf
>Frankia_sp._NRRLB-16219  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. NRRLB-16219,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrl
>Frankia_sp._BCU110345  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. BCU110345,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrl
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlrdegedvelddicrdgfsntrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlnaygpgtgtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvgyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsk
>Desulfovibrio_fructosovorans_JJ  coded_by=complement(12358..13104),organism=Desulfovibrio fructosovorans JJ,definition=Nitrogenase
mikiaiygkggigkstvtsslsaalslegrkvmqigcdpktdstinllrgltpppilqylqehgrpasldeiartgfggttclevggptpgvgcfgrgmltafelleemnayatyapdvvlydiladivcggiavpmregfadkvaivtsgekmallaarniilalrhfadrhyaelgglilncrdmadekarvedfaakmdttilgviprdraihafeeegrtivegdpglptslefrnlartmmgl
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>701,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Methanothermococcus_okinawensis_IH1  coded_by=complement(1137019..1137870),organism=Methanothermococcus okinawensis IH1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msfdeiapdakkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaamayyfnkkvmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqktimdvlreegeegvtlekvrkagfkdilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdmmrelegypddldnlffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglaqevyivtsgemmalyaanniakgilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekelidefvdklgtklvhfvprdnivqkaefnkmtvvefdpecnqaneyktlakninendelviptpltmdeleglvlkyglld
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>570,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmeyeliselarclgtq
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._HMD89  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. HMD89,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmal
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._HMD88  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. HMD88,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmal
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=complement(4345719..4346546),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalahfhdknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqatvmdtlriegaekvtldkvvksgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickgltkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekeflaeftkaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefqpdanqaheykelgrkiienedfvipkpmamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Ephedra_equisetina  coded_by=complement(90937..91806),organism=Ephedra equisetina,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalsrrgnkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqikhyhyediwyedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdqydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyanyciiivdngfdalfaanritasirekarthllrlaglvgnrtykrdlinkyveacpmpiievlpliehirvsrvrgktlfemvgsepclhyvceyylsiadqllsqpegivprempdreifrvlsdvyrkpsgqeknpnsekfmefsii
>Ephedra_equisetina  coded_by=78355..79224,organism=Ephedra equisetina,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalsrrgnkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqikhyhyediwyedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdqydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyanyciiivdngfdalfaanritasirekarthllrlaglvgnrtykrdlinkyveacpmpiievlpliehirvsrvrgktlfemvgsepclhyvceyylsiadqllsqpegivprempdreifrvlsdvyrkpsgqeknpnsekfmefsii
>Cyanophora_paradoxa  coded_by=132169..133017,organism=Cyanophora paradoxa,definition=ChlL
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltghliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfasplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthqlrlaglignrttksdliekytenvpipilqllpliedirisrvkgktlfemsesnpelspicdyylniadqilakpegiipnevldrdlftllsdfylnmdssessnltlv
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae_CCNWGS0123  coded_by=complement(20656..21549),organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae CCNWGS0123,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
marlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimkteeqmlaelqaketpkaaaq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(224987..225862),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=putative nitrogenase NifH subunit
manklkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagykvmqfgadpkadstntlrggayipsvldllaerrrvdayeaifqgfggiycveaggpqpgvgcagrgiitavellkqqrvfeeldldyviydvlgdvvcggfavpvregiaehvftvsssdfmavyaannlfrgierfsnsggallggiiansintdfqrdviddfaartatpivqyvprsltvtqaelsgrttieaapqsaqadiyrqlarriaehteskvptpldpqqlrewssswadrlvaaeqaeaerdrava
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Clostridium_sp._SY8519  coded_by=1678283..1679053,organism=Clostridium sp. SY8519,definition=hypothetical protein
mlklaiygkggigkstmtsnlaaafavlgkkviqigcdpkadstinllegepllpvmdylreheeepdsieqisrrgfgdilcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfnlleelelfetcqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyagkvlivtsgekmalyaadniyravqnfedrgyasvggiifnrrnipdeeqkvtafakerhleivgdiprndeinryeeqgktviegdpdlpisrrfldlarrlldenareete
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_NCIMB_11163  coded_by=complement(1636782..1637669),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis NCIMB 11163,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlklgykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleehgayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyagtggvrlgglicnerqtdreyelaealakrlnsklihfvprnnivqhaelrkqtvlqyapdsdqaneyrelarkihensgkgtiptpitmeeleemllefgimkteeqelaelaakesavak
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglaylgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45515  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 45515,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiistpis
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlimnvkaqntvlslaaeagsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlimnvkaqntvlslaaeagsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakklnsk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlimnvkaqntvlslaaeagsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvcydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakklnsk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdrddelimelarrln
>uncultured_marine_type-A_Synechococcus_5B2  coded_by=38952..39842,organism=uncultured marine type-A Synechococcus 5B2,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttltrpadgegsvqvhqdpslniqeetlviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfvftgyngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivqaiqakaknykvrlggvvanrsaatdqidkfnertglrtmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemddddeavqavrqeylrlaqnmlekvepleatslkdreifdllgfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_51159  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 51159,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgmlkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._TSA27s  coded_by=<1..>629,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. TSA27s,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrklaakih
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Frankia_sp._CeF  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=Frankia sp. CeF,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlytqkihfiprnnvvqh
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>701,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
dlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>701,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
dlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Vaucheria_litorea  coded_by=complement(79006..79878),organism=Vaucheria litorea,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase subunit
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalsrrgkkilqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviykgygavdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthtlrlaglignrtstrdlinkyidtvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaefdnsleyvcdyylniadqlianpegvipkeaadrelfsllsdfylnpttenqkindfslleeiiqn
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaalaemghrilivrcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleleevmkigygdircvesggpeagvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyenircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_375  coded_by=complement(27165..28070),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 375,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mnvtlrpplttaprrpdgagsvqvqmdpnlvigtarvfsvygkggigksttssnlsvalsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidileqvnfhseelrpddfvyqgyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivaandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksrnypvrlggvianrsaatdqidkfnerigmktlahfpdldvirksrlkkctlfemepspdveraqneylrlaasllagvepiqatplrdrdifdllgfd
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY637  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY637,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY636  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY636,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY634  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY634,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY623  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY623,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY622  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY622,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY605  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY605,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY604  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY604,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY595  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY595,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY504  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY504,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY492  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY492,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY490  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY490,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY489  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY489,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY487  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY487,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY485  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY485,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY481  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY481,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY480  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY480,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY478  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY478,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY476  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY476,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY471  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY471,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY468  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY468,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY465  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY465,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY454  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY454,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY453  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY453,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY449  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY449,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY432  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY432,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY431  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY431,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY425  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY425,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY421  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY421,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY420  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY420,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY419  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY419,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY418  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY418,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY417  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY417,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY411  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY411,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY410  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY410,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY409  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY409,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY407  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY407,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY406  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY406,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY403  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY403,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY396  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY396,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY395  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY395,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY385  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY385,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY368  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY368,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY326  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY326,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY317  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY317,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY315  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY315,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY314  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY314,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY312  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY312,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY307  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY307,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY306  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY306,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY303  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY303,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY288  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY288,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY286  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY286,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY285  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY285,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY284  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY284,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY270  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY270,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY257  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY257,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY256  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY256,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY255  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY255,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY251  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY251,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY170  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY170,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY169  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY169,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY162  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY162,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY161  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY161,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY158  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY158,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY156  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY156,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Sequoiadendron_giganteum  coded_by=433..1305,organism=Sequoiadendron giganteum,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkdqnnkenllgftti
>Sequoia_sempervirens  coded_by=455..1327,organism=Sequoia sempervirens,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkdqnnkenllgftti
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>592,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=complement(203575..204477),organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=probable nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigkstiasniaaayaerglntlmigcdpksdctrnlcgeveiptildvsrdkeierlgldelvegnkieldeviykgysgvycsecggpkpgfgcagrgvivaidllkrlkvfeelkpdvviydvlgdvvcggfamplrkgladevyivtsvdylavyaannickgisefadkggsplggiiynvrgmlddeavvsdfaekvgsqvighipnayliaeaeiegktvieyapdseianlfrklaqgiytntltsvpapleqkemmkigqlirkrtkekykhragdmntni
>Mesorhizobium_sp._SCAU2  coded_by=<1..>845,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. SCAU2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
kkhdgkwtiygkggigksttsqntlaalvglgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmddledmlisrgspgtede
>Ethanoligenens_harbinense_YUAN-3  coded_by=complement(1704337..1705161),organism=Ethanoligenens harbinense YUAN-3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaalayrmnkkimvvgcdpkadstrmllgglqqkttldtlreegedveldsillegfhgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsiglleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgelmaiyaannickgiqkyansggvrlggiicnsrnvdrerdlieafakalgsqmiffvprdnivqraeinkktvtefepestqglaykslaeavehnelfvipkplpipeleklmsdyglmdi
>Pinus_johannis  coded_by=92073..92948,organism=Pinus johannis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_kwangtungensis  coded_by=91395..92270,organism=Pinus kwangtungensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_parviflora_var._pentaphylla  coded_by=90528..91403,organism=Pinus parviflora var. pentaphylla,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_armandii  coded_by=91479..92354,organism=Pinus armandii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_aristata  coded_by=92491..93366,organism=Pinus aristata,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_albicaulis  coded_by=91645..92520,organism=Pinus albicaulis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_squamata  coded_by=92232..93107,organism=Pinus squamata,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_sibirica  coded_by=91050..91925,organism=Pinus sibirica,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_rzedowskii  coded_by=91990..92865,organism=Pinus rzedowskii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_nelsonii  coded_by=92296..93171,organism=Pinus nelsonii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_lambertiana  coded_by=91478..92353,organism=Pinus lambertiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_gerardiana  coded_by=92193..93068,organism=Pinus gerardiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_krempfii  coded_by=92005..92880,organism=Pinus krempfii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_koraiensis  coded_by=91342..92217,organism=Pinus koraiensis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase Fe protein
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_amamiana  coded_by=90911..91786,organism=Pinus amamiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_bungeana  coded_by=92388..93263,organism=Pinus bungeana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_cembroides  coded_by=92081..92956,organism=Pinus cembroides,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_culminicola  coded_by=91956..92831,organism=Pinus culminicola,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_discolor  coded_by=91974..92849,organism=Pinus discolor,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_edulis  coded_by=91619..92494,organism=Pinus edulis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_maximartinezii  coded_by=92259..93134,organism=Pinus maximartinezii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_morrisonicola  coded_by=90810..91685,organism=Pinus morrisonicola,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_pinceana  coded_by=92167..93042,organism=Pinus pinceana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_pumila  coded_by=90823..91698,organism=Pinus pumila,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_quadrifolia  coded_by=91880..92755,organism=Pinus quadrifolia,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_remota  coded_by=92026..92901,organism=Pinus remota,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>Pinus_wallichiana  coded_by=91296..92171,organism=Pinus wallichiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkkiqenflgftri
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqha
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlrdegedvelddicrngfshtrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlnaygpdtgtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirexkaeeiyivvsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._102-Evora  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. 102-Evora,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._98-Evora  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. 98-Evora,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._94-Evora  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. 94-Evora,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._90-Evora  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. 90-Evora,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CV-18-Elvas  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CV-18-Elvas,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._85-Elvas  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. 85-Elvas,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._78-Elvas  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. 78-Elvas,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_loti  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium loti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._64b-Beja  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. 64b-Beja,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._STR-2-Santarem  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. STR-2-Santarem,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._S-26-Sintra  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. S-26-Sintra,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._LM-9-Lamego  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. LM-9-Lamego,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._G-55-Guarda  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. G-55-Guarda,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._C-9-Coimbra  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. C-9-Coimbra,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkt
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3080  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3080,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfvmpirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlggmicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._GZL13-3  coded_by=<1..>777,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. GZL13-3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
gkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledm
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsidfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_01557  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 01557,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_01597  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 01597,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_01577  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 01577,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>496,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtqlmh
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtnkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkgfelisalaaklgtq
>Chloroherpeton_thalassium_ATCC_35110  coded_by=3273461..3274696,organism=Chloroherpeton thalassium ATCC 35110,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
maartiaiygkggigksfittnlsatvcktgrrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggvslptvtevfakknlqhshiqiedvvfkrrldgferdifgielggpevgrgcggrgiisgfeileklglfkwdldvilmdflgdvvcggfatplsrslceevilvvsndrqsifaanniclannyfnasgsnskllgiivnrddgsgiaeryaeaaginvlmklpynseardkadsfdlamrlpeierpfreltekllngelsycspkglsyeefmslfgeisgnrpasasfadlhlaskpevdidrlgvetiqnlstiksaesetqngnalpkqaefepneaektpkkpqpkalseqekllfcieqlpplerdlislhdiekksveeiaiikqleqadiratlgnarkslkrlffemd
>Rhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83476  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCBAU 83476,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA6  coded_by=complement(252507..253379),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA6,definition=vanadium nitrogenase iron protein
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqgtvmemaasagsvedleledvlqigfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaysddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyahsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnvvqhaeirrmtvieydpkagqadeyralarkivdnkllvipnpasmeeleellmefgimevedesvvgkaaaeg
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_CA  coded_by=complement(252507..253379),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii CA,definition=vanadium nitrogenase iron protein
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqgtvmemaasagsvedleledvlqigfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaysddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyahsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnvvqhaeirrmtvieydpkagqadeyralarkivdnkllvipnpasmeeleellmefgimevedesvvgkaaaeg
>Azotobacter_vinelandii_DJ  coded_by=complement(252507..253379),organism=Azotobacter vinelandii DJ,definition=vanadium nitrogenase iron protein
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqgtvmemaasagsvedleledvlqigfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaysddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyahsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnvvqhaeirrmtvieydpkagqadeyralarkivdnkllvipnpasmeeleellmefgimevedesvvgkaaaeg
>Pinus_heldreichii  coded_by=92886..93761,organism=Pinus heldreichii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelxsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=86138..87043,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mnvtlrpplttaprrpdgagsvqvqmdpnlvignarvfsvygkggigksttssnlsvalsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidileqvnfhseelrpddfvyqgyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivaandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksrnypvrlggvianrsaatdqidkfnerigmttlahfpdldvirksrlkkctlfemepspdveraqneylrlaasllagvepihamalkdrdifdllgfd
>Juniperus_communis  coded_by=<1..>702,organism=Juniperus communis,definition=FrxC
sialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpke
>Phaeospirillum_molischianum_DSM_120  coded_by=complement(109439..110317),organism=Phaeospirillum molischianum DSM 120,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
mprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilncklqdtvlhlaaqagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalfaanniakgilkyagvggvrigglicnerqtdreldlaetmakrlntqmihfvprhnivqhaelrrqtviqyapdssqadeyrslatkihanagkgtiptpitmeeledmlvefgimksdeeqlaeiqakdaagl
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9312  coded_by=complement(507116..508003),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9312,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtstinkpldgegsvqvkqdpkinieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrptdfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaikakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfnertglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvievqneylslaknmlenveplegnplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9311  coded_by=complement(14207..15094),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9311,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtstinkpldgegsvqvkqdpkinieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrptdfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaikakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfnertglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvievqneylslaknmlenveplegnplkdreifdllgfd
>Mesorhizobium_sp._R46045  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. R46045,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_sp._R46043  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. R46043,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_sp._R46042  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. R46042,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>Blautia_hydrogenotrophica_CAG:147  coded_by=complement(16748..17512),organism=Blautia hydrogenotrophica CAG:147,definition=putative uncharacterized protein
mikmaiygkggigksttasnlslafakmglkvmqigcdpkadstsylhgnhsvdtvldlirkkgksvpleelvtegaggvlcveaggptpgmgcagrgiiaaletleekdafeiyepdivlydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaekvflltsgenmaihaaaniamavenfedrgyaslggiilnsrnvprerekvqelaedihseivgilpfseevqkaeeqrktvmeafpdgemaaryqelarqvltackkeev
>Blautia_hydrogenotrophica_DSM_10507  coded_by=1906..2670,organism=Blautia hydrogenotrophica DSM 10507,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikmaiygkggigksttasnlslafakmglkvmqigcdpkadstsylhgnhsvdtvldlirkkgksvpleelvtegaggvlcveaggptpgmgcagrgiiaaletleekdafeiyepdivlydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaekvflltsgenmaihaaaniamavenfedrgyaslggiilnsrnvprerekvqelaedihseivgilpfseevqkaeeqrktvmeafpdgemaaryqelarqvltackkeev
>Blautia_hydrogenotrophica  coded_by=complement(426000..426764),organism=Blautia hydrogenotrophica,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mikmaiygkggigksttasnlslafakmglkvmqigcdpkadstsylhgnhsvdtvldlirkkgksvpleelvtegaggvlcveaggptpgmgcagrgiiaaletleekdafeiyepdivlydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaekvflltsgenmaihaaaniamavenfedrgyaslggiilnsrnvprerekvqelaedihseivgilpfseevqkaeeqrktvmeafpdgemaaryqelarqvltackkeev
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=421247..422083,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=putative nitrogenase subunit nifH
mcrrialygkggigkstiasnlaaalagsglnvlligcdpkadstrnltregipsvletlarseevsiqnllhtgdfgvscvesggpeagigcaglgisttleeltrlgvydmdwdiilydvlgdvvcggfsvpmrkkhvdtvyivtsadfmslyaannilksvkrysytekpllggilhnradsakeravvqefcrktnsayiaamgqsteirlaelqrqtvlkaysdgaaaqaflelgrrmagpgqasvptplcpqdmdavgaailrllqdeeage
>Rhizobium_gallicum  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Rhizobium gallicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Chroococcidiopsis_thermalis_PCC_7203  coded_by=<1..>722,organism=Chroococcidiopsis thermalis PCC 7203,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sqntiaglaelgerimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgykdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdqeielietlaarlntqmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieyapncnqaneyralakkikendkltiptpi
>Frankia_sp._AiBp5  coded_by=<1..>606,organism=Frankia sp. AiBp5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qqntmaamaeagqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsliqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaahniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrpntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaalmdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilsvaadagsvedlelddvmnigyndircvesggpepgvggagrglitsinfleengaydgvdydsydelgdvvcgglamairenkaqdiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfalpirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11270  coded_by=<1..>742,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11270,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealatrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelgeha
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11217  coded_by=<1..>742,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11217,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealatrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelgeha
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11214  coded_by=<1..>741,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11214,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealatrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdelgeha
>Rhizobium_sp._FB2405  coded_by=<1..>743,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB2405,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpitm
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>Methanococcoides_burtonii_DSM_6242  coded_by=1120382..1121176,organism=Methanococcoides burtonii DSM 6242,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msvqkriaiygkggigksstasnvaaacadegytvmiigcdpksdssitllggkriptildllrkekdvkeedvvftgyngvkcvevggpepgigcagrgiivaiqtlkkisktlnemdliiydvpgdivcggfvapirkglvkeayvltsgeymplyaannicrglakintplsgiicnsrsvsrekeivtkfaseigtdlmafipkeqivqdcerdgfsvmekapdssiaqvyrdlakaimqrdtsvmpvaldderlreltr
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis  coded_by=<1..>657,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaemlgtklihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvieydp
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>579,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>579,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerrtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=complement(<1..>570),organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgt
>Rhizobium_tropici  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Rhizobium tropici,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqageyrtlaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Rhizobium_tropici  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Rhizobium tropici,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqageyrtlaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Rhizobium_tropici  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Rhizobium tropici,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqageyrtlaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Rhizobium_tropici  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Rhizobium tropici,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapeskqageyrtlaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
alvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqy
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilmvgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttllhvaaekgavedvdleevlktgfanircvesggpdpgvgcagrgiimainfleengayeeldllsydvfgevvcgglampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmdel
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dps3  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dps3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlat
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaxeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=complement(3764253..3765332),organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msrrpprprwlgpawrparisacfptanaaapmrrafpasptspsasmtgaltprpsltaksprncktmakelkqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagyrvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggtyipsvldllranarvdaheaifegfggiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavellnqqnvfeeldldyvvfdvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaqhvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgiqkysnaggallggviansintdfqrqiiddfvartetqivqyvprsltvtqselqgkttieaaptseqadiyrtlaqrivahteskvptpldpqelrdwsaswadtliaqekvayhphalvs
>Sphingomonas_azotifigens  coded_by=<1..>726,organism=Sphingomonas azotifigens,definition=dinitrogenase reductase subunit
gigkwttsqntlaaladlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakklgtqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqadeyrqlaqkihnnagka
>Ectothiorhodospira_mobilis  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Ectothiorhodospira mobilis,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqtlvaalaeagkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqetimqmaadagsvedleledvlktgyagikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Methanosarcina_acetivorans_C2A  coded_by=4789281..4790102,organism=Methanosarcina acetivorans C2A,definition=nitrogenase (iron protein)
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaalstmgnnillvgcdpkadstrmllgglnqktvldtlrsegdegidldtvlqpgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllenlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgelmaiyaannickglakfakggarlggiicnsrkvdgerelleafakklgshlihfvprdnivqraeinrktvidfdresdqakeyltladnvqnnnklvvptplpmeeleammvefgivel
>Staurastrum_punctulatum  coded_by=complement(24694..25563),organism=Staurastrum punctulatum,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpsqnyvcdfylniadqilsksegvvprevpdrelfsllsdfylnqpssstnnsetnnldflmv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttthnmvaglaymgkkviivgcepkadstrlimhakadktvmdlvrelgtvddleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaikfleengaytpdldlvfyqvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3060  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3060,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM3068  coded_by=<1..>635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM3068,definition=NifH
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Methanoplanus_petrolearius_DSM_11571  coded_by=2382919..2383743,organism=Methanoplanus petrolearius DSM 11571,definition=Nitrogenase
mkqialygkggigksttsanlsaalseksleilqigcdpkhdstrmlmhgewiptvldlvrkkgeaniavdeivfkgyngircveaggpepgigcagrgiiatfqlleklnalygdvivydvlgdvvcggfampmregyaqevylvtsgdfmalyaannickaiarlskrtknrctlggvicnsanieneyelvkefaekinsklvayiprspivrvsevnrktvieyapeseqadiyrkladtimenvpdknripvpmemdeleslslkyikt
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH10  coded_by=<1..>567,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH10,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlaealakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyap
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH6  coded_by=<1..>567,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlaealakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyap
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=complement(5067706..5068605),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntkmqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealakrlnsklihfvpranivqhaelrrqtvieyapdsqqakeyrmlaekvhansgqgtiptpitmeeleqmlldfgimktdeqalaelaaaeaakaaaata
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvtgawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelivelarrly
>Cyanothece_sp._CCY0110  coded_by=16477..17346,organism=Cyanothece sp. CCY0110,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit; ChlL
mtltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemtendpsldyvcnyylniadqllampegvvpndaqdrelftllsdfylnpqapkqteedeldlmmv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6101  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6101,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lsemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykeircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaqqgsvedleledvmkigyrnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methyloversatilis_universalis_FAM5  coded_by=315979..316998,organism=Methyloversatilis universalis FAM5,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase 35.5 kDa chain
mteacgggavstikfdltkvlraeaaidpdpvadgeitkqtqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsskkklagedvgigdvcfirdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagvvinrddgtgeaarfadaagipvlatipanddirrksasyeiigrpgsqwaplfeelatnvaeappvrpkpmsqdgllglfaadvtgrdyvmtpatvadmlgredvarpslevvydtv
>Methanosarcina_barkeri_str._Fusaro  coded_by=complement(193718..194539),organism=Methanosarcina barkeri str. Fusaro,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaslstmgnkimlvgcdpkadstrmllgglnqktvldtlrsegdegvdldvvmqrgfgdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllenlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgelmaiyaannickglakfakggarlggiicnsrnvdgerelldafakklgsqlihfiprdnivqraeinrktvidfdpesnqakeyltlahnvqnndklvvptplpmeelesmmvefgivdm
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmavyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>Methanothermobacter_thermautotrophicus_str._Delta_H  coded_by=1426796..1427695,organism=Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus str. Delta H,definition=nitrogenase NifH subunit
mfqqlkivgrqkhtsgnvedgewcmvrkiaiygkggigksttqqntaaamsyfhgknvmihgcdpkadstrlilggkmqttmmdtlrelgevactpdkvietgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmerhgvyekdldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkaeeiyivasgemmalyaannickgmvkyarqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekelleefcerigtqmihfvprdnivqkaefnkksviefdpecnqsqeyrelarkiienkdfvipepmtmdemeelvvkygvmd
>Sinorhizobium_sp._S005  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. S005,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgviasinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlae
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=721..1602,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=Azospirillum brasilense NifH gene
mslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlasalaarlgtqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsqqaqeyrqlankvhankgkgtiptpitmeeleemlmdfgimkseeqqlaelqakeaaka
>Azospirillum_brasilense  coded_by=361..1242,organism=Azospirillum brasilense,definition=A.brasilense Fe protein and FeMo protein subunits and 353 bp orf, complete cds
mslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlasalaarlgtqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsqqaqeyrqlankvhankgkgtiptpitmeeleemlmdfgimkseeqqlaelqakeaaka
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=complement(1186660..1187541),organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
mslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlasalaarlgtqlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdsqqaqeyrqlankvhankgkgtiptpitmeeleemlmdfgimkseeqqlaelqakeaaka
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-6  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-6,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhknggkgiiptpis
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcxgrgvitsinfxeengayddvdyvsyxvlgdvvcggfxmpirenkaqeiyivmsgemxalyaanniargilkyxsagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpit
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqttiaglaemghrimivgcdpkadstrlmlqskaqttilhlaaeggavddleleevlltgyqkvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaledfdfvsydvlgdvvwggfamairegkaqeiymvtsgemmamyaanni
>Leptolyngbya_boryana_IAM_M-101  coded_by=210..1070,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana IAM M-101,definition=dinitrogenase reductase-like protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwaedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdliekyvdavpmpilevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilanpegvvpkdaadrdlfsllsdfylnpqqpktaeeeldlmmv
>Leptolyngbya_boryana  coded_by=703816..704676,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana,definition=CHLL, Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwaedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdliekyvdavpmpilevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilanpegvvpkdaadrdlfsllsdfylnpqqpktaeeeldlmmv
>Leptolyngbya_boryana_IAM_M-101  coded_by=703816..704676,organism=Leptolyngbya boryana IAM M-101,definition=CHLL, Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwaedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdliekyvdavpmpilevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilanpegvvpkdaadrdlfsllsdfylnpqqpktaeeeldlmmv
>Thermincola_potens_JR  coded_by=680833..681651,organism=Thermincola potens JR,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkrvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegedidledimregyggtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgayednldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaannickgikkyaqsggvrlggiicnsrkvdnelellqhfakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeinkktvidydpthpqadeyrtlarnidgndmfvipspmtqdrleellmehgild
>Thermincola_ferriacetica  coded_by=51514..52332,organism=Thermincola ferriacetica,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkrvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtlrdegedidledimregyggtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgayednldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaannickgikkyaqsggvrlggiicnsrkvdnelellqhfakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeinkktvidydpthpqadeyrtlarnidgndmfvipspmtqdrleellmehgild
>Platycladus_orientalis  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Platycladus orientalis,definition=FrxC
scnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05631  coded_by=<1..>713,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05631,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdshqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmd
>Methylocystis_echinoides  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylocystis echinoides,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcgafampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>511,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifH
dstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvpr
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>510,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifH
dstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvpr
>Roseiflexus_castenholzii_DSM_13941  coded_by=complement(5244117..5244938),organism=Roseiflexus castenholzii DSM 13941,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvafygkggigksttqqntaaalasmgyrlmvvgcdpkadctrlllrgvrqpsvldtlrdvgpesvqlekvvvqgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcggrgvitaiqtletlgaykddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaeeiyivcsgeymalfaannickgikkfaergyarlgglvcnsrlveneqalvkefarrlntkmihfiprskdvqraeinkktvidydpdlpqaqeyrelarkidendeftiptpitqeeledlmreygivd
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY321  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY321,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY155  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY155,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelitelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelitelarrln
>Methylocystis_methanolicus  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylocystis methanolicus,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcgafampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methanococcus_aeolicus_Nankai-3  coded_by=complement(1292304..1293140),organism=Methanococcus aeolicus Nankai-3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mvrkfcvygkggigkstnvsniaaalaesgkkvmvigcdpkadstrnlmgrkiptvldalrkngannleledivfkgfgetycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidilnrleafetikpdviiydilgdvvcggfamplqkhladdvyivttcdpmaiyaannickgikryanrgkvalggiiysgrsvinepsiveefaskigtnvmgkvpmsniitkaeiykktvieyapdsdvsevfrkladtiykndkkvvpkplseegideitekiddliknti
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesgdpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Halorhodospira_halophila_SL1  coded_by=complement(311670..312545),organism=Halorhodospira halophila SL1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqaaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaekgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqntvmhlaaeagsvedleledvlqvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamfaanniakgvvkysssggvrmaglicnsrntdredelienlasrlgtqmigfiprdnmvqhaeirrmtvieynpecnqadvyreladnvinnknlvvptplsmddledllmefgileeedesivgqkadesasa
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalvelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleladvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampicenkaqeiyvvmsgemmamyaan
>Rhodovulum_strictum  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Rhodovulum strictum,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalveldqrilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Brevundimonas_subvibrioides_ATCC_15264  coded_by=complement(3119775..3120767),organism=Brevundimonas subvibrioides ATCC 15264,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtitlishkalreeakqepdpvhtgevtketqiiaiygkggsgksfalsnlsymmaqqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkscptiiqtsaakkltgeevkiedvcfqrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrrlggnvgvagmiinkddgtgeaaafadavgipvlasipanedirrksanyqiigtpdsewgslfaglaeavslslpqhpkpltqdgllglfdpdttgaavtlipatqsdmrgvdfvpkasleviydeav
>Clostridium_butyricum  coded_by=43145..43966,organism=Clostridium butyricum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgkhimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreagedidlddimktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdreldllkafaeelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlarnidgnqmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_butyricum_DORA_1  coded_by=complement(142465..143286),organism=Clostridium butyricum DORA_1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 2
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgkhimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreagedidlddimktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdreldllkafaeelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlarnidgnqmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_butyricum_E4_str._BoNT_E_BL5262  coded_by=542793..543614,organism=Clostridium butyricum E4 str. BoNT E BL5262,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgkhimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreagedidlddimktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdreldllkafaeelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlarnidgnqmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_butyricum_DKU-01  coded_by=71218..72039,organism=Clostridium butyricum DKU-01,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgkhimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreagedidlddimktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdreldllkafaeelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlarnidgnqmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_butyricum_60E.3  coded_by=complement(146452..147273),organism=Clostridium butyricum 60E.3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 5
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgkhimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreagedidlddimktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdreldllkafaeelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlarnidgnqmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_sp._IBUN125C  coded_by=187551..188372,organism=Clostridium sp. IBUN125C,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgkhimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreagedidlddimktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmlerlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdreldllkafaeelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlarnidgnqmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Rhizobium_gallicum  coded_by=<1..>556,organism=Rhizobium gallicum,definition=NifH protein
savesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledtm
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=complement(897462..898340),organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maikakqiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsklgykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrdgtyiptvldtlreknqvnahdvifkgfngiycveaggpspgvgcagrgiitavelfkqqrifeeldldyviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvssadfmalyaannlfkgiqkysnsggallggviansinqpyskeiiddfvevtktqvveyiprsvtvtqcelqgkttieaapdsaqakvytslaekisnhtnsktpaplgvqelrdwaskwgkyllalqtgeirnelapni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=NifH
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>602,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Halorhodospira_halochloris  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Halorhodospira halochloris,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqntvmhlaaeagsvedleledvmqvgfgdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedidyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Chloroherpeton_thalassium_ATCC_35110  coded_by=complement(1604077..1604901),organism=Chloroherpeton thalassium ATCC 35110,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mgiviavygkggigkstnsanlstalamkgasvlqigcdpkhdstfpitghlqktvievleevgfhheevmfedvvkkgfanvdaieaggppagsgcggyvvgetvkllqefgvydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyalivatndfdsifaanrlcmaieqksarskvqlagiignkvdyvngggtnvldkfadkvntkvvakvpmhdlirrsrlagktlfqmeedgqdvciapylalaeqllsekpfatvpkslgdreifelmggwm
>Roseovarius_sp._217  coded_by=760170..761078,organism=Roseovarius sp. 217,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein
mednmsprddipslrgqdgegsvqvhqdadmkiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafaamgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgqlqptvidilksvdfhaeelrpedfvtigwggvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhmlddadvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksanykvrlagcvanrskdtdevdrycdvvgfnriahmpdidairrsrlkkktlfemelddevqmvrdiytglaqhlwngtdplapapmedrdifellgfd
>Mesorhizobium_shangrilense  coded_by=<1..>719,organism=Mesorhizobium shangrilense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmdele
>Mesorhizobium_shangrilense  coded_by=<1..>719,organism=Mesorhizobium shangrilense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmdele
>Mesorhizobium_shangrilense  coded_by=<1..>719,organism=Mesorhizobium shangrilense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmdele
>Mesorhizobium_shangrilense  coded_by=<1..>719,organism=Mesorhizobium shangrilense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmdele
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>453),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
igkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedvdladvrssgygktlcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydedeklvyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Rhizobium_sp._CCBAU_65118  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCBAU 65118,definition=NifH
aalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpi
>Mesorhizobium_chacoense  coded_by=<1..>562,organism=Mesorhizobium chacoense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsrqageyralaekihanagqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelsealakklgtq
>Rhizobium_sp._CCNWSX0011-1  coded_by=<1..>563,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCNWSX0011-1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rrsgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqsggrt
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis  coded_by=<1..>634,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaemlgtklihfvprdnvvqhaelrr
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis_LMG_19424  coded_by=<1..>634,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis LMG 19424,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaemlgtklihfvprdnvvqhaelrr
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>682,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Thiorhodospira_sibirica_ATCC_700588  coded_by=complement(8375..9319),organism=Thiorhodospira sibirica ATCC 700588,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtlssqdaqaasaketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsytlaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietsarkklageevtisdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfnewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpisrdmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvvnnvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqtfaaqvgipvlatipaneeirrksasyqivsgadsawaplfnqlaenvttappmhptalsqdallglfagdavgrdvvlepatledmcgqtvtkkpsleviydda
>Frankia_sp._AgP1R4  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. AgP1R4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlhtqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqatvmdlvrergtvedleledvlkvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregeaeeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>575,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
vmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>575,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
vmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>gamma_proteobacterium_HIMB55  coded_by=complement(648443..649444),organism=gamma proteobacterium HIMB55,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msttiatateydpgleasgeradllatsadnaegtqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietasakkaageecrvedvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvtnkddgtgqaqafceavgipelasipanedirrksasyeiighpdgewgplfaglaqnaaeapphrptpmtqdellglfdgdevgrdvvlqpatladlcnvetlnkpslevvydnv
>Methanotorris_formicicus_Mc-S-70  coded_by=11924..12796,organism=Methanotorris formicicus Mc-S-70,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkqiafygkggigksttvcniaaaladegkkvmvigcdpkhdctsnlrggeeiptvldtlrekgmekmslndildgkkieldeivykgykgiycieaggpkpgygcagrgvivaidllkkmnvfeelevdivlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmglakqiyivtssdymamyaannicrgmkefakkggsrlggliynvrgsldagdivtefakklgteiigkipnslliaeaeiegktvveyspnsevasiyrelakkiyenengvvpnpleneeimqigkrvkerirtlrt
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=complement(<1..>784),organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnlvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpismdeledml
>Coraliomargarita_akajimensis_DSM_45221  coded_by=complement(3449113..3449943),organism=Coraliomargarita akajimensis DSM 45221,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveledirsegystslcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydeeegldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkfaetgnvrlgglicnsrkvdnekemieemakmlgtqmihfvprdndvqraeinrktvidwnpecnqadeyralakaidankklvipspltidqlekllmdfglfeaa
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=complement(<1..>749),organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tgkggigksttsqntlaalaemgkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakadtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaenidvsdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtlifvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadrklaakvnnggkgiiptpismdeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SR78  coded_by=<1..>684,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SR78,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakv
>Diplosphaera_colitermitum_TAV2  coded_by=46311..47135,organism=Diplosphaera colitermitum TAV2,definition=Nitrogenase
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedvelsdirspgfcnslcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydeseqldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkfaktgtvrlgglicnsrkvdneremiekfaeklgtkmihfvprhndvqraeinrktviewnkdceqateyrtlanaianntnfvvpnpltiqeledllmqyglln
>Roseovarius_sp._TM1035  coded_by=34257..35165,organism=Roseovarius sp. TM1035,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
medhmsprddipnlrgqdgegsvqvhqdadmkiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafaamgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgqlqptvidilksvdfhaeelrpedfvtvgwggvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhmlddadvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksanykvrlagcvanrskdtdevdrycdvvgfnriahmpdidairrsrlkkktlfemeldeevqmvrdiytglaqhlwngtdplapapmedrdifellgfd
>Sinorhizobium_sp._C5  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. C5,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtvtqyapesqqaaeyralagkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmktdeqmlae
>Ectocarpus_siliculosus  coded_by=112488..113357,organism=Ectocarpus siliculosus,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalcrrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyediwpedviyqgfggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthalrlaglignrtatrdlidkyidavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemtefdsslcyicdyylniadqlianpegvvpkeaadrelfsllsdfylnptqketennvfedafdeig
>Ectocarpus_siliculosus  coded_by=112488..113357,organism=Ectocarpus siliculosus,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalcrrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyediwpedviyqgfggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthalrlaglignrtatrdlidkyidavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemtefdsslcyicdyylniadqlianpegvvpkeaadrelfsllsdfylnptqketennvfedafdeig
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._trifolii_WSM1325  coded_by=308462..309349,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii WSM1325,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmleelltkemqats
>Chamaecyparis_obtusa  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Chamaecyparis obtusa,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinqyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkastrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstltssiaaaialkryrvmqigcdpkadstinltkgkkttpiinylleeencenieeiatigykgivcfeaggpspgtgcagrgivtafdlldeleafeiykpdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirngyaeeviiitsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkhansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB18  coded_by=complement(5243123..5243950),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB18,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaalahfhdkhvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqatvmdtlrvegaekvtldkvvktgfkdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeeneaytedldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmaiyaannickgltkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgekeflaeftkaigskmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefqpdanqaheykelgrkiientdfvipkpmamdeleamvvkyglmd
>Desulfovibrio_magneticus_RS-1  coded_by=complement(2320722..2321546),organism=Desulfovibrio magneticus RS-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein nitrogenase component II
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglaqktvldtlreegedvelddilkegyggtmctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayeedkkldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyadtggvrlggiicnsrkvdfekemieelcrqigtqmihfmprenqvqraeinrktvidyspehaqadeyralakkidenkmlvipkpleiaqlekllvdfgian
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttthntvaglaslgkkimiigcdpkadstrlmlhakaqdtvmdkvrelgtvedleledvlrtgygdvkcvesggaepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytpdldlvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregnaednynvcsgemmamyaanni
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(20656..21477),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgknimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreegddieldailktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmleqlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdkeldlleafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlakninenkmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_ATCC_35702  coded_by=2323970..2324791,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 35702,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgknimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreegddieldailktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmleqlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdkeldlleafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlakninenkmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_beijerinckii_NCIMB_8052  coded_by=2323975..2324796,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii NCIMB 8052,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgknimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreegddieldailktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmleqlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdkeldlleafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlakninenkmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_beijerinckii  coded_by=2391779..2392600,organism=Clostridium beijerinckii,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgknimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreegddieldailktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmleqlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdkeldlleafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlakninenkmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>Clostridium_pasteurianum_NRRL_B-598  coded_by=complement(3957025..3957846),organism=Clostridium pasteurianum NRRL B-598,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltsalaemgknimivgcdpkadstrlvlgglaqktvldtlreegddieldailktgygnircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigmleqlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaktggvrlggiicnsrkvdkeldlleafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqraeihkqtviefdpkadqadeyrtlakninenkmfvipkpmkqerleeilmeyglmdi
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlytqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Methyloversatilis_universalis_FAM5  coded_by=complement(330618..331544),organism=Methyloversatilis universalis FAM5,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mntvttthvplsslktrrgtsqadgegsvqvhqdptlrigtakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkslvptvidiletvdfhseelrpedfvfpgyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlldetdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralvvtandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksknykvrlggvianrsnatdqidrfnervglktmaqfpdldvirrsrlkkatlfemdptveveavqheylrlaaslwagadplecapmkdrdifdllgfd
>Ectothiorhodospira_shaposhnikovii  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Ectothiorhodospira shaposhnikovii,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqtlvaalaeagkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqetimqmaadagtvedleledvlktgyagikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Paenibacillus_abekawaensis  coded_by=164..1036,organism=Paenibacillus abekawaensis,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mtkklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlainfgqrimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvldlaakrgtvenleledvvssgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgayddvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrigglicnsrntdreheliselarrlntqmihfvprnnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpnhaqaeeyrqladkilhndkltiptpidmdelerllidfgvvedeetalqtqapq
>Volvox_carteri_f._nagariensis  coded_by=join(176405..176614,177508..178218),organism=Volvox carteri f. nagariensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisialakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlsakdyhyediwpedviyggyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlplieeirisrvkgktlfemssfsptldsnetnrlmgiaknnerknnlgvsfvtanseknqndyicnfylniadqlltepegviprelsdkelftllsgfylkv
>Volvox_carteri  coded_by=join(1861..2070,2964..3674),organism=Volvox carteri,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L (N-terminus)
mklavygkggigksttscnisialakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlsakdyhyediwpedviyggyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlplieeirisrvkgktlfemssfsptldsnetnrlmgiaknnerknnlgvsfvtanseknqndyicnfylniadqlltepegviprelsdkelftllsgfylkv
>Cylindrospermopsis_raciborskii_CS-505  coded_by=complement(173475..174362),organism=Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii CS-505,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
msderirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaekgavedleleevmlagfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreaelienlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaheyralgkkiinntkltiptpmemddleallieygildddsknaevigkpasask
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttqqntaaafasmgnklmvvgcdpkadctrlllggtrqlsvldalrdtgpesveidtvlvkgygdvkcveaggpepgvgcggrgvitaiqtletlgaykaeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaeeiyivcsgemma
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._99D  coded_by=<1..>448,organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. 99D,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlalaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsg
>Roseobacter_litoralis_Och_149  coded_by=16441..17403,organism=Roseobacter litoralis Och 149,definition=chlorophyllide reductase BchX
mrdeaqaeptlevpqgeptsktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaeqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstrkklageevkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvaglvinkddgsgeaaafakavdipvlasipqdddlrkksanyqivgtsksqwgdmfaalgdnvavappvrptpldqdglldlfdasetggdyvlvpatdvdmrgknaepkpslevvydda
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapeseqaehyrklahkihnnggkgiiptpitmdel
>Chlamydomonas_reinhardtii  coded_by=1884..2765,organism=Chlamydomonas reinhardtii,definition=Chlamydomonas reinhardtii chloroplast genes frxC, petrB and tRNA-Leu
mklavygkggigksttscnisialrkrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlsskdyhyediwpedviyggyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnaffeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlplieeirisrvkgktlfemsnknnmtsahmdgskgdnstvgvsetpsedyicnfylniadqlltepegvipreladkelftllsdfylki
>Oscillochloris_trichoides_DG-6  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=Oscillochloris trichoides DG-6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttqqntaaafasmgnklmvvgcdpkadctrlllggtrqlsvldalrdtgpesvqldtvlvkgygdvkcveaggpepgvgcggrgvitaiqtletlgaykseldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaeeiyivcsgemma
>Chloroflexus_aurantiacus_J-10-fl  coded_by=540839..542029,organism=Chloroflexus aurantiacus J-10-fl,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mlavygkggmgksffttnlvsklallgnrvlqlgcdpkhdscnalfggislptlgdvwrefkeagreeelaahhvifkttimngaatvygceiggpevgrgcggrgitfgfdmlekfglsqwaldyvvmdflgdvvcggfatplsrslaeeviilcgndrqslyaanniasaakyfasmggrtkllglvvnrddgsgvaarfaekinlpvlasipldrkvreladacqlalqeprfdalfdrlarqiidrtlptvkmeevqplpykeflsvfgaeepditptgataeelfgdhqvrqpapvitlglmeravgekpemdaptrlvvtrllkelgmyvteanhdpkkgmtltidghttvcigntddldskiailaalqrsgepfryvdlrrpaspfyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_43058  coded_by=<1..>703,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 43058,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismei
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(294595..295440),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskklrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglveqgkhvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtirdnkteiqlsdlekvgfkgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiakyaergevrlggiicnsrnvdneldllraftkelntqliqyvprnnivqqaeirkktvidfepncnqanvyrelaknidenelftiptpmtqdrleqilidygmmekdysi
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(1329614..1330459),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskklrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglveqgkhvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtirdnkteiqlsdlekvgfkgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiakyaergevrlggiicnsrnvdneldllraftkelntqliqyvprnnivqqaeirkktvidfepncnqanvyrelaknidenelftiptpmtqdrleqilidygmmekdysi
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(1776331..1777176),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskklrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglveqgkhvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtirdnkteiqlsdlekvgfkgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiakyaergevrlggiicnsrnvdneldllraftkelntqliqyvprnnivqqaeirkktvidfepncnqanvyrelaknidenelftiptpmtqdrleqilidygmmekdysi
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgknvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedlelkdvlkvgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlldeegayeedldfvlydvlgdvvcggfampirennaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>Pseudoramibacter_alactolyticus_ATCC_23263  coded_by=75610..76380,organism=Pseudoramibacter alactolyticus ATCC 23263,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigkstvtsnlaaafarlgkkviqigcdpkadstinllggepltpvmnllredampetleaisargfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfnilaeldliareapdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaapiregyadrvlivtsgekmalyaadnictavknfedrdyaqmggivlnrrnvpdeeakvcafadarelaivadiprsdvintcedrgmtviegdpdapisgifidlaqrlwneesrdegsk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_15796  coded_by=<1..>669,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 15796,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>Thiorhodococcus_drewsii_AZ1  coded_by=complement(87477..88352),organism=Thiorhodococcus drewsii AZ1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagsvedleledvlkvgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeadldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyassggvrlaglicnsrntaredelimelarqlgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyrtlaqkiidnkmfvvptpismdaledllmdfglmdeedesiigkaadata
>Rhizobium_sp._RPP20  coded_by=<1..>689,organism=Rhizobium sp. RPP20,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
laalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsg
>Clostridium_botulinum_CFSAN001628  coded_by=19958..20707,organism=Clostridium botulinum CFSAN001628,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum  coded_by=complement(629507..630256),organism=Clostridium botulinum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum  coded_by=298277..299026,organism=Clostridium botulinum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum_B1_str._Okra  coded_by=809489..810238,organism=Clostridium botulinum B1 str. Okra,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaaqaemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrplmgglgqktvldtlreegedvdlddvlrggwgdtmctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaydedknldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=6031..6852,organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkhimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralakaidsnkmfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmdm
>Pelosinus_fermentans_JBW45  coded_by=complement(4994596..4995417),organism=Pelosinus fermentans JBW45,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkhimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralakaidsnkmfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmdm
>Rhizobium_mongolense  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Rhizobium mongolense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdeledml
>Rhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33220A  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCBAU 33220A,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdeledml
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>737),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tanggigkssrsqntaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihansgkg
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-23  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-23,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaqkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=NifH
demgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitm
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>578,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=1144745..1145575,organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddieldailkpgfketmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgelmalyaanniskgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdnerallqafaeelgsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdptsgqaseyrslaeaidknkmfvvpkpmtqdrleelmmqhgfldaia
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=Rhizobium fredii partial nifH gene, strain USDA191
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgvmkt
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktiaalaetnriiivgdpfadstrlmlhtfaqttilhlaaergtveeivleaevllegyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitcinfldeegayedlefvsydvlgdvvcggfapiregkaqeiyiivtsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedvepedvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Azospirillum_lipoferum  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=Azospirillum lipoferum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkvgigksttsqntlaalveldqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyqgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Candidatus_Chloracidobacterium_thermophilum_B  coded_by=1112107..1112991,organism=Candidatus Chloracidobacterium thermophilum B,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msarrvvaiygkggsgksfitsnlsyylaskshrvlqigcdpkhdstallfggkslptlleawalrqeakaanpvppisevvfkrhgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgitlsfdllsqmgfadwefdyiiydflgdvvcggfgtpiaksmvrdiilvggndhqalyvvnnlcgavryfaeqggttrvlgmiinrddgsgwgeryaqeagidiitriplsdeirnrsmafqliaddprhrgyfediewailhgtpklpkavdfeafssdimrtrnlggldpaleedlmpsqlecmvi
>Burkholderia_rhynchosiae  coded_by=<1..>612,organism=Burkholderia rhynchosiae,definition=NifH
gigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrigglvcnerqtdkelelaealakmlgsrlihfvprdni
>Sinorhizobium_americanum  coded_by=<1..>586,organism=Sinorhizobium americanum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnvvqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlg
>Sinorhizobium_americanum  coded_by=<1..>586,organism=Sinorhizobium americanum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
sggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnvvqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlg
>Paenibacillus_sabinae  coded_by=1284..2174,organism=Paenibacillus sabinae,definition=NifH
mskkprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlattfgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaemgsvedleledvvstgfgdilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydgmdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehnqaneykqladkilhnemltiptpiemdeleqlliefgvvedeetaikkleekeaaana
>Paenibacillus_sabinae_T27  coded_by=complement(4442159..4443049),organism=Paenibacillus sabinae T27,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mskkprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlattfgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaemgsvedleledvvstgfgdilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydgmdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehnqaneykqladkilhnemltiptpiemdeleqlliefgvvedeetaikkleekeaaana
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslakmlgsr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RRM8  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RRM8,definition=NifH
tsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayqnidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkg
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._MIT_9515  coded_by=complement(542990..543877),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. MIT 9515,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtstinkhldgegsvqvkqdpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrptdfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaikakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfndrtglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvievqneylslaknmlenveplegtplkdreifdllgfd
>Rhodobacter_sp._AP-10  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Rhodobacter sp. AP-10,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykgikcaeaggpepgvgcagrgvitaikfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=2014402..2015397,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=chlorin reductase subunit BchX
mnvvptinmkdalraealiepdapvttpatketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaaafaktvgipvlaaipadddirkksanyeiiglpggqwsslfeqlatnvglappvrpapltqdgllglfkgevvgrgvvlepatmedmcgksvvdkpslevvydpa
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>Vibrio_natriegens  coded_by=<1..>595,organism=Vibrio natriegens,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmiigcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedieledvlkigygdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivvsgemmamyaanniskgickyatsgnvrlaglicnsrntdrexelimalaakigtqmihfvp
>Roseobacter_denitrificans_OCh_114  coded_by=complement(134016..134915),organism=Roseobacter denitrificans OCh 114,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mspldrtppslrgqdgegsvqvhqdetakiegakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsaafsmlgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgslvptvidilkevdfhpeelraedfvfdgfngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhmledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsiyamnriiaavqaksknykvrlagcvanrsretdevdrycdtvgfnriahmpdldairrsrlkkktlfempddeeivqvrkeyirlaetlwngteplapaplpdrdifellgfd
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>610,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddieleailkpgfgetrcvesggpgpgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivasgelmalyaanniakgikkyaetggvrlggiicnsrkadneyalvkavadeigtqlihfvp
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>593,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>552,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
qntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>Rhizobium_grahamii_CCGE_502  coded_by=complement(16177..17070),organism=Rhizobium grahamii CCGE 502,definition=nitrogenase reductase NifH
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeatvaaaq
>Rhizobium_grahamii_CCGE_502  coded_by=1..894,organism=Rhizobium grahamii CCGE 502,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlktgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeatvaaaq
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(4072001..4072756),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=nitrogenase subunit nifH
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaamglkvlqigcdpkadstrnltggeniptvldtlreqsdatleelvvesstgvlcveaggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldaytiyrpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatnishavksfgkrgyaslrglilnaknfageqelvdkaaaeigapvlyrlprdpavqqaeaqgktvveafpdsemaghytalaklllegdaka
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlimhtkaqatvmdlardrgtvedvelsevlmqgylgvkcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygedtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlimhtkaqatvmdlardrgtvedvelsevlmqgylgvkcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygedtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>477,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqlsvlqmaaekgsvedlepeevvrvgfngircvesggpepgvgcgvitainfleengayddmdyisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyacnniskgilkyattgsvrlgglicnsrmtdcevdlseamakklgtk
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tlaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tlaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tlaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>596,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>595,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>595,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>595,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>595,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
qrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_RCH1  coded_by=complement(13433..14266),organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris RCH1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvdalgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlrdegedvelddirkggfggtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeedqnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaqsgvvrlgglicnsrnvdneremieelarrlgtqmiyfvprdnmvqraeinrqtvieyapdhqqadhyrnlaraidgnemfvipkplqvedlesllmeyglleas
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_str._Hildenborough  coded_by=complement(18877..19710),organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris str. Hildenborough,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvdalgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlrdegedvelddirkggfggtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeedqnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaqsgvvrlgglicnsrnvdneremieelarrlgtqmiyfvprdnmvqraeinrqtvieyapdhqqadhyrnlaraidgnemfvipkplqvedlesllmeyglleas
>Desulfovibrio_vulgaris_DP4  coded_by=181537..182370,organism=Desulfovibrio vulgaris DP4,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvdalgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlrdegedvelddirkggfggtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeedqnldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaqsgvvrlgglicnsrnvdneremieelarrlgtqmiyfvprdnmvqraeinrqtvieyapdhqqadhyrnlaraidgnemfvipkplqvedlesllmeyglleas
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05593  coded_by=<1..>713,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05593,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitmeel
>Candidatus_Chloracidobacterium_thermophilum_B  coded_by=102584..103462,organism=Candidatus Chloracidobacterium thermophilum B,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mivsiygkggigksttssniaiamakrgarvlqvgcdpkhdstftitkrmiptlveileehdyhheeiepsevifrgkmgvdamesggpaagagcggyvtgeavkflrdhklmdeydvvifdvlgdvvcggfatplnhsdfacvvtandfdslfaanricaavmakaknypiyiaglivnrcpdtdhverycdrtgarivghvpqideirrsrlagvsifemkriggialaqdryleiadyllsepealkvkpltdrevfehlrseyininiqrfnaedlelledpsclaln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnyvvq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsygvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Physcomitrella_patens  coded_by=complement(112317..113204),organism=Physcomitrella patens,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit ChlL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqlkdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvesqpslnyvcdfylniadqilsqpegivpkevpdrelfsllsdfylnpvdktkdkkenkkedkensadftwl
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=159..>1000,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvvhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerhtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksde
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>Rhizobium_alkalisoli  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Rhizobium alkalisoli,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyanagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmddlee
>Rhizobium_alkalisoli  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Rhizobium alkalisoli,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyanagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmddlee
>Rhizobium_alkalisoli  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Rhizobium alkalisoli,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
lvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyanagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmddlee
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6192  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6192,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laelghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleiedvmrvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatrihnngg
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqnltaglaemkkklmvvgcdpkadsarlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdleeimkigygdvkcverggpepgfgcagrgiimsinmleqlgayedeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqasvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpdpgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqasvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpdpgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=4672479..4673372,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit
mitketkpltltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemtesdpsldyvcnyylniadqllampegvipndaqdrelftllsdfylnpqapkqteedeldlmmv
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM2074  coded_by=<1..>707,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM2074,definition=NifH
nklilxvgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmexl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmavmaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmavmaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense_CCBAU_83689  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense CCBAU 83689,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_CCBAU_83623  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum CCBAU 83623,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OM9  coded_by=<1..>711,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OM9,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OM27  coded_by=<1..>711,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OM27,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO101  coded_by=<1..>711,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO101,definition=dinitrogen reductase
mgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdele
>Rhizobium_gallicum  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Rhizobium gallicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralakkihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Spirochaeta_smaragdinae_DSM_11293  coded_by=complement(3222612..3223439),organism=Spirochaeta smaragdinae DSM 11293,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaeagkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglaqktvldtlreegedveledilkagylnttcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayeqddtpldytfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkyadaggvrlgglicnsrnvdneqemieelakllgtqmlhfvprdnmvqraeinrktvidyapshvqadeyrtlakkmdgndmfvvpkplaidaleklliefgian
>Rhizobium_sp._FB10061  coded_by=<1..>608,organism=Rhizobium sp. FB10061,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
atrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtvptpitmee
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadatrlllgglaqktvldtlrdegedvelddicrdgsshtrctesggpepgigcagrgiitsinllvqlnaygpgtgtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampireakaeeiyivvsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrifivgcdpkadsmrlmlhtkaqstvlqlaaergavedleleevmltrfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcagfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Chlorobium_phaeovibrioides_DSM_265  coded_by=1392534..1393637,organism=Chlorobium phaeovibrioides DSM 265,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msartiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfalmqkrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggmslptltdvfseknarneevsiedivfrrdigdfprpiygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdtleklglfkwdldiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilvtsndrqsiftannicrannyfrtvggtsrllgliinrddgsgvaekyaraaginvlmkvpynmeardhddrfdfairipdigqrfeklatdilsdsitpslpagldfsdfirlfgevsdslprpatkeelfsagtplhtatpsgagqkedermaecisrleqdhqsvyllhekegkstaeiatllnctepeaarrlaaalkalralffql
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqha
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp1.1  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp1.1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp1.6  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp1.6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._pp2.75  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. pp2.75,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp1.3  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp1.3,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cupriavidus_sp._mpp1.2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. mpp1.2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Spirochaeta_thermophila_DSM_6192  coded_by=complement(429672..430496),organism=Spirochaeta thermophila DSM 6192,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalsemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqetvldtlrmegedveledirkigfkgticiesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgafsesvgldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaneiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkfaeaggvrlgglicnsrkvereedlikalaerlgtqmihflprdnmvqkaeinrmtvveyapdhpqaeeyrtlakkieentmfvipkplrndeleellikygimn
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaamdqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgfrdircvesggpepafgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_Y51  coded_by=complement(4581941..4582819),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51,definition=nitrogenase subunit nifH
mekkitqiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsklgykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggkyiptvldtlreksvvkasevifegfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavelfkqqkvfasldldfviydvlgdvvcggfaipiregiaehvftvsssdfmsiyasnnlfkgikkysnsggallggviansinqgyakaivddfvertktqvveyiprsitvtqselqgkttieaapeseqakvytrlaekivehksskvpapleikelqewatswsdqllalergvvvggnaagi
>Mesorhizobium_huakuii  coded_by=<1..>692,organism=Mesorhizobium huakuii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqrilivccdppadssrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydngdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldltetlasrlnsklihfmprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyraladkihansgqgtipspit
>Frankia_sp._Cg70.9  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=Frankia sp. Cg70.9,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmakyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Desulfurispirillum_indicum_S5  coded_by=726408..727286,organism=Desulfurispirillum indicum S5,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
marlrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaamaemgqkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmemaaeagsvedlelddvlktgylgircveaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmamyaannisrgilkyansggvrlaglicnerktdreaellsalaqrlsttmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvveydpackqadeyrtlakkivdntnfviptpvsmeeleellmefgimqpddaqivgkaktata
>Burkholderia_phymatum  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia phymatum,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampvrenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdssqagqyralaekihhnggngvvptpitmdqledllmekgimvqvdesqvgktaaelta
>Pyropia_yezoensis  coded_by=181..1053,organism=Pyropia yezoensis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalskrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglvgnrtdkrdlidkyidcvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaeidkdlayvcdyylniadqlitrpegvvpkespdrelfsllsdfylnpkskvgqekvdqeeldlmiv
>Pyropia_yezoensis  coded_by=181..1053,organism=Pyropia yezoensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalskrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthslrlaglvgnrtdkrdlidkyidcvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaeidkdlayvcdyylniadqlitrpegvvpkespdrelfsllsdfylnpkskvgqekvdqeeldlmiv
>Raphidiopsis_brookii_D9  coded_by=91158..92024,organism=Raphidiopsis brookii D9,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviypgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdliekyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylsiadqilaqpegvvpsdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpqtnnqeqesklmmv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlllgglsqrsvldtlreegedveladirnggfcntmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydesealdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkfaqsgkvrlgglicnsrkvdnekemieqfakmlgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23236  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 23236,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Pinus_virginiana  coded_by=93091..>93963,organism=Pinus virginiana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkekxkkeillgftr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvtgawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeaghkcmiigcdpkadstrlilnrkaqntvmdmarekgtvedleldevllhgfknikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygddtdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrktdkefeliselagklgtqlihfvp
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RSA104  coded_by=<1..>748,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RSA104,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpism
>Rhizobium_sp._CCNWSX0887  coded_by=<1..>672,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCNWSX0887,definition=nitrogenase reductase
afygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviq
>Rhizobium_sp._CCNWSX0879  coded_by=<1..>671,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCNWSX0879,definition=nitrogenase reductase
afygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviq
>Bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens_SEMIA_5080  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens SEMIA 5080,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_SEMIA_5079  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum SEMIA 5079,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnngg
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrifivrcdpkadsmrlmlhtkaqstvlhlaaergavedleleevmltrfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcagfampirenkaeeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>458),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Klebsiella_sp.  coded_by=complement(<1..>522),organism=uncultured Klebsiella sp.,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
qigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimalaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpacqqaneyrtlaqkivn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kggigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kggigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Rhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83477  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCBAU 83477,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Selenomonas_flueggei_ATCC_43531  coded_by=complement(76841..77653),organism=Selenomonas flueggei ATCC 43531,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mkkiafygkggigksttaanvsaafsrmgrrvcqigcdpkndstrlllgriapstildlerekkgaaltladlvhegfsgircieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhafddldvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaseiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvrrfaergavklggiigngrdvlrerelleafaarigtqlityiprsravheaeihrqtliayapdseqaqhytalaqaidtnemltvptpmefeeledmverygd
>Ahrensia_sp._R2A130  coded_by=585622..586650,organism=Ahrensia sp. R2A130,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtdvmtreaenkdtaekvdifnllkdeadqepdpvhtgpitketeviaiygkggigksfslanlsynlaksgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkscptiietsaakkaagedvkisdvcfmrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmlinkddgtgeaaafaekvgipvlaaipqdddirkksasyqivgdpndkwgpmftglannmmtapprqptpldqdgllglfaasqtgadyvlipanpedmcdpsiinkpsleviydav
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkilivgcdpkadstrvilhsaqntimmaaeagtvedlevedvlkagyldikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvvtainfleevgayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqevyivcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgkkvmivgcepkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnv
>Mesorhizobium_caraganae  coded_by=<1..>713,organism=Mesorhizobium caraganae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeel
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3877  coded_by=<1..>572,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3877,definition=NifH
ggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihlnwgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksde
>Mesorhizobium_septentrionale  coded_by=<1..>537,organism=Mesorhizobium septentrionale,definition=NifH
kadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqha
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadsmrlmlhtkaqstvlhlaaergavedleleevmltrfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcagfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=19803..20711,organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtmqefpsgmfglpknpdgegsvqvqldpdlridtakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidilesvdfhaeelrpsdyvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhaeralivtandfdsifamnriaaaivakskhygvriggvianrsvntdeidrfndavglkrlahlpdldiirrsrlkkstlfemepgpgleeakqqylqlaeklwegvepltaqpmrdreifdflgfd
>Thiocystis_violascens_DSM_198  coded_by=complement(2629048..2629956),organism=Thiocystis violascens DSM 198,definition=ferredoxin protochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mtmqefpsgmfglpknpdgegsvqvqldpdlridtakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidilesvdfhaeelrpsdyvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhaeralivtandfdsifamnriaaaivakskhygvriggvianrsvntdeidrfndavglkrlahlpdldiirrsrlkkstlfemepgpgleeakqqylqlaeklwegvepltaqpmrdreifdflgfd
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CACua-50  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CACua-50,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CACua-34  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CACua-34,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Burkholderia_ferrariae  coded_by=<1..855,organism=Burkholderia ferrariae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>Desulfarculus_baarsii_DSM_2075  coded_by=complement(503348..504175),organism=Desulfarculus baarsii DSM 2075,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegeevdladirrggfggtwcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeasekldyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgirkyaesgtvrlgglicnsrnvdnekemiqelakmigtqmiyfvprdndvqraeinrktviewnpeapqaqhyrnlaqaidgnqmfvvpnplaieqleqllldfgllaa
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrpilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvp
>Methylobacterium_radiotolerans_JCM_2831  coded_by=complement(2961427..2962431),organism=Methylobacterium radiotolerans JCM 2831,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvqlnkaalsqatqlraeaaiepdavatapakketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstrkklagesvaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdfvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafaeaagipvlasipadedirrksanyeiigkpegrwgtlfaelaanvaeaaphrptpltqdgllglfssettgrdvvlvpathedmcgvaqvskpslevvydev
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdailslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealakrlnsk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11231  coded_by=<1..852,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11231,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeapkaaaq
>Cyanothece_sp._PCC_7822  coded_by=5830970..5831839,organism=Cyanothece sp. PCC 7822,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtlklavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqeksfhyediwsedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemadsdpslnyvcdyylniadqllalpegvipndaqdrelftllsdfylnptkpqvtvqeeldlmmv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=complement(6141335..6142222),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanhyrnlatkihgnagkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesqigktaaelaata
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=47730..48617,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanhyrnlatkihgnagkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesqigktaaelaata
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methylocystis_echinoides  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylocystis echinoides,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleieevmkvgylnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_cytisi  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium cytisi,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Bradyrhizobium_cytisi  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium cytisi,definition=NifH
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Geobacter_daltonii_FRC-32  coded_by=2825101..2825970,organism=Geobacter daltonii FRC-32,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaslgkkmmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvlkigygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlgglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraemrrmtvieyspehpqaeeyrtlakkisenkmlvvptplemeeledllmeygimeaedesvvgvaeaaak
>Phascolarctobacterium_succinatutens_YIT_12067  coded_by=complement(8358..9164),organism=Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens YIT 12067,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaafsedglkvcqigcdpkndstrlllgricsqtvldmvrdndevaaedivhtgyngikcveaggpepgvgcagrgiivaleklrslevltdedlimydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyatdiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvkrfamrggvrlggiigngrntpneqqllqefakrlhtqliafiprdvivnkaennrqtvlqyapesaqagvyrklahdiwhnenmaiptpmsfeeleklvaeygn
>Fusobacterium_ulcerans_ATCC_49185  coded_by=complement(261126..261887),organism=Fusobacterium ulcerans ATCC 49185,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mdnirkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalavmgkkvmqvgcdpksdstknlmkgkriptvlemikekgedlkledivyegfggvlcveaggptpgvgcagrgiisafekleelnafekykpdiviydvlgdvvcggfampirggyarevyivssgemmslyaanniamairgfgkrgyaklnglilnsknienemaiveeavkeidtkivqyiprspeiqkaeniggtvfeaftqsemqkvyqqlaeyvlaqdy
>Fusobacterium_ulcerans_12-1B  coded_by=complement(126657..127418),organism=Fusobacterium ulcerans 12-1B,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mdnirkiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalavmgkkvmqvgcdpksdstknlmkgkriptvlemikekgedlkledivyegfggvlcveaggptpgvgcagrgiisafekleelnafekykpdiviydvlgdvvcggfampirggyarevyivssgemmslyaanniamairgfgkrgyaklnglilnsknienemaiveeavkeidtkivqyiprspeiqkaeniggtvfeaftqsemqkvyqqlaeyvlaqdy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglvemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedvelsdirsegfcaslcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydtsvgldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaladlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqnsvlslaaeagsiedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayngvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Ahrensia_sp._R2A130  coded_by=complement(602041..602961),organism=Ahrensia sp. R2A130,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mnilgpnthfkdksrplppgldgegslqvhldpnmdvgntkvfaiygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkklvptvidalenvnfhseelrtedfvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhllddsdvvifdvlgdvvcggfasplqhaekalivtandfdsifamnrivaaigaksknyqvrvggvianrskgtdeidrfneavglervahfpdldvirrsrlkkstlfemeespellavqteylklaqnlwdgidpmpaapmkdreifdflgfd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>598,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstiqqntaaafasmgnklmvvgcdpkadctrlllggtrqlsvldalrdtgpesveidtvlvkgygdvkcveaggpepgvgcggrgvitaiqtletlgaykaeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaeeiyivcsgqmma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkareiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH21  coded_by=<1..>578,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH21,definition=nitrogenase reductase
adstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapds
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=complement(6705582..6706580),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit, 35.5 kDa chain
mnaptkistmtdalraeaaiepdapttaapkkatqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiletsskkklagedvkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelieklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddgtgeaqafadatgipvlasipadddirrksasyqiigrpgtpwaplfehlaknvaeappqhphpltqdgllglfkasevgrdvvleqatledmcgstavakpsleviydnv
>Desulfuromonas_acetoxidans_DSM_684  coded_by=complement(89895..90773),organism=Desulfuromonas acetoxidans DSM 684,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maekkmrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkvmiigcdpkadstrlilhakaqetvmdkvrelgtvedleledvlkwgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkyaasgsvrlaglicnsrntdceaeliealaaklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhkqaneyrqlaqkindntmfvvptplemeelegllmefgimevddeenvgkaege
>Phaeospirillum_molischianum_DSM_120  coded_by=complement(283472..284299),organism=Phaeospirillum molischianum DSM 120,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
mtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalahfhhkhvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqetvmdtlrtqgaekvtldkvvktgfhdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeaneaytpdldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyvvasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgerefleefcaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvtefdpsadqaqeyrqlaqsiidndnfvipkpltmdeleamvvkygmcd
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_DSM_13060  coded_by=4032..5036,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens DSM 13060,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnlqlskaaldaattlraeaaiepdpvatgevkretqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietstkkklageavaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafadaagipvlasipadddirrksanyeiigkpdgrwgalfadlsqnvsdaaphqprplsqdallglfsseatgrhvvlepatiedmcgrtslakpslevvydev
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_AM1  coded_by=3057132..3058136,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens AM1,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit BchX
mnlqlskaaldaattlraeaaiepdpvatgevkretqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietstkkklageavaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafadaagipvlasipadddirrksanyeiigkpdgrwgalfadlsqnvsdaaphqprplsqdallglfsseatgrhvvlepatiedmcgrtslakpslevvydev
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=159..1052,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=R. meliloti nitrogenase reductase structural gene (nifH) (codes for Fe protein)
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvvhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerhtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Candidatus_Desulforudis_audaxviator_MP104C  coded_by=163686..164528,organism=Candidatus Desulforudis audaxviator MP104C,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaamayffgkrimihgcdpkadstrlilggmmqttvmdtlreegeegvtldrvrlqgfgeidcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainlmedlnaygdeldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaannicrgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrrvegerelieefcarlgtrmimfvprdnivqkaefnrktvtefapdseqaqvyrelarriiendhfviptpmtmdemeslvlkyglldlgeas
>Platycladus_orientalis  coded_by=456..1331,organism=Platycladus orientalis,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidegkhqknnkenllgftti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ML108  coded_by=<1..>749,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ML108,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitm
>Metasequoia_glyptostroboides  coded_by=516..1388,organism=Metasequoia glyptostroboides,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmsvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvasepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkdqnnkenlfgftti
>Metasequoia_glyptostroboides  coded_by=96946..97818,organism=Metasequoia glyptostroboides,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmsvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvasepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkdqnnkenlfgftti
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Selenomonas_infelix_ATCC_43532  coded_by=131916..132728,organism=Selenomonas infelix ATCC 43532,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkiafygkggigksttaanvsaafaqmgrrvcqigcdpkndstrlllgriapstildlerekkgaaltladlvhegaggircieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlkalhafddldvvlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyaeevyivssgelmslyaanniakgvcrfaargavklggiigngrdvlnerelltafaarlgtqlityipraravheaeihrqtliayapeseqaqhyvglaraidanemltvptpmnfeelealverygd
>Clostridium_botulinum_F_str._230613  coded_by=793548..794297,organism=Clostridium botulinum F str. 230613,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum_F_str._Langeland  coded_by=793273..794022,organism=Clostridium botulinum F str. Langeland,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum  coded_by=complement(567119..567868),organism=Clostridium botulinum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamarmgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayevykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihsmerdpyvqkaealgktvveafpecdmakhygtlakilleggk
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>575,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH
sggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksde
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>567,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnv
>Anabaena_variabilis_ATCC_29413  coded_by=complement(5030014..5030841),organism=Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqnmvaglveierkvmvvgcdskadstrlllgglhpkivldtlrqesddlhledlckegwgktfcvesggpepgvgctgrgvitsiglleqlgaydeklqldytfydglgsvvcggfvmpmrerkaqevyivtsgeimamyttnnicrgihkytviggvrlgglicnsrnieqeddlvkafaeelgtqmiafiprdkivqqaefysqtvieyaphceqaqhyrnlakaidqntnfvipkplsdeqleellvnsgvlsv
>Methanocaldococcus_vulcanius_M7  coded_by=complement(584285..585118),organism=Methanocaldococcus vulcanius M7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkfciygkggigksttvsniaaalaedkkkvlvigcdpkadttrnlvgkkiptvldvfrkkgaenitlediifqgfggvycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdilnkldafeiinpdvviydilgdvvcggfamplqkhladdvyivttcdpmaiyaannickgirryanrgkialggiiyngrsvidapeivenfaekigtkvigkipmsdlitraeiykktvieyapdsevaenfrklanaiyknknriipnplteeeldkisekidslikqnl
>Methanocaldococcus_vulcanius_M7  coded_by=865455..866288,organism=Methanocaldococcus vulcanius M7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkfciygkggigksttvsniaaalaedkkkvlvigcdpkadttrnlvgkkiptvldvfrkkgaenitlediifqgfggvycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdilnkldafeiinpdvviydilgdvvcggfamplqkhladdvyivttcdpmaiyaannickgirryanrgkialggiiyngrsvidapeivenfaekigtkvigkipmsdlitraeiykktvieyapdsevaenfrklanaiyknknriipnplteeeldkisekidslikqnl
>Methylosinus_trichosporium_OB3b  coded_by=<1..>447,organism=Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqnalaalaqqgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfmdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Mesorhizobium_sp._BD68  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. BD68,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtiptp
>Cylindrospermopsis_raciborskii_CS-505  coded_by=complement(22963..23829),organism=Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii CS-505,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviypgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdliekyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylsiadqilaqpegvvpsdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpqtnnqeqelklmmv
>Cylindrospermopsis_sp._CR12  coded_by=34717..35583,organism=Cylindrospermopsis sp. CR12,definition=protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviypgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtakrdliekyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylsiadqilaqpegvvpsdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpqtnnqeqelklmmv
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Frankia_sp._ArI3  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. ArI3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaapcrpwaedphrrlrpkadstrqipnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgekgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayvdvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgeimamyaan
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=<1..778,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tttqnltaalstmdkrilqigcdpkadstrmlvggkrqptvldtlrevgtenvtleevvhtgfggikcveaggpepgvgcagrgvitainlleelgaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaasnickaivrfakqsgirlagiicnsrkvdnelelltafserigsrlvyfvprdnivqraetnkktvmeydpesnqadeyrqlakgviendnfviprpleyeeleelmmefgmla
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlgrt
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimktdeqmlgrt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCNWGS0010-1  coded_by=<1..>550,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCNWGS0010-1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeq
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY467  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY467,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqtpel
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>573,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqha
>Crocosphaera_watsonii_WH_8501  coded_by=13563..14453,organism=Crocosphaera watsonii WH 8501,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqsgnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlhlaaemgsvedleledvmlegfegikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayedlefvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnkeidlieelaerlntqmihfvprskmvqeaelrrqtviqyapecdqaeeyrqlgnkivanekltiptpidndeleellinygllgseeeykkvmeadraaqeltknsk
>Rhizobium_giardinii  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Rhizobium giardinii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiredkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sbw5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sbw5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zb36  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zb36,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zb15  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zb15,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zb1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zb1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cmw2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cmw2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._zb34  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. zb34,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._teph5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. teph5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sbw22  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sbw22,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sbw3  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sbw3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._sba8  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. sba8,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rhyd.1a  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rhyd.1a,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rhw4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rhw4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lrw2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lrw2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lrs5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lrs5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._lia4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. lia4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gvw6  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gvw6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpg39  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpg39,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dpg38  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dpg38,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._dnr7  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. dnr7,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cmy17  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cmy17,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cmh1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cmh1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cnw15  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cnw15,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cna3  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cna3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfrr1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfrr1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfs5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfs5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfhr.1a  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfhr.1a,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvg25  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvg25,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._LcRI3  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. LcRI3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._LcCT6  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. LcCT6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lei1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lei1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lh15  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lh15,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lh10  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lh10,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Cf4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Cf4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Cf3.6  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Cf3.6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Cf1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Cf1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtLT13  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtLT13,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BtLT4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BtLT4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Pinus_pseudostrobus  coded_by=92881..93756,organism=Pinus pseudostrobus,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthpxxlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsxxxgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsxxylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Rhodospirillum_centenum_SW  coded_by=complement(2170266..2171177),organism=Rhodospirillum centenum SW,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase,iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mssvlerpaapailpsrqdgegsvqvkmdpnlkigtarvfsvygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkklvptvidvlesvnfhseelrpedfvypgyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhaqralivaandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksknyevrlggvicnrsaatdqidkfnaavglntlahlpdldgirrsrlkkctvfemedepelerarqeylrlaatllagteplapaplrdrdifdllgfd
>Clostridium_cellulovorans_743B  coded_by=complement(4274943..4275815),organism=Clostridium cellulovorans 743B,definition=Nitrogenase
mskigkhiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagykviqigcdpksdstntlrgnnylptvldsmregkkvhlsdvsvvgyggilciesggpvpgvgcagrginaavnllqdlnlfeeykpdyvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirdgitdrayvvsssdfmaiyaannlfkainkyapsggaklggviangltagyskaivddfasktgtnvagyiprslvvsqselfgktvieanpkaehadiyrdlakhiatneelvvpnplgvselrdwarewgdkiydnqtgvvegslgi
>Desulfovibrio_gigas  coded_by=243..1067,organism=Desulfovibrio gigas,definition=Fe protein of nitrogenase
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkrvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglsqrtvldtlreegedvdlddivspgfantlctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgafkeekkldytfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdnedklilalaerlgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelmrktviefspehpqadeyralankidqnqmfvvpkplsieelekllvdhgimn
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieavmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Dechloromonas_sp._SIUL  coded_by=<1..>702,organism=Dechloromonas sp. SIUL,definition=dinitrogen reductase
aesgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvmhlaaeagsvedleledvlsvgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrntdredelimalasrlgttmihfvprdnavqhaeirrmtmveydpkhkqadeyrqlankivnntnfaiptpit
>Pseudomonas_sp._BAY1663  coded_by=complement(30374..31255),organism=Pseudomonas sp. BAY1663,definition=Fe protein, nitrogenase reductase NifH
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemmamyaannickgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimaladklgsqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpaakqadeyrtlakkivenkklviptpismdeleallmefgimdeedmtivgktaaeevva
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_NF13  coded_by=complement(42550..43431),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri NF13,definition=Fe protein, nitrogenase reductase NifH
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemmamyaannickgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimaladklgsqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpaakqadeyrtlakkivenkklviptpismdeleallmefgimdeedmtivgktaaeevva
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_B1SMN1  coded_by=72558..73439,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri B1SMN1,definition=Fe protein, nitrogenase reductase NifH
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemmamyaannickgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimaladklgsqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpaakqadeyrtlakkivenkklviptpismdeleallmefgimdeedmtivgktaaeevva
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=1432264..1433145,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=Fe protein, nitrogenase reductase NifH
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemmamyaannickgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimaladklgsqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpaakqadeyrtlakkivenkklviptpismdeleallmefgimdeedmtivgktaaeevva
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_4166  coded_by=1438314..1439195,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 4166,definition=Fe protein, nitrogenase reductase NifH
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemmamyaannickgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimaladklgsqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpaakqadeyrtlakkivenkklviptpismdeleallmefgimdeedmtivgktaaeevva
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>555,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
nskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapds
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalagmlgtk
>Methanosaeta_concilii_GP6  coded_by=complement(442140..442955),organism=Methanosaeta concilii GP6,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 1
mssikhvaiygkggigksctasniaaacaeeghkvlmvgcdpksdssitligrriptmmdlilkggefkeedvvhqgfrgvrcievggpepgvgcagrgiivaidflrkvskameevdlvlydvpgdivcggfsapirkglvsqayiitsgeymplyaanniskgllrlntplagvicnsreaagerereivnqfaqelnsrmvafipkepivqqcerrtvtviegapdskiaavyralareimsggearipeplsderlrelsrdlgsee
>Rhizobium_laguerreae  coded_by=<1..>612,organism=Rhizobium laguerreae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
aatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitmeel
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_01570  coded_by=<1..>686,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 01570,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_01606  coded_by=<1..>686,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 01606,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_01602  coded_by=<1..>685,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 01602,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpit
>Arthrospira_maxima_CS-328  coded_by=complement(15846..16712),organism=Arthrospira maxima CS-328,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanrisasvreksrthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvesvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslsyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpsvqtqedeldlmmv
>Arthrospira_platensis_C1  coded_by=complement(15503..16369),organism=Arthrospira platensis C1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfurATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanrisasvreksrthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyvesvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslsyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdapdrelfsllsdfylnptkpsvqtqedeldlmmv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrly
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SDD14-1  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SDD14-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_huanghuaihaiense  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium huanghuaihaiense,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_03335  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 03335,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>710,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Frankia_sp._ArI5  coded_by=<1..>555,organism=Frankia sp. ArI5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
emgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfipr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvlslaaelgsvedveledvllpgykgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangafedldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_375  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 375,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaxalakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanh
>Pseudomonas_putida  coded_by=13..>486,organism=Pseudomonas putida,definition=NifH
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaelgkkvmivgcdpkvdstrlilhskvqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlktsygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvcsgemme
>Clostridium_carboxidivorans_P7  coded_by=56713..57474,organism=Clostridium carboxidivorans P7,definition=Nitrogenase
mlkmaiygkggigkstitsnlsaafaklgkkviqigcdpkadstinllsgealmpvmnymrefdkdpekiediskigfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiittfnlleeldlfetykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaanninsavknfedrgyakvlgiifnhrnvenedekvksfadsvglpivgdiprnqdinhfeemgktviegdanlpisqcflnlakllikdegmk
>Clostridium_carboxidivorans_P7  coded_by=complement(2221825..2222586),organism=Clostridium carboxidivorans P7,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mlkmaiygkggigkstitsnlsaafaklgkkviqigcdpkadstinllsgealmpvmnymrefdkdpekiediskigfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiittfnlleeldlfetykpdivlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaanninsavknfedrgyakvlgiifnhrnvenedekvksfadsvglpivgdiprnqdinhfeemgktviegdanlpisqcflnlakllikdegmk
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM1497  coded_by=<1..>661,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM1497,definition=NifH
dpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptp
>Geobacter_bemidjiensis_Bem  coded_by=2397398..2398267,organism=Geobacter bemidjiensis Bem,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglasigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkeyelidalakklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhpqaneyrslaqkiadnkmlvvptplemeeledllmefgimeaedesivgvaeaaav
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SDD43-2  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SDD43-2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SDD42-1  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SDD42-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SDD24-1  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SDD24-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._25S4  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 25S4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._24S4  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 24S4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._363S2  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 363S2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._359S2  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 359S2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._355S2  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 355S2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._342S2  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 342S2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._334S2  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 334S2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OO107  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OO107,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OM55  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OM55,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._OM28  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. OM28,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._HO196  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. HO196,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._HO172  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. HO172,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._HM155  coded_by=<1..>735,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. HM155,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Glyptostrobus_pensilis  coded_by=<1..>675,organism=Glyptostrobus pensilis,definition=FrxC
sialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsirdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqils
>Syntrophobotulus_glycolicus_DSM_8271  coded_by=complement(2881338..2882192),organism=Syntrophobotulus glycolicus DSM 8271,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilnikaqttvmdlarergtvedlelddvlftgygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeqgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkyatnggvrlaglicnsrntdkeyelidalahklgtqmihflprdnevqraelrrqtviqyndqhkqadeyralakkidenkklviptpltmdeleellmefgiiedeetaaarlg
>Bacillus_macyae  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Bacillus macyae,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlvqlaknygqeimivgcdpkadstrlvlntkmqqtvlslaaekgtvedlelhevvqrgyaniecvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeegayegkdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqelymvcsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>755,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
irittsgagrdgsdilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismdelekhak
>Methanobrevibacter_smithii_ATCC_35061  coded_by=1752235..1753032,organism=Methanobrevibacter smithii ATCC 35061,definition=nitrogenase NifH subunit, NifH
mikkiaiygkggigksttvanlsavyanndlnclvigcdpkadttrtlcgrriptvvdtlknnrkpseediivkgyndilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamkrlenlgvfdkdldvviydvlgdvvcggfsvplrekyadeviivtsgeymslyaannivkgikklkgnlsgiicncrnvdhekeivsefaskigtriigtinrsnliqeseldaktvvekypeskeaseyeslatnimenkvfttpepmddeefekffksfle
>Lyngbya_majuscula_CCAP_1446/4  coded_by=735..1637,organism=Lyngbya majuscula CCAP 1446/4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlagmaqngnrimivgcdpkadstrlilnckaqvtvlhlaaergsvedieledvlleglegikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeagayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnrevnlieeladrlntqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtviqyspdheqaaeyrtlakkieentkltiptpidndtleellinygllgseeeyekvreadakeqavlkatnvska
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gmaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA10  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA10,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapd
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadptrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqqntmaamaeqgkrimivgcdpkadptrlmlhakaqtsvmstaaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_archaeon  coded_by=<1..778,organism=uncultured archaeon,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tttqnltatladmgnsimqigcdpkadstrmlmggvrqptvldtlrevgaenveldeilhtgfggircveaggpepgvgragrgvitaiklletlgaydedpdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregyakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgivkfaeegeirlggiicnsrnvenelalveafaerigsklihfvprdnivqqaeirkktvieydptckqadeyralarsilandmfvvpepitmdelesmmtefgvvd
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>555,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=NifH protein
grgsggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=nitrogenase reductase
anadtlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdeleeha
>Rhizobium_vignae  coded_by=<1..>754,organism=Rhizobium vignae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
anadtlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdeleeha
>Methanohalophilus_mahii_DSM_5219  coded_by=1416144..1416941,organism=Methanohalophilus mahii DSM 5219,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mnpqkriaiygkggigksstasnvaaacadegynvmiigcdpksdssitllggkriptildllregmeieeegdvvfegykavkcvevggpepgigcagrgiivaiqklkkisqsmkemdliiydvpgdivcggfvapirkglvneayvltsgeymplyaannickglsrintklsgvicnsrsvsrekeivskfaneigselvafipkeqivqdcerdgysvlekaggtdiaevyralarnimssdcavdpraltderlreltr
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>487,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
stplilrakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Thiorhodospira_sibirica_ATCC_700588  coded_by=complement(28665..29597),organism=Thiorhodospira sibirica ATCC 700588,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msigkiplvamstggaaappdgegsvqfhldpsvnigkakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkclvptvidvlesvnfhteelrvedfvyegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlleetdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivtandfdsifamnriaaaimakgknykvrmagvvanrsdatdeidrfnqvvglkrmahfqnldiirrsrlkkstlfemealsaqdeaelkmvqneylqlaealwagteplavkpmkdrdifdllgfd
>Methanoregula_boonei_6A8  coded_by=2077493..2078467,organism=Methanoregula boonei 6A8,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makqrniaiygkggigksttssnisaalselglkvmqigcdpksdstntlrggrfiptvldslrsgkrvetsdiihegfngvlcveaggpepgvgcagrgiitaiellrqrkvfeefkpdvviydvlgdvvcggfgipiregvaeqvytvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgikkyansggalfsgiianstnlpvqreivedfaastkttiaeyvprsltvtkselqgktvieaapeseqaevyrvlakkilsnqdryvpapldtdqlkdwaeswsdklleqrdspthvkcelecivpgaepiiakprsqrspavkaatprrtakakg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._gvg6  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. gvg6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlat
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedidledvrsygfreslcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayeegenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkfassgkvrlgglicnsrnvdnekdmirefaarlgtqlihfvp
>Marvinbryantia_formatexigens_DSM_14469  coded_by=251921..252745,organism=Marvinbryantia formatexigens DSM 14469,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnlaaalaergkklmligcdpkadstrlilgglakatvldtmrekeeeditiedlmsvgfggiravesggpepgvgcagrgivtainmlenlgayeeeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmslyaannickgirryaasgktklgglicnsrlvdneralvqefaaklntqliyflprnnivqraeckrmtvieydpecgqaceyralaekietnttysiptplqpeelevllekymnyen
>Megasphaera_micronuciformis_F0359  coded_by=complement(36557..37312),organism=Megasphaera micronuciformis F0359,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafaclgkkviqigcdpkadstlnllgghllqpvmnymsekgeepesiediseigfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgivatfalledlglfdiykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyakdviivtsgekmslyaadniyravqnfedrsyarmrgiifnrrnipgeedkvkafaserslsiigdiprnddisrfeeegctviegdrtlpisrnflsiaealigekv
>Taxus_wallichiana_var._mairei  coded_by=<1..>651,organism=Taxus wallichiana var. mairei,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL subunit
dpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlkskdyhyeeiwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeynviifdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviiadngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegiv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
agmaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Erythrobacter_sp._NAP1  coded_by=231398..232294,organism=Erythrobacter sp. NAP1,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mnlhtpksgfskpdgegsvqvqldprdqikgakvfavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklghrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkklmptvidvletvefhseelrpedymfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkqhhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhaeralvvaandfdsifamnrivaaigaksknydvrlagvvanrsretdeidrfcdqigmqrlahfrdvdairrsrlkkctlfemgddpeviaaqdeylrlaamlwagvepstaqpmkdrdifdflgfe
>Ensifer_psoraleae  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Ensifer psoraleae,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihlnsgqa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45334  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 45334,definition=nitrogenase reductase
emgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhknggkgiiptpismee
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilfvgcepkadstrlllgglqqktlldtlrdegddveleeilkggfcstqwtesggpqagvgcagggiissiklleqlgaydvennldsvfydvlgdvvcgglampmregkaqdiyivwsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigrsttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrfilhakaqdtilslaanagcvedleiedvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Frankia_sp._BCU110501  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. BCU110501,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrl
>Cephalotaxus_harringtonia  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cephalotaxus harringtonia,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanritssirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>588,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqha
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=3637..4512,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mskkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalskmglkvmqfgcdpkadstntlrdgtyiptvldtlreksqvkaedvifqgfngvycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitsvqllkqlkvyeeldldvviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgikkysnsggallggliansinapyakeivddfvdrtktrvveyvprsvtvtqaelqgktsveafpdseqskvysklaqkvyetteskvpspldtaelrdwaskwadhllametgevrgraaai
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=3636..4511,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mskkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalskmglkvmqfgcdpkadstntlrdgtyiptvldtlreksqvkaedvifqgfngvycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitsvqllkqlkvyeeldldvviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgikkysnsggallggliansinapyakeivddfvdrtktrvveyvprsvtvtqaelqgktsveafpdseqskvysklaqkvyetteskvpspldtaelrdwaskwadhllametgevrgraaai
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=62067..62942,organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mskkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalskmglkvmqfgcdpkadstntlrdgtyiptvldtlreksqvkaedvifqgfngvycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitsvqllkqlkvyeeldldvviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgikkysnsggallggliansinapyakeivddfvdrtktrvveyvprsvtvtqaelqgktsveafpdseqskvysklaqkvyetteskvpspldtaelrdwaskwadhllametgevrgraaai
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=complement(93217..94092),organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mskkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalskmglkvmqfgcdpkadstntlrdgtyiptvldtlreksqvkaedvifqgfngvycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitsvqllkqlkvyeeldldvviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgikkysnsggallggliansinapyakeivddfvdrtktrvveyvprsvtvtqaelqgktsveafpdseqskvysklaqkvyetteskvpspldtaelrdwaskwadhllametgevrgraaai
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=152765..153640,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalskmglkvmqfgcdpkadstntlrdgtyiptvldtlreksqvkaedvifqgfngvycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitsvqllkqlkvyeeldldvviydvlgdvvcggfavpiregiaehvftvsssdfmaiyaannlfkgikkysnsggallggliansinapyakeivddfvdrtktrvveyvprsvtvtqaelqgktsveafpdseqskvysklaqkvyetteskvpspldtaelrdwaskwadhllametgevrgraaai
>Paenibacillus_fujiensis  coded_by=2419..3297,organism=Paenibacillus fujiensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mskkprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlattfgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhmaaelgsvedleledvvatgfgdilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleelgaydgmdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehnqaneykqladkilhnemlniptpiemdeleqllidfgvvedeetaikkleaagh
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY472  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY472,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdqelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY422  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY422,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdqelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnivqhael
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=249534..250490,organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msvsvntpapvcaasaaketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymlaqqgkkvlligcdpksdtatllfggrscptilgtsaakkrageevvisdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfellerlgfndwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfaglggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafassvdipilatipaheeirrksanyeiigrpgerwgplfeelasnvaeapprrpkpldhegllglfkgdevgrnvvldpaqptdmcstaaierpslevvyddv
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=complement(2998759..2999715),organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=chitin-binding protein
msvsvntpapvcaasaaketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymlaqqgkkvlligcdpksdtatllfggrscptilgtsaakkrageevvisdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfellerlgfndwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfaglggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafassvdipilatipaheeirrksanyeiigrpgerwgplfeelasnvaeapprrpkpldhegllglfkgdevgrnvvldpaqptdmcstaaierpslevvyddv
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>700,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>699,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>700,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>700,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>'Nostoc_azollae'_0708  coded_by=complement(3907725..3908705),organism='Nostoc azollae' 0708,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msddkirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaevgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhckaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevvitgfrgircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqnvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamfaanniargvlkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelittlasrlstqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqaneyrsladkiinnknlavptpiemdeledlliefgileseenavrlsdvsnaqeeaakkqedlegealealkkgdleivasaekkk
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=complement(2966630..2967454),organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgknmmvvgcdpkadstrlllnglaqktvldtlrtegedldledvvkvgfkgtrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgafheqykldytfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkfaeagtvrlgglicnsrktdredeligalaeklgthmihfvprdnmvqraeinkktvidfdptigqadeyrklasaiennkkfvipkpldmtelekllmefgiad
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RRD24  coded_by=<1..>740,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RRD24,definition=NifH
ksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
seilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Methanocorpusculum_labreanum_Z  coded_by=complement(1051819..1052565),organism=Methanocorpusculum labreanum Z,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mkkiafygkggigkstcvsnismalaeqgftvmqigcdpkadstrnlthgdlipsvlsvirekkndicledivscgsggvlcveaggpkpgsgcagrgiitafeqleelgayttyhpdiilydvlgdvvcggfalpirqgyadeicivtsgemmslyaadnisqavnnyskrgyaalkgliynaknienedeivekaaaemntkvlsrinrdpivqkaenagmtvveyapnssqadlyrklagilled
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ORS_3369  coded_by=<1..>714,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ORS 3369,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pqclpplidlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyarsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansrqappaq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeaghkcmiigcdpkadstrlildrkaqntvmdmarekgtvedleldevllhgfknikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygedtdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrktdkefeliselagklgtqlihfvp
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Frankia_sp._MpI1  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. MpI1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Frankia_sp._An2.1  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. An2.1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Azorhizobium_doebereinerae  coded_by=<1..>467,organism=Azorhizobium doebereinerae,definition=NifH
gdgnetsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleleevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgi
>Caulerpa_filiformis  coded_by=complement(3235..4362),organism=Caulerpa filiformis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
midkrkeegpqgkqgppaeaplclrpllagilhqkkkkrkkekkkkrkkekkkkrkkekkkkrkkekkkkrkkekkkkrkkekkkkrknmklavygkggigkstvscnlsialarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyediwpedviykgyggvscveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanrigasireksrshplrcaglignrssqrdlidkyvehcpmpilevlpliedirisrvkaqtifelaesnpeleevcdfylnigdqilsgpegvvpkelmdrelfsllsdyylnktsqeetqnetdflmv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkrngvgcdpkadstrlilhekaqntimhlaaeagagaenrragaenedleledvdisggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydkddyvsydvlgdvvcggfgalgrenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Rhizobium_mongolense  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Rhizobium mongolense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedlelgdvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-7  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-7,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyspnsqqadhyrnlatrihnnggkgiiptpis
>Fusobacterium_nucleatum_subsp._polymorphum_F0401  coded_by=complement(130159..130989),organism=Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. polymorphum F0401,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstissnlsaiisksgkkvlhvgcdpkgdstrnlmgrkiptvistlkeknnlnrediiykgfngiecvetggpeagigcagrgiittmeeledlkvfdedrdviiydvlgdvvcggfavpmrekyadiiyivtssefmsifaannimksiknfskmknikfgglihnqrnnnssinilkifadmtkskiigeipfskelikselngktiaemypnsnlydnflelsekilsnqddvsfsplseeemeylaaeilkeniyyeke
>Burkholderia_diazotrophica  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia diazotrophica,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY380  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY380,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY268  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY268,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY266  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY266,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY264  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY264,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY157  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY157,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_diazotrophica  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia diazotrophica,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>Burkholderia_diazotrophica  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia diazotrophica,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslatmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhael
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttteklvaalaemgkkimivgcdrkahrlililhakaqntimemaaevgsvedlefedvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvdhldfvfydvlgdvvcgrfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidcvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_65718  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 65718,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggka
>Methanosarcina_mazei_Go1  coded_by=249..1070,organism=Methanosarcina mazei Go1,definition=NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaalatmgnkillvgcdpkadstrmllgglnqktvldtlrsegdegvnldvvvqpgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllenlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgelmaiyaannickglakfakggarlggiicnsrnvdgerelleafakklgsqlihfvprdnivqraeinrktvidfdpesnqakeyltlasnvqnntklvvptplpmeeleammvefgivel
>Methanosarcina_mazei_Go1  coded_by=866092..866913,organism=Methanosarcina mazei Go1,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaalatmgnkillvgcdpkadstrmllgglnqktvldtlrsegdegvnldvvvqpgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllenlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgelmaiyaannickglakfakggarlggiicnsrnvdgerelleafakklgsqlihfvprdnivqraeinrktvidfdpesnqakeyltlasnvqnntklvvptplpmeeleammvefgivel
>Methanosarcina_mazei_LYC  coded_by=complement(697626..698447),organism=Methanosarcina mazei LYC,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaalatmgnkillvgcdpkadstrmllgglnqktvldtlrsegdegvnldvvvqpgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllenlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgelmaiyaannickglakfakggarlggiicnsrnvdgerelleafakklgsqlihfvprdnivqraeinrktvidfdpesnqakeyltlasnvqnntklvvptplpmeeleammvefgivel
>Methanosarcina_mazei_SarPi  coded_by=complement(693650..694471),organism=Methanosarcina mazei SarPi,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaalatmgnkillvgcdpkadstrmllgglnqktvldtlrsegdegvnldvvvqpgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllenlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgelmaiyaannickglakfakggarlggiicnsrnvdgerelleafakklgsqlihfvprdnivqraeinrktvidfdpesnqakeyltlasnvqnntklvvptplpmeeleammvefgivel
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_CM4  coded_by=3119904..3120908,organism=Methylobacterium extorquens CM4,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnlqlskaaldaattlraeaaiepdpvatgavkretqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiietstkkklageavaigdvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvgglvinkddgtgeaqafadaagipvlasipadddirrksanyeiigkpdgrwgslfadlsqnvaeaaphqptplsqdallglfsseatgrnlvlepatiedmcgrtsltkpslevvydev
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqidkelelaeamakklgtq
>Hemiselmis_andersenii  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Hemiselmis andersenii,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunit L
vklavygkggigksttscnisvalskrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdslfaanrisasvrekarthslrlaglignrtakrdliekyvdavpmpilevlpliedirisrvkgktlfematldsslnyvckyylniadqliahpegvvpqeaadrelfsllsdfyltpndkkdsietetiddidlmiv
>Fusobacterium_sp._11_3_2  coded_by=45163..45993,organism=Fusobacterium sp. 11_3_2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkiaiygkggigkstissnlsaiisktgkkvlhigcdpkgdstrnlmgrkiptvisilkeknnlsrediiykgfngiecvetggpeagvgcagrgiittmeeledlkvfdeerdiiiydvlgdvvcggfavpmrekyadviyivtssefmsifaannimksiknfskmknikfgglihnqrnnnssinilkifadmtkskiigeipfskelikselngktiaemypnsnlynnflelsekilsnqddltfsplseeemeylaaeilkeniyyeee
>Bradyrhizobium_cytisi  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium cytisi,definition=NifH
laelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptp
>Lygodium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<29394..30143),organism=Lygodium japonicum,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
melcgtkiaiygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqsrdyhyedvwpedvtykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekahthplrlaglvgnrtserdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpligdirvsrvkgktlfemaesqpslnyvcdfylsiadqils
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>491,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
sarlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-19  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-19,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaadagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqaqhyrnlatkvhnnggkg
>Coccomyxa_subellipsoidea_C-169  coded_by=complement(75783..76649),organism=Coccomyxa subellipsoidea C-169,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mklavygkggigksttscnisialarrgrkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanrivasvrekarthplriaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesepqlcyvcdfylniadqllsqpegvvsqeladrelfsllsdfylnpqstpvtstvegldfmmi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._16LBIV  coded_by=<1..>745,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 16LBIV,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqahp
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannivkgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnskvihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsg
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>657,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
livgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannivkgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnskvihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsg
>Bradyrhizobium_daqingense  coded_by=<1..>658,organism=Bradyrhizobium daqingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
livgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23332  coded_by=<1..>694,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 23332,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismde
>Mesorhizobium_sp._ORS_3355  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. ORS 3355,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pmlapvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansrqappa
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>446,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlglaaeagsvedlelsdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Rhizobium_sp._CCGE_510  coded_by=6867..7760,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCGE 510,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlktgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavaaaq
>Rhizobium_sp._CCGE_510  coded_by=complement(55053..55946),organism=Rhizobium sp. CCGE 510,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlktgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavaaaq
>Rhizobium_sp._CCGE_510  coded_by=1..894,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCGE 510,definition=dinitrogenase reductase protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlktgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelqakesavaaaq
>Rhizobium_sp._TJ172  coded_by=<1..>634,organism=Rhizobium sp. TJ172,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaekgsvkdleledvlkigykgikcvksggpepgvgcagrgvitsinflkengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgkmmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealafrlnskpihfvprdnivqhaelrk
>Calocedrus_formosana  coded_by=<1..>645,organism=Calocedrus formosana,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase ChlL subunit
dpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegiv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>498,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilharaqntvmdlvrelgtvedlelqdvmkvgygdikcvesggpepxvgcsgrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdmefeliselarrlgtqii
>Clostridium_clostridioforme_CAG:511  coded_by=complement(5475..6251),organism=Clostridium clostridioforme CAG:511,definition=putative uncharacterized protein
mrkiafygkggigkstltssiaaaiagmdkrvmqigcdpkadstlnlragqeltsvmdvlqaygglcpsldaisvkgyrgivcveaggptpgsgcagrgiiktfdtlddfnafqvyapeyvffdvlgdvvcggfavpirqgyadevvivtsgekmalyaaanikkaldnfqergyaklrgivlncrnvpdevaivedfvqrigteiigvvprdsdiqraeeqnmtvvqmdselpvsqtiidiakrimvpveeqkegav
>Clostridium_bolteae_ATCC_BAA-613  coded_by=complement(55307..56083),organism=Clostridium bolteae ATCC BAA-613,definition=hypothetical protein
mrkiafygkggigkstltssiaaaiagmdkrvmqigcdpkadstlnlragqeltsvmdvlqaygglcpsldaisvkgyrgivcveaggptpgsgcagrgiiktfdtlddfnafqvyapeyvffdvlgdvvcggfavpirqgyadevvivtsgekmalyaaanikkaldnfqergyaklrgivlncrnvpdevaivedfvqrigteiigvvprdsdiqraeeqnmtvvqmdselpvsqtiidiakrimvpveeqkegav
>[Clostridium]_bolteae_90A5  coded_by=115860..116636,organism=[Clostridium] bolteae 90A5,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiafygkggigkstltssiaaaiagmdkrvmqigcdpkadstlnlragqeltsvmdvlqaygglcpsldaisvkgyrgivcveaggptpgsgcagrgiiktfdtlddfnafqvyapeyvffdvlgdvvcggfavpirqgyadevvivtsgekmalyaaanikkaldnfqergyaklrgivlncrnvpdevaivedfvqrigteiigvvprdsdiqraeeqnmtvvqmdselpvsqtiidiakrimvpveeqkegav
>[Clostridium]_bolteae_90B7  coded_by=complement(21096..21872),organism=[Clostridium] bolteae 90B7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiafygkggigkstltssiaaaiagmdkrvmqigcdpkadstlnlragqeltsvmdvlqaygglcpsldaisvkgyrgivcveaggptpgsgcagrgiiktfdtlddfnafqvyapeyvffdvlgdvvcggfavpirqgyadevvivtsgekmalyaaanikkaldnfqergyaklrgivlncrnvpdevaivedfvqrigteiigvvprdsdiqraeeqnmtvvqmdselpvsqtiidiakrimvpveeqkegav
>[Clostridium]_bolteae_90B8  coded_by=complement(342003..342779),organism=[Clostridium] bolteae 90B8,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiafygkggigkstltssiaaaiagmdkrvmqigcdpkadstlnlragqeltsvmdvlqaygglcpsldaisvkgyrgivcveaggptpgsgcagrgiiktfdtlddfnafqvyapeyvffdvlgdvvcggfavpirqgyadevvivtsgekmalyaaanikkaldnfqergyaklrgivlncrnvpdevaivedfvqrigteiigvvprdsdiqraeeqnmtvvqmdselpvsqtiidiakrimvpveeqkegav
>[Clostridium]_bolteae_WAL-14578  coded_by=complement(55778..56554),organism=[Clostridium] bolteae WAL-14578,definition=hypothetical protein
mrkiafygkggigkstltssiaaaiagmdkrvmqigcdpkadstlnlragqeltsvmdvlqaygglcpsldaisvkgyrgivcveaggptpgsgcagrgiiktfdtlddfnafqvyapeyvffdvlgdvvcggfavpirqgyadevvivtsgekmalyaaanikkaldnfqergyaklrgivlncrnvpdevaivedfvqrigteiigvvprdsdiqraeeqnmtvvqmdselpvsqtiidiakrimvpveeqkegav
>Clostridium_sp._FS41  coded_by=25175..25951,organism=Clostridium sp. FS41,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 1
mrkiafygkggigkstltssiaaaiagmdkrvmqigcdpkadstlnlragqeltsvmdvlqaygglcpsldaisvkgyrgivcveaggptpgsgcagrgiiktfdtlddfnafqvyapeyvffdvlgdvvcggfavpirqgyadevvivtsgekmalyaaanikkaldnfqergyaklrgivlncrnvpdevaivedfvqrigteiigvvprdsdiqraeeqnmtvvqmdselpvsqtiidiakrimvpveeqkegav
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._LG  coded_by=64205..65095,organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. LG,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtttlanrpdgegsvqvkldpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpqdfmfegfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnektglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdpeeegvlevqneylslakkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._SS51  coded_by=complement(164503..165393),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. SS51,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtttlanrpdgegsvqvkldpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpqdfmfegfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnektglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdpeeegvlevqneylslakkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_subsp._marinus_str._CCMP1375  coded_by=complement(517788..518678),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus subsp. marinus str. CCMP1375,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtttlanrpdgegsvqvkldpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpqdfmfegfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnektglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdpeeegvlevqneylslakkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._SS35  coded_by=complement(500960..501850),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. SS35,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtttlanrpdgegsvqvkldpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpqdfmfegfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnektglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdpeeegvlevqneylslakkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_sp._SS52  coded_by=60009..60899,organism=Prochlorococcus sp. SS52,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtttlanrpdgegsvqvkldpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpqdfmfegfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnektglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdpeeegvlevqneylslakkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._SS2  coded_by=60036..60926,organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. SS2,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtttlanrpdgegsvqvkldpkvnieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpqdfmfegfngvqcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnektglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdpeeegvlevqneylslakkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_Geobacter_sp.  coded_by=<1..>550,organism=uncultured Geobacter sp.,definition=NifH
kkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkvgygdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnaretdmeyeliselarrlgtqmihyvpr
>Fischerella_sp._JSC-11  coded_by=68374..69240,organism=Fischerella sp. JSC-11,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyediwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemadidpslnyvcdyylniadqllalpegvvpkdaqdrelfsllsdfylnpnkpqvpnpeeeldlmiv
>Rhizobium_tibeticum  coded_by=<1..>680,organism=Rhizobium tibeticum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
vdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyralaekihansgq
>Azospirillum_sp._TSH96  coded_by=<1..>572,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSH96,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkeidlaealakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapes
>Equisetum_arvense  coded_by=103699..104583,organism=Equisetum arvense,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkltvygkggigkstsscnisiafakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtleiknyhyedvwpediihkgfgevdcveaggppagtgcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnytdyciiitdngfdalfaanrivasvreksnthplrlaglvgnqtsdrdlidkyievcpmpvlevlplieyirvsrikgktlfemaesqgelinicdyylniadqllcqpegvipkeipdrelfgllsncylnpkaqvnnknigqideevdiefmll
>Equisetum_arvense  coded_by=complement(121691..122575),organism=Equisetum arvense,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkltvygkggigkstsscnisiafakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtleiknyhyedvwpediihkgfgevdcveaggppagtgcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnytdyciiitdngfdalfaanrivasvreksnthplrlaglvgnqtsdrdlidkyievcpmpvlevlplieyirvsrikgktlfemaesqgelinicdyylniadqllcqpegvipkeipdrelfgllsncylnpkaqvnnknigqideevdiefmll
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>443,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlrdegdeviledvlrpgyggthctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayeadldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkaqeiyivcsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlggvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaaaagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnrkmqntvmdmarekgtvedlelgevlltgfkgikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaygddtdfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrktdkefeliselasklgtq
>Loktanella_vestfoldensis_SKA53  coded_by=253000..254004,organism=Loktanella vestfoldensis SKA53,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase, BchX subunit
mkdeipnlkdfdqrlrdeaheepslevpsgpptsktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsakkklageevaigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaqafaeavkipvlcaipqnddlrkksanyqivgsydsewgpmfagladavgiappvrptpldqdgllglfdakdtggdyklvpatdmdmrgknavakesleviydda
>Mesorhizobium_sp._SCAU11  coded_by=<1..>788,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. SCAU11,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
iygnggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtvptpitmedlddml
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA14w  coded_by=<1..>572,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA14w,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapd
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA11  coded_by=<1..>571,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA11,definition=nitrogenase reductase
dstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapd
>Glyptostrobus_pensilis  coded_by=600..1472,organism=Glyptostrobus pensilis,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsirdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpidegkhqnnkenllgftti
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntiaglaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttilhlaaergavedleleevlltgyqkvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaledfdfvsydvlgdvvwggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6093  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6093,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlaakvhnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SEMIA_6069  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SEMIA 6069,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlaakvhnngg
>Rhizobium_phaseoli  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=Rhizobium phaseoli,definition=dinitrogenase reductase protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptp
>Rhizobium_sp._NCHA22  coded_by=<1..>800,organism=Rhizobium sp. NCHA22,definition=NifH
efalygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyrtlaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlra
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=<1..>702,organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=FrxC
sialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyxdiwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplxyadxcviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtgkelelaeamakklgtq
>Magnetospirillum_magneticum_AMB-1  coded_by=complement(1703953..1704840),organism=Magnetospirillum magneticum AMB-1,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH
mvrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaakagsvedleledvmkigykgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalfaanniakgilkyagsggvrlgglicnerqtdrelelaealakklntqmihfvprdngvqhaelrrqtviqyapdskqageyralatkihnnggkgtiptpitmeeledmllefgimksdeqalaeleakektlcsag
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=complement(50952..51833),organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
matrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqetimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgfgdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyassggvrlaglicnsrntaredelimelarqlgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpksgqadeyrtlaqkiidnqmfvvptpismdaledllmefgvleeedesivgktaadeava
>Marichromatium_purpuratum_984  coded_by=670381..671262,organism=Marichromatium purpuratum 984,definition=nitrogenase reductase
matrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqetimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgfgdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyassggvrlaglicnsrntaredelimelarqlgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpksgqadeyrtlaqkiidnqmfvvptpismdaledllmefgvleeedesivgktaadeava
>Methylocystis_bryophila  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Methylocystis bryophila,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleieevmkvgyldircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Methylocystis_bryophila  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Methylocystis bryophila,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleieevmkvgyldircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_ZM4_=_ATCC_31821  coded_by=1866295..1867182,organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis ZM4 = ATCC 31821,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mskirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlklgykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyagtggvrlgglicnerqtdreyelaealakrlnsklihfvprnnivqhaelrkqtvlqyapdsdqaneyrelarkihensgkgtiptpitmeeleemllefgimkteeqelaelaakesavak
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_str._CP4_=_NRRL_B-14023  coded_by=complement(1520143..1521030),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis str. CP4 = NRRL B-14023,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mskirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlklgykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyagtggvrlgglicnerqtdreyelaealakrlnsklihfvprnnivqhaelrkqtvlqyapdsdqaneyrelarkihensgkgtiptpitmeeleemllefgimkteeqelaelaakesavak
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_str._CP4_=_NRRL_B-14023  coded_by=complement(1533754..1534641),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis str. CP4 = NRRL B-14023,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mskirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlklgykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyagtggvrlgglicnerqtdreyelaealakrlnsklihfvprnnivqhaelrkqtvlqyapdsdqaneyrelarkihensgkgtiptpitmeeleemllefgimkteeqelaelaakesavak
>Zymomonas_mobilis_subsp._mobilis_NRRL_B-12526  coded_by=complement(1533056..1533943),organism=Zymomonas mobilis subsp. mobilis NRRL B-12526,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mskirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlklgykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyagtggvrlgglicnerqtdreyelaealakrlnsklihfvprnnivqhaelrkqtvlqyapdsdqaneyrelarkihensgkgtiptpitmeeleemllefgimkteeqelaelaakesavak
>Pseudotsuga_sinensis_var._wilsoniana  coded_by=94542..95417,organism=Pseudotsuga sinensis var. wilsoniana,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlihkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpisgggqkkknqenllgftri
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsdemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Microcystis_sp._T1-4  coded_by=complement(17487..18356),organism=Microcystis sp. T1-4,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviydgyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_7941  coded_by=4221..5090,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 7941,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviydgyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_panniformis_FACHB-1757  coded_by=complement(3946072..3946941),organism=Microcystis panniformis FACHB-1757,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviydgyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=complement(6050793..6051659),organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdliekyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylsiadqilarpegvvpndapdrelfsllsdfylnpgkpqvpnpeeeldlmiv
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..>487,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=nitrogenase reductase
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpitmeel
>Mesorhizobium_plurifarium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=Mesorhizobium plurifarium,definition=nitrogenase reductase
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpitmeel
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>782,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaandiargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitmdeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_arachidis  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Bradyrhizobium arachidis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhknggk
>Dorea_formicigenerans_ATCC_27755  coded_by=complement(33970..34716),organism=Dorea formicigenerans ATCC 27755,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkiaiygkggigkstvtgnlavafaqtgyrvlqigcdpkadstmnivgeqgiepvmdvlrggnihpaledickvgfagvycveaggpipgmgcagrgiittfelleeleafekinpdivlfdvlgdvvcggfaapirenyadeviivtsgekmslyaagnivkavksfetrgyasvkgvilnrrnvedeevevvrfleenelpllgdiprdnliqqcekksqtvlegakesevaemfrylakkivee
>Desulfotomaculum_ruminis_DSM_2154  coded_by=complement(3509564..3510382),organism=Desulfotomaculum ruminis DSM 2154,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglsqktvldtlrdegedidledillegfgsskcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivasgemmalyaanniskgiqkyaqsggvrlggiicnsrrvdnelelltafakelgsqlihfvprdnmvqkaeinrktvidydpdqpqaneyrtlaknidgndmfvvpkpmsqdrleellmkhgild
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrsvldtlreegedveladirsggfcsslcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgaydssenldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Ruminococcus_albus_SY3  coded_by=complement(479243..480007),organism=Ruminococcus albus SY3,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
miklaiygkggigkstctanlaaafaslgkrviqigcdpkadstinllggtpvtpvmdymrdrdeeptsieeisqigfggilcietggptpglgcagrgiittfslleelelfekfkpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyadkvlivtsgekmalyaanninkavknfedrsyakvrgiimnrraveneeekvrafaesagldvaadiprsadiikyedmgktviegdpecetskrffdlakkliaeeeqdd
>Ruminococcus_albus_7_=_DSM_20455  coded_by=618542..619306,organism=Ruminococcus albus 7 = DSM 20455,definition=Nitrogenase
miklaiygkggigkstctanlaaafaslgkrviqigcdpkadstinllggtpvtpvmdymrdrdeeptsieeisqigfggilcietggptpglgcagrgiittfslleelelfekfkpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyadkvlivtsgekmalyaanninkavknfedrsyakvrgiimnrraveneeekvrafaesagldvaadiprsadiikyedmgktviegdpecetskrffdlakkliaeeeqdd
>Alsophila_spinulosa  coded_by=complement(131410..132291),organism=Alsophila spinulosa,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit
mkvavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyedvwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnasyeydiilfdvlgdvvrggfaapsnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanciaasvrekahthplrlaglvgnrtserdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaecqpnlnyvcdfhsnvadqtlskpegivpreipdrelfsllsdfylnpnsekgkeiqnsqqntpldftii
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmrigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Frankia_sp._ACN14a  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. ACN14a,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfamlirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Rubrivivax_benzoatilyticus_JA2  coded_by=64275..65279,organism=Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
msqttspvilmrderlkneaaiepdavstapvtkttqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkatptiietsskkklageavsigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcnaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafaanvgipvlaaipanedirrksaayeivarpgttwgplfeqlatnvaeappvrptplsqdallglfssestgrdvvlepatvqdmlgkdeivrptlevvydaa
>Frankia_sp._Thr  coded_by=216341..217204,organism=Frankia sp. Thr,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpkneqadqyrqlakkivdndmktiptpitmdeleelliefgimeqedesiigkaaava
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.23  coded_by=complement(149411..150274),organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.23,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpkneqadqyrqlakkivdndmktiptpitmdeleelliefgimeqedesiigkaaava
>Frankia_sp._CcI3  coded_by=complement(5359742..5360605),organism=Frankia sp. CcI3,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpkneqadqyrqlakkivdndmktiptpitmdeleelliefgimeqedesiigkaaava
>Frankia_sp._CcI6  coded_by=112479..113342,organism=Frankia sp. CcI6,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpkneqadqyrqlakkivdndmktiptpitmdeleelliefgimeqedesiigkaaava
>Frankia_sp._Allo2  coded_by=234593..235456,organism=Frankia sp. Allo2,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpkneqadqyrqlakkivdndmktiptpitmdeleelliefgimeqedesiigkaaava
>Frankia_sp._CeD  coded_by=21092..21955,organism=Frankia sp. CeD,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsisyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpkneqadqyrqlakkivdndmktiptpitmdeleelliefgimeqedesiigkaaava
>Desulfovibrio_fructosovorans_JJ  coded_by=complement(105509..106333),organism=Desulfovibrio fructosovorans JJ,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgnrimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegedvdlddilkvgykdtrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayqadkkldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkyadagtvrlgglicnsrkvdneremieelaerlgtqmihfmprdnqvqraeihrktvidyspehqqadeyralaekvhnnemfvvpkpmsinelekllidfgian
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrly
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=complement(1803280..1804272),organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtglpplcppapvaeqpdraggstlgprpgetqiiaiygkggigksftlsnlsymmarqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfagracptiietaakkrlageevriedvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfeileklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvvnnvcsaveyfrrlggsvgvagmvinkedgtgeaqafaakagvpvlatipanedirrksaayeivampggewaplfealaanvaaappihptaltqeellglfksedvgrdvvlepatmedmcggviearpsleivyetp
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=complement(1911271..1912152),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 1
mtmgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaarlgckmihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapeskqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrlaaiaaaea
>Clostridium_cellulolyticum_H10  coded_by=<1..637,organism=Clostridium cellulolyticum H10,definition=iron nitrogenase
nsknisidnivtkgfantycieaggpepgigcagrgiisaieiieqlnlikeldievvvydvlgdvvcggfavplrmgfakeeylvtsgevmalyaanniskainrfaqrsdvrlggiicnqrnaylekeivnilssklgthiigwiprdnivqecelaektvvegspesnqaqvykelaksiiennnyviptplsdeefdkmvkeplikr
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=827..1705,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase reductase
makkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalsvagykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggeyiptvldtlrdkqivrahdvifegfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitsvsllkqqkvfeeldldyviydvlgdvvcggfavpvregiaehvftvtsadfmalyaannlfkgihkysteggallggviansinapyakeivddfvarthtqvmeyvprsvsvtqaelqgkttieadpnskqaqiykslaqkivdhteskvpvpletselrewasnwgkqlveleagvlspaaagnl
>Paenibacillus_durus_ATCC_35681  coded_by=1897760..1898638,organism=Paenibacillus durus ATCC 35681,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makkikqiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalsvagykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggeyiptvldtlrdkqivrahdvifegfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitsvsllkqqkvfeeldldyviydvlgdvvcggfavpvregiaehvftvtsadfmalyaannlfkgihkysteggallggviansinapyakeivddfvarthtqvmeyvprsvsvtqaelqgkttieadpnskqaqiykslaqkivdhteskvpvpletselrewasnwgkqlveleagvlspaaagnl
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>713,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>712,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(310276..311121),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makrlrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglveqgkhvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtirdnkteiqlsdlekvgfkgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiakyaergevrlggiicnsrnvdneldllraftkelntqliqyvprnnivqqaeirkktvidfepncnqanvyrelaknidenelftiptpmtqdrleqilidygmmekdysi
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(1345295..1346140),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makrlrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglveqgkhvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtirdnkteiqlsdlekvgfkgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiakyaergevrlggiicnsrnvdneldllraftkelntqliqyvprnnivqqaeirkktvidfepncnqanvyrelaknidenelftiptpmtqdrleqilidygmmekdysi
>Fibrobacter_succinogenes_subsp._succinogenes_S85  coded_by=complement(1792013..1792858),organism=Fibrobacter succinogenes subsp. succinogenes S85,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makrlrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaglveqgkhvlvvgcdpkadstrlllgglhqktvldtirdnkteiqlsdlekvgfkgvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsismleqlgaytedldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiakyaergevrlggiicnsrnvdneldllraftkelntqliqyvprnnivqqaeirkktvidfepncnqanvyrelaknidenelftiptpmtqdrleqilidygmmekdysi
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqgtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsr
>Rhodospirillum_photometricum_DSM_122  coded_by=complement(637151..638035),organism=Rhodospirillum photometricum DSM 122,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mettrgcrpvktrpkeplimtrkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayyhdknvfihgcdpkadstrlilgglpqetvmdtlrqvgaekvtldkvvktgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeaneaytddldfiffdvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyvvasgemmaiyaannickglvkyakqsgvrlggvicnsrkvdgeyeflqeftaaigtkmihfvprdnivqkaefnkktvteydpaanqameykqlaqaimdntdfvipkpltmdelekmvvkygiad
>Halorhodospira_abdelmalekii  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Halorhodospira abdelmalekii,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvmhlaaeagsvedleledvmqvgygdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeeeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Desulfatibacillum_alkenivorans_AK-01  coded_by=complement(2007724..2008548),organism=Desulfatibacillum alkenivorans AK-01,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglsemgkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqrtvldtlreegedvelddvrkvgyagtlctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayadseeldyafydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaanniskgivkfaeaggvrlgglicnsrnvdneremieafaaklgtqmihfvprdnmvqraeinrktviefdpahsqadeyrtlarkidanemrvipspleieelekllidygiaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=60320..61318,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=bacteriochlorophyllide reductase subunit, 35.5 kDa chain
mnaptkitaitdalraeaaiepdapvtaapkkatqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggracptiletsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelieklgfhdwgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkviivgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagivinkddstgeaqafadavgipvlasipadddirrksasyqiigkpgtawaplfeqlatnvaeappqhphpltqdgllglfkasevgrdvvleqatledmcgstavakpsleviydnv
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>756,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lfvvplaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledml
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeslskmlgsr
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM1284  coded_by=<1..>683,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM1284,definition=NifH
nklilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtipt
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cfs4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cfs4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._cvr1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. cvr1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Lppb2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Lppb2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._LcCT4  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. LcCT4,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlat
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=complement(126200..127090),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, vnfH
mprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlalaaeagsvedleledvmkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyassggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapdsqqakeyralaskihansgngtiptpitmeeleemlldfgimkteeqqlaelaakeaakaaava
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RRSSET16  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RRSSET16,definition=NifH
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpisme
>Rhizobium_tropici  coded_by=<1..>455,organism=Rhizobium tropici,definition=NifH
itsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqagqyrtlaekihansgqgt
>Rhizobium_huautlense  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=Rhizobium huautlense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsnqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeele
>Rhizobium_sp._CCBAU_65255  coded_by=<1..>757,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCBAU 65255,definition=nitrogenase reductase
vlflntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdeleyml
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>596,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>595,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
agqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtv
>Burkholderia_sp._SWF66044  coded_by=<1..>679,organism=Burkholderia sp. SWF66044,definition=nitrogenase reductase
afygkggigksttsqntlaalsdleqkilivgcdpkavstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyap
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11257  coded_by=<1..825,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11257,definition=NifH
tlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.15  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.15,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrl
>Synechocystis_sp._PCC_6803  coded_by=1539..2474,organism=Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803,definition=frxC protein
mrsaqrrphnpehspraflgatpltltlavygkggigksttscnistalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviykgyagvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaakriaasvrekarthslrlaglignrtskrdlidkyieavpmpvleilpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilsqpegvvpkdaqdrdlfsllsdfylnptqpasqtkeldlmmv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Thuja_occidentalis  coded_by=291..1163,organism=Thuja occidentalis,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgenvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihagyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeyniilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdslfaanritasirekarthplrlvglvgnrtsqrdlikkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrikgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkqipdrelfnllsdlylnpidkgkdqnnkknllgftmv
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>468,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttthntvaglaymgkkviivgcdpkadstrlimhakahktvmdlvrelgtvddleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaikfleengaytpdldlvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanni
>Desulfosporosinus_meridiei_DSM_13257  coded_by=888012..888839,organism=Desulfosporosinus meridiei DSM 13257,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlvegylgvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytadtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqtgtvrlgglicnsrqtdreseliealakslntqmihfmprdnevqraevrkqtvieynsthkqadeyralaskienntkmtiptplsmdelealmmefgimem
>Desulfosporosinus_meridiei_DSM_13257  coded_by=complement(4178369..4179196),organism=Desulfosporosinus meridiei DSM 13257,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlvegylgvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytadtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqtgtvrlgglicnsrqtdreseliealakslntqmihfmprdnevqraevrkqtvieynsthkqadeyralaskienntkmtiptplsmdelealmmefgimem
>Desulfosporosinus_sp._HMP52  coded_by=complement(70660..71487),organism=Desulfosporosinus sp. HMP52,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlvegylgvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytadtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqtgtvrlgglicnsrqtdreseliealakslntqmihfmprdnevqraevrkqtvieynsthkqadeyralaskienntkmtiptplsmdelealmmefgimem
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae_342  coded_by=1..882,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae 342,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mtmrqcatyfkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihsvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaekkra
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=1..882,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=NifH
mtmrqcatyfkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihsvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaekkra
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_305  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 305,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqaeh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_304  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 304,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqaeh
>Paenibacillus_durus  coded_by=970..1848,organism=Paenibacillus durus,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mskkprqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlattfgqkimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhmaaelgsaedleledvlatgfgdilcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydgmdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyaqsgsvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvtqynpehnqaneykqladkilhnemlniptpiemdeleqllidfgvvedeetalkkleaagh
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsk
>Selenomonas_artemidis_F0399  coded_by=140761..141570,organism=Selenomonas artemidis F0399,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiafygkggigksttasnvsaafaemgrrvcqigcdpkndstrlllgricketvldierekkgaaelsdivhtgwhgikcieaggpdpgvgcagrgiivalerlktlhaiededivlydvlgdvvcggfavpiregyateiyivssgelmslyaanniakgvarfaargsvrlggiignsrnvareeelltafaarlntrliafvpraqivhaaeirrktviehapedaqaevyrtlareietnerlsvpqsmefeelealvesygn
>Frankia_sp._BMG5.4  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. BMG5.4,definition=nitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfstydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Derxia_gummosa  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Derxia gummosa,definition=iron protein of nitrogenase
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerktdkelelaeslakklgttlihfvprdnirsarrtaphdghrirpgfgpsrpiplaghqgprqqgqg
>Mesorhizobium_robiniae  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Mesorhizobium robiniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtipt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvlhvaaekgavedveleevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_WS8N  coded_by=complement(1683723..1684598),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides WS8N,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaarlgckmihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapeskqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrlaaiaaaea
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides  coded_by=263..1138,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides,definition=NifH
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaarlgckmihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapeskqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrlaaiaaaea
>Rhodobacter_sp._AKP1  coded_by=411..1286,organism=Rhodobacter sp. AKP1,definition=Nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein NifH
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaarlgckmihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapeskqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrlaaiaaaea
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17029  coded_by=complement(2323297..2324172),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17029,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaarlgckmihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapeskqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrlaaiaaaea
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_2.4.1  coded_by=complement(2278346..2279221),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides 2.4.1,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaarlgckmihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapeskqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrlaaiaaaea
>Rhizobium_gallicum  coded_by=<1..>555,organism=Rhizobium gallicum,definition=NifH protein
cvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledml
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ghrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniskgilkyahsggvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlaeamakklgtt
>Beijerinckia_indica_subsp._indica_ATCC_9039  coded_by=533912..534784,organism=Beijerinckia indica subsp. indica ATCC 9039,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaclaqmghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqdtilslaaaagsvedleiedvmkvgyldikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeelakrlgtklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvveyapdskqadeyrtlankvhankgngiiptpitmdeledilmahgimkqvdesqvgltaaqlsa
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>Fischerella_sp._UTEX_'LB_1931'  coded_by=241..1128,organism=Fischerella sp. UTEX 'LB 1931',definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreaelienlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqsqeyralakkiinntkltiptpmemdeleallieygildddtkhadiigkpaeasak
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._viciae_3841  coded_by=complement(161748..162641),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. viciae 3841,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqardaklkaaq
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_medicae  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Sinorhizobium medicae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpit
>Adiantum_capillus-veneris  coded_by=complement(126266..127147),organism=Adiantum capillus-veneris,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit chlL
mkvavygkggigksttscnisialarrgrkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqvkdyhyedvwpedviyrgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekshthplrlaglvgnrtsgrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlplvedirvsrvkgktlfemaeyqpnlnyvcdfylniadqilsepegvvpreipdrelfsllsdfylnstftnesdggydhqdvpldftii
>Delftia_tsuruhatensis  coded_by=<1..864,organism=Delftia tsuruhatensis,definition=NifH
afygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrktdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcqqaneyrqlaqkivnntkkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Mesorhizobium_tarimense  coded_by=<1..>746,organism=Mesorhizobium tarimense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaeagykamivgcdpkadatrlilhkkaqntvmdmarergtvedleidevlltgfkdikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrktdkeheliselakrlgtqlihfvp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqntvaglaeagykamivgcdpkadatrlilhkkaqntvmdmarergtvedleidevlltgfkdikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyaqsggvrlgglicnsrktdkeheliselakrlgtqlihfvp
>Mesorhizobium_mediterraneum  coded_by=<1..>557,organism=Mesorhizobium mediterraneum,definition=NifH protein
vgggaggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklvhfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledml
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_51012  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 51012,definition=NifH
atlaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpi
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>660,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyra
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaassvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Peptoniphilus_sp._oral_taxon_375_str._F0436  coded_by=1106241..1107047,organism=Peptoniphilus sp. oral taxon 375 str. F0436,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein 1
miriayygkggigkstvaanisgilgsmgkkvlhigcdpkadstrllakeeiedvlsklktgdikdykdfvyegkhgvhlvevggpiagigcaglgittalemltdlgvyemdwdviaydvlgdvvcggfavpikkhfvdvvqlvtssnymsiyaannimkcvemsqskkspielhlignhisspqdeeilqkfcnrtkvetffhlaesdlvkqadylnqllidfapqsqeckelqkiaeetlngqdlyftkslskeeldqfrrslfe
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklsaq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strliphakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>Frankia_sp._Cc1.17  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. Cc1.17,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrln
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttqnlvaalaeagkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtavmqlaaeagsvedleledvmavgyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyiavsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Desulfobacterium_sp.  coded_by=complement(134868..135659),organism=uncultured Desulfobacterium sp.,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mgkstttqntvaglaesgkkvmvvgcdpkgdstrlllggiaqrtvldtlreegedvelddvrkagfsgilctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayaedvkldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkfaeaggvrlgglicnsrkvdnekemilafadalgtqmvhflprdnmvqkaeinrktviefdkehpqaeeyrilakkidenkmmvipkilpmddlekllieygias
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlt
>Chlorobaculum_parvum_NCIB_8327  coded_by=complement(798722..799819),organism=Chlorobaculum parvum NCIB 8327,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mapktiaiygkggigksftttnlsatfammnkrvlqlgcdpkhdsttslfggmslptvtevfaeknakneqvqisdivfrrdipdfpqpiygielggpqvgrgcggrgiisgfdvleklgifewdidiilmdflgdvvcggfatplarslseevilvtsndrqsiftsnnicqannyfrtiggrsrllgmivnrddgsgmaekyakaaginvlmkvpynleardmddsfdfavrlpeigapfrklaeeilnnaitpcnasglsfadfvklfgdvsdelpvaasadelfkrngdtdagnggqnreqqrllecieqlpeaereiytllevkgkspeqiaelkgvgqeqvqatiasarkamrklffgl
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_10-5250  coded_by=331100..331981,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca 10-5250,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpackqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=4178..5059,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=Klebsiella pneumoniae DNA for nif gene cluster
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpackqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_pneumoniae  coded_by=291..1172,organism=Klebsiella pneumoniae,definition=K. pneumoniae genes nifH and nifD (fragment). nifH codes for the Fe protein of the nitrogenase enzyme complex and nifD codes for the alpha subunit of the Mo-Fe protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpackqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca_M5al  coded_by=complement(189428..190309),organism=Klebsiella oxytoca M5al,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpackqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Cloning_vector_SBa_000534  coded_by=52..933,organism=Cloning vector SBa_000534,definition=NifH
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpackqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>Klebsiella_oxytoca  coded_by=3873889..3874770,organism=Klebsiella oxytoca,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mtmrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygdvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpackqaneyrtlaqkivnntmkvvptpctmdelesllmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqktlaalveldqkilivgckpkadstrlilshakaqdkvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigkgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitinfldengayyddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqdiyivisgemmalyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilsxaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=3148233..3149105,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=Nitrogenase
mssnkpkhiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeaghrviqigcdpksdsttilrggedlptvldslrdsgrptiadvsaigfggvlcieaggpvpgvgcagrginaavdllhelklfeefkpdyvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirngiaesafvvtssdfmaifaannlfkaiskyapsggarlggviansiqtpyasaliddfasrtgtnvvgyvprsltvaqselygqtvieaaptseqadvyrqlarhiagdhpvsipkplnapalkqwakqwgdrvfggaaerrlvevv
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=182474..183346,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein (nitrogenase component II) (nitrogenase reductase)
mssnkpkhiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeaghrviqigcdpksdsttilrggedlptvldslrdsgrptiadvsaigfggvlcieaggpvpgvgcagrginaavdllhelklfeefkpdyvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirngiaesafvvtssdfmaifaannlfkaiskyapsggarlggviansiqtpyasaliddfasrtgtnvvgyvprsltvaqselygqtvieaaptseqadvyrqlarhiagdhpvsipkplnapalkqwakqwgdrvfggaaerrlvevv
>Taxodium_distichum_var._imbricarium  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Taxodium distichum var. imbricarium,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Athrotaxis_cupressoides  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Athrotaxis cupressoides,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Athrotaxis_selaginoides  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Athrotaxis selaginoides,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Athrotaxis_laxifolia  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Athrotaxis laxifolia,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Taiwania_flousiana  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Taiwania flousiana,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Taiwania_cryptomerioides  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Taiwania cryptomerioides,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Sequoiadendron_giganteum  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Sequoiadendron giganteum,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Sequoia_sempervirens  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Sequoia sempervirens,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Taxodium_mucronatum  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Taxodium mucronatum,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Cryptomeria_fortunei  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cryptomeria fortunei,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladalakmlgsk
>Frankia_sp._NRRLB-16412  coded_by=<1..>542,organism=Frankia sp. NRRLB-16412,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mavmaemgrrvmivgwdtnansillilhlkaqtsviqiaaaqecvedlkleeilfaaqwaircvesgsqepwagsagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrl
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdtkrvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklstq
>Syntrophobacter_fumaroxidans_MPOB  coded_by=complement(1254398..1255222),organism=Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans MPOB,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglsqktvldtlrtegedvelddirkvgfsksicvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayastqaldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkfaeaggvrlgglicnsrkvdnekemieafarqlgtqmihfvprdnmvqraeinrktviefdpahsqadeyrslarkiedndmhvipkpmhtdhleklliehglaa
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=1154..2056,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mskaplrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqaeeyrqlaskihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlmdfgimkseeqqlaelaakeaakaaasa
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>582,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
amaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A11  coded_by=111166..111987,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A11,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralaqaidtnklfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmda
>Pelosinus_fermentans_DSM_17108  coded_by=complement(44172..44993),organism=Pelosinus fermentans DSM 17108,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralaqaidtnklfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmda
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B3  coded_by=8250..9071,organism=Pelosinus fermentans B3,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralaqaidtnklfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmda
>Pelosinus_fermentans_A12  coded_by=8454..9275,organism=Pelosinus fermentans A12,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralaqaidtnklfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmda
>Pelosinus_fermentans_B4  coded_by=complement(134870..135691),organism=Pelosinus fermentans B4,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvgalaeagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllhglcqktvldtlrdegddidlddilkpgylgtmcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivasgelmalyaanniakgiqkyavngkvrlggiicnsrkvdkeyellkafaeeigsqliyfvprdnlvqraeinkktvvdfdpesgqadeyralaqaidtnklfvipkpmtqdrleeimmehgfmda
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Frankia_sp._Ag8c  coded_by=<1..>597,organism=Frankia sp. Ag8c,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..835,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdskqaneyrqlankihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimsaidesqvgktaselta
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Desulfobacterium_autotrophicum_HRM2  coded_by=1106211..1107032,organism=Desulfobacterium autotrophicum HRM2,definition=NifH2
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglveaghkimvvgcdpkadstrlllnglaqktvldtlreegedvvledvlklgyggtmctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayeneeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampmregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkfaesggirlgglicnsravdfekdmiealaeklgtqmihfiprenvvqraeinrktvieyepehsqadeyrmlakkinenekyviptpieieeleellvtygias
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45389  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 45389,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismeel
>Vibrio_diazotrophicus  coded_by=1..>688,organism=Vibrio diazotrophicus,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mairqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmiigcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedieledvlkvgygdvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgickyaatgsvrlaglicnsrntdredelimaladkigtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvi
>Desulfovibrio_desulfuricans_ND132  coded_by=complement(1437333..1438160),organism=Desulfovibrio desulfuricans ND132,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgrkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqksvldtlreegedveledirkpgyggtwcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleslgayeesegldyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkyaesggvrlgglicnsrntdreaelitelasklgtqmiyfvprdndvqraeinrktviewdgtvpqaneyrglakaidenqmftipkplqiedleqllmdygimea
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleiedvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeyelsdalaqklgtk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleiedvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeyelsdalaqklgtk
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvlslaaeagsvedleiedvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeyelsdalaqklgtk
>Coprococcus_catus_GD/7  coded_by=2709255..2710016,organism=Coprococcus catus GD/7,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
mikiavygkggigksttvsnvavalaekglkvmqigcdpkadstmqlrhgeavptvlelvnqrkndfeledmvrigfggvvcveaggptpgmgcagrgiitaleklkekgayevyqpdvvlydvlgdvvcggftmpmrkgyadkvfivtsgenmsihaaaniamaidnfknrgyaslgglilnrrnvkredekvaeladdfktsvvgtlsrseqvllaeekqqilleafpdsemadeyrklaeqilavcearg
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>576,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
rvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Taxodium_distichum  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Taxodium distichum,definition=FrxC
isialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_C6  coded_by=complement(1694838..1695665),organism=Methanococcus maripaludis C6,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mvrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaamahfhdkkvfihgcdpkadstrlilhgkqqvtmmdtlrekgedectpdkvievgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitlmeqhgvyednldfvffdvlgdvvcggfampvrdgkadeiyvvasgemmalyaannickgmvkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrnvdgelellqefcdkigtqlihfvprdnivqkaefqkkavvdfddtcnqameykelarkiientnlviptpmtmdeleeltskygfld
>Clostridium_botulinum_Bf  coded_by=91574..92323,organism=Clostridium botulinum Bf,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihcmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecemadqyrilakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum_CDC_1436  coded_by=complement(3713758..3714507),organism=Clostridium botulinum CDC_1436,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 1
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihcmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecemadqyrilakilleggk
>Clostridium_botulinum_Ba4_str._657  coded_by=794198..794947,organism=Clostridium botulinum Ba4 str. 657,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvsaamaemgltvmqigcdpkadstrnltggkniptvldtlrekgdielddlvfksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdvilydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatniahavksfgkrgyaslrglilnskkieneqelvrkvaeeietpvihcmardpyvqkaealgktvveafpecemadqyrilakilleggk
>Leptospirillum_ferrodiazotrophum  coded_by=1..876,organism=Leptospirillum ferrodiazotrophum,definition=NifH
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqstvlslaaeagtvedleiedvmkqgfsdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdreydliealakrlntqlihfvprnnivqhaelrrmtvmefapessqaeeyrqlakkidanggkgtiptpitmdeledllmefgvmktvdesivgkkadevava
>Roseovarius_sp._TM1035  coded_by=complement(52265..53269),organism=Roseovarius sp. TM1035,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mkdevpnlkdfdqrlrdeaheeptleipqgepksktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstrknlagepvkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddhsgeaqafaksvnipvlaaipqdddlrkksanyqivgtaasqwgdlfaeladavsvappvrpnpldqdgllalfdskdtggdyvlepatdedmrgkyaapkaslevvydda
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=3487..4350,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepavgcagrgvitsinyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpknsqadqyrelarkivdndmktiptpitmdeleelliefgimqqedesiiakaaava
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=216..1079,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mrqiafygkggigksttqqntmaamaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepavgcagrgvitsinyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvieydpknsqadqyrelarkivdndmktiptpitmdeleelliefgimqqedesiiakaaava
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_51377  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 51377,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Rhodomicrobium_vannielii_ATCC_17100  coded_by=complement(1101881..1102816),organism=Rhodomicrobium vannielii ATCC 17100,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
msmytripaqpipqyrakgaagqdegdgdgsmqvhldpnmkignakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkcmiptvidvletvnfhteelrpedymfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvklmkehhlldetdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqyaeralivtandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksknyrvrlggvianrsratdeidrfnaaiglkrmahvpdldcirvsrlkkktlfemdpsedveraqaeylqlakamwdgsepleakpmkdrdifeflgfn
>Rhodomicrobium_udaipurense_JA643  coded_by=complement(37361..38296),organism=Rhodomicrobium udaipurense JA643,definition=protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase
msmytripaqpipqyrakgaagqdegdgdgsmqvhldpnmkignakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkcmiptvidvletvnfhteelrpedymfegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvklmkehhlldetdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfaaplqyaeralivtandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksknyrvrlggvianrsratdeidrfnaaiglkrmahvpdldcirvsrlkkktlfemdpsedveraqaeylqlakamwdgsepleakpmkdrdifeflgfn
>Pinus_pringlei  coded_by=93111..93986,organism=Pinus pringlei,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveaxpmpvixvlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknkkeillgftri
>Leptospirillum_ferriphilum  coded_by=<1..876,organism=Leptospirillum ferriphilum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsemgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvlslaaeagtvedleiedvmktgfrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdreyeliealakrlntqlihfvprnnvvqhaelrrmtvlefapessqaeeyrqlarkvdanagkgtiptpitmdeleellmdfgvmktvdetlvgkkaeetava
>Sinorhizobium_medicae_WSM419  coded_by=complement(1146077..1146970),organism=Sinorhizobium medicae WSM419,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeqmlaelhakeakviaph
>Methylobacterium_populi_BJ001  coded_by=complement(5727800..5728693),organism=Methylobacterium populi BJ001,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniairnpvpirreegslqvaldpadrietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidalesvnfhseelrpedfvvegfngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihsksknygvrlggvianrsaktdeidrfnaavglrrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemepspelkavtdeymqlaetlwagadpceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>Treponema_azotonutricium_ZAS-9  coded_by=647477..648352,organism=Treponema azotonutricium ZAS-9,definition=nitrogenase iron protein 2 (Nitrogenase component II)(Nitrogenase Fe protein 2) (Nitrogenase reductase)
manqkakhiaiygkggigkstttsnisaslaeagyrviqigcdpksdstnvlrgneylptvldsmrdgskvhledisrlgfggvlciesggpvpgvgcagrginaavtllqelhlfdefkpdfvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirdgitdrayvvsssdfmaiyaannlfkaiskyaptggaklggvignglsaaysqgiiddfakrtgagvtgyiprsltvsqselygktvieaspesehaglyrelakkvsenedlvipnplaaadlrswakdwgdkifklelgvvegregi
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83994  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83994,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83980  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83980,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83979  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83979,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83978  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83978,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_muleiense  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium muleiense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83953  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83953,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83951  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83951,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83943  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83943,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_muleiense  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium muleiense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83935  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83935,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_83919  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 83919,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_muleiense  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium muleiense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_831015  coded_by=<1..>493,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 831015,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealagrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgt
>Cupriavidus_sp._cmp2  coded_by=<1..>473,organism=Cupriavidus sp. cmp2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalselgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlg
>Cyanothece_sp._ATCC_51142  coded_by=11596..12468,organism=Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142,definition=nitrogen fixation protein H
mrqiafygkggigksttsqntiaalaetnrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhtkaqttilhlaaergtvedieleevllegyqgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleeegayedldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvnceaelieelarrlgtqmihfvprskqvqeaelrrmtvieyspdhpqaqeyrelsrkienntnlviptpitmeeleellvdfgilggedeyekalqadkaatka
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrln
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA13  coded_by=<1..>671,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA13,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alveldqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqageyralankiha
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenktqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=complement(3068137..3068955),organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaemkkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdleeimkigygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgayedeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmamyaanniskgiskfanvggvrlggvicnsrkvanerelleafakelgtqliyfvprsqdvqraeinkqtviqfspeveqadeyrelakaidgndmfvipkpmaqerledilmehglle
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=complement(3136635..3137453),organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifH4
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglaemkkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedvdleeimkigygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmleqlgayedeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmamyaanniskgiskfanvggvrlggvicnsrkvanerelleafakelgtqliyfvprsqdvqraeinkqtviqfspeveqadeyrelakaidgndmfvipkpmaqerledilmehglle
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlvqlaknhdqkvmivgcdpkadstrlvlntkaqdtvlslaaergtvedldaeevigtgfagikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfledegayegldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Acidiphilium_sp._PM  coded_by=1122..2090,organism=Acidiphilium sp. PM,definition=BchX
mnasagrtapdteigasanpakktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsysmaqlgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkscptiietsarrkaageaveigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelldklgfhqwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsavdyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaqafaaaagipvlaaipadedirrksanyeivgrpggrwsplfealgvqvaeappirptplsqdgllglfkgdavgrgvvldpasledmcgsdvlnrpslevvyega
>Acidiphilium_multivorum_AIU301  coded_by=complement(2097184..2098152),organism=Acidiphilium multivorum AIU301,definition=chlorophyllide reductase X subunit
mnasagrtapdteigasanpakktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsysmaqlgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkscptiietsarrkaageaveigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelldklgfhqwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsavdyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaqafaaaagipvlaaipadedirrksanyeivgrpggrwsplfealgvqvaeappirptplsqdgllglfkgdavgrgvvldpasledmcgsdvlnrpslevvyega
>Acidiphilium_sp._JA12-A1  coded_by=4066..5034,organism=Acidiphilium sp. JA12-A1,definition=chlorophyllide reductase 35.5 kDa chain
mnasagrtapdteigasanpakktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsysmaqlgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkscptiietsarrkaageaveigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelldklgfhqwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsavdyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaqafaaaagipvlaaipadedirrksanyeivgrpggrwsplfealgvqvaeappirptplsqdgllglfkgdavgrgvvldpasledmcgsdvlnrpslevvyega
>Acidiphilium_multivorum_AIU301  coded_by=complement(7218..8186),organism=Acidiphilium multivorum AIU301,definition=chlorophyllide reductase X subunit
mnasagrtapdteigasanpakktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsysmaqlgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkscptiietsarrkaageaveigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelldklgfhqwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsavdyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddgtgeaqafaaaagipvlaaipadedirrksanyeivgrpggrwsplfealgvqvaeappirptplsqdgllglfkgdavgrgvvldpasledmcgsdvlnrpslevvyega
>Bradyrhizobium_canariense  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium canariense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadpyrnlatkihnnag
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._NATL1A  coded_by=complement(542607..543497),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. NATL1A,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtstitrkedgegsvqvkqdpkaqiqegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfmfkgfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnertglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdseeegvvevqneylslaqkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._NATL2A  coded_by=complement(530246..531136),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. NATL2A,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtstitrkedgegsvqvkqdpkaqiqegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfmfkgfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnertglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdseeegvvevqneylslaqkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Prochlorococcus_sp._MIT_0801  coded_by=complement(571832..572722),organism=Prochlorococcus sp. MIT 0801,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein ChlL
mtstitrkedgegsvqvkqdpkaqiqegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrpedfmfkgfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivaainakaknykvrlggvianrsaeldqiekfnertglktmahfrnvdairrsrlkkctifemdseeegvvevqneylslaqkmidnvepleaeplkdreifdllgfd
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_B6  coded_by=complement(168172..169059),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus B6,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW1  coded_by=130717..131604,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW1,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_YW2  coded_by=171163..172050,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus YW2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_R121  coded_by=complement(5793..6680),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus R121,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_DE442  coded_by=complement(5793..6680),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus DE442,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_Y262  coded_by=complement(5793..6680),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus Y262,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus  coded_by=1291..2178,organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Rhodobacter_capsulatus_SB_1003  coded_by=complement(613663..614550),organism=Rhodobacter capsulatus SB 1003,definition=nitrogenase iron protein-1
mgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedlevedvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprnnvvqhaelrretviqydptcsqaqeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrekqiaemeaamka
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_SPC777  coded_by=3951..4820,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa SPC777,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_9808  coded_by=12901..13770,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 9808,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_9806  coded_by=11364..12233,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 9806,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_9807  coded_by=complement(6416..7285),organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 9807,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_9443  coded_by=1562..2431,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 9443,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_7806  coded_by=complement(18613..19482),organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 7806,definition=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 7806 genome sequencing data, contig C319
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_DIANCHI905  coded_by=4227..5096,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa DIANCHI905,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_TAIHU98  coded_by=1407649..1408518,organism=Microcystis aeruginosa TAIHU98,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Microcystis_aeruginosa_PCC_9432  coded_by=complement(4137..5006),organism=Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 9432,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mpltlavygkggigksttscnisaalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyediwpedviyegyggvkcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdefdvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlinkyvdhvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgqtlfemadkdpmlsyvcdyylniadqilakpegvipkesadrelftllsdfylnadkpkvnaeaeldlmmv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_51172  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 51172,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45066  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 45066,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_65066  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 65066,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpi
>Burkholderia_vietnamiensis  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=Burkholderia vietnamiensis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaaltdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfatpirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealagmlgtrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapdskqaneyrqpankihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimsaidesqvgktaselt
>Ideonella_dechloratans  coded_by=<1..>535,organism=Ideonella dechloratans,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
cdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaqslagklgsklihfvpreh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>534,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaqslagklgsklihfvpreh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>534,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaqslagklgsklihfvpreh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>534,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrogenase reductase
cdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaqslagklgsklihfvpreh
>Rhizobium_tropici  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Rhizobium tropici,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreidlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyrtlaekihansgqgtvptp
>Rhizobium_vallis  coded_by=<1..>702,organism=Rhizobium vallis,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmd
>Mesorhizobium_tianshanense  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=Mesorhizobium tianshanense,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gmgksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvns
>Methanobrevibacter_smithii_DSM_2374  coded_by=946126..946923,organism=Methanobrevibacter smithii DSM 2374,definition=nitrogenase reductase-like protein
mikkiaiygkggigksttvanlsavyanndlnclvigcdpkadttrtlcgrriptvvdtlknnrkpseediivkgyndilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamkrlenlgvfdkdldvviydvlgdvvcggfsvplrekyadeviivtsgeymslyaannivkgikklkgnlsgiicncrnvdhekeivsefaskigtriigtinrsnliqeseldaktvvekypeskeaseyealatnimenkvfttpepmddeefekffksfle
>Methanobrevibacter_smithii_DSM_2375  coded_by=complement(53002..53799),organism=Methanobrevibacter smithii DSM 2375,definition=nitrogenase reductase-like protein
mikkiaiygkggigksttvanlsavyanndlnclvigcdpkadttrtlcgrriptvvdtlknnrkpseediivkgyndilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvivamkrlenlgvfdkdldvviydvlgdvvcggfsvplrekyadeviivtsgeymslyaannivkgikklkgnlsgiicncrnvdhekeivsefaskigtriigtinrsnliqeseldaktvvekypeskeaseyealatnimenkvfttpepmddeefekffksfle
>Rhizobium_sp._NGR181  coded_by=<1..>531,organism=Rhizobium sp. NGR181,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtvi
>Methanocaldococcus_vulcanius_M7  coded_by=complement(390564..391418),organism=Methanocaldococcus vulcanius M7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msvydeiapnakkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayyynlkgmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqetvmdvlreegeegvtlekvrkvgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavnmmielggypddldflffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglakeiyivssgemmalyaanniargilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgekelmeefcemlgtklihfiprdnivqkaefnkmtvvefapdhpqaheykklgkkimdndelvvptplsmdqleklvekyglld
>Methanocaldococcus_vulcanius_M7  coded_by=1059403..1060257,organism=Methanocaldococcus vulcanius M7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msvydeiapnakkvaiygkggigkstttqntaaalayyynlkgmihgcdpkadstrmilhgkpqetvmdvlreegeegvtlekvrkvgfggilcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavnmmielggypddldflffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglakeiyivssgemmalyaanniargilkyaeqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgekelmeefcemlgtklihfiprdnivqkaefnkmtvvefapdhpqaheykklgkkimdndelvvptplsmdqleklvekyglld
>Methanocella_conradii_HZ254  coded_by=62421..63209,organism=Methanocella conradii HZ254,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mkkhlaiygkggigksstasnvaaamgekgikvmligcdpksdssitllggrriptimdtlrkkgkieesevvfegfngvvcaevggpepgvgcagrgiivavqalqkvsramkasdviiydvpgdivcggfavpitkgmvreayiitsgeymplyaannicrglktlntplsgvicnereaerereiverfasalgvpmlayiprdkvvqeceragksviegsprsamadiyrrlamrmltekdkkvpealededlrkltq
>Burkholderia_sp._enrichment_culture_clone_CATux-28  coded_by=<1..852,organism=Burkholderia sp. enrichment culture clone CATux-28,definition=NifH
gkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelavalagmlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtviefapesnqaneyrqlakkvhnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimksidesqvgktaaelsa
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=complement(2475366..2476121),organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvssamaamgltvlqigcdpkadstrnltggknistvldtlrengdaqlddlvvksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdivfydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatnisravksfgkrgyaslrglilndknikgenelvdkvaaeievpviyrlprdpfvqqaeaqgktvvetfpdssmavhykalakllleegevl
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=complement(2543863..2544618),organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifH3
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnvssamaamgltvlqigcdpkadstrnltggknistvldtlrengdaqlddlvvksstgvlcvesggpvpgvgcagrgiitafekleeldayeiykpdivfydvlgdvvcggfampirggyadevcivtsgemmslyaatnisravksfgkrgyaslrglilndknikgenelvdkvaaeievpviyrlprdpfvqqaeaqgktvvetfpdssmavhykalakllleegevl
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_43135  coded_by=<1..>709,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 43135,definition=NifH
aalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvhhaelrrmtvleyapdsthadhyqkivaevhnnggkgvvptpm
>Chloroflexus_sp._Y-400-fl  coded_by=540935..542170,organism=Chloroflexus sp. Y-400-fl,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mpahpktkqpgstarmlavygkggmgksffttnlvsklallgnrvlqlgcdpkhdscnalfggislptlgdvwrefkeagreeelaahhvifkttimngaatvygceiggpevgrgcggrgitfgfdmlekfglsqwaldyvvmdflgdvvcggfatplsrslaeeviilcgndrqslyaanniasaakyfasmggrtkllglvvnrddgsgvaarfaekinlpvlasipldrkvreladacqlalqeprfdalfdrlarqiidrtlptvkmeevqplpykeflsvfgaeepditptgataeelfgdhqvrqpapvitlglmeravgekpemdaptrlvvtrllkelgmyvteanhdpkkgmtltidghttvcigntddldskiailaalqrsgepfryvdlrrpaspfyr
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_25360  coded_by=<1..>701,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 25360,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpisme
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>692,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
akilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvpytdh
>Bradyrhizobium_elkanii  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=Bradyrhizobium elkanii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
laalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelr
>Xanthobacter_autotrophicus_Py2  coded_by=96387..97298,organism=Xanthobacter autotrophicus Py2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msakgskerqmsslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaqmghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaenlakklgteliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdseqaqhyrnlatkvhankgngiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesqvgktaaelta
>Methanococcus_aeolicus_Nankai-3  coded_by=complement(1488055..1488906),organism=Methanococcus aeolicus Nankai-3,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msfdeiapeakkiaiygkggigkstttqnmaaalahflghkvmihgcdpkadstrmilhgmgqntvmdvlrdegedaitlekvrkqgfggiycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdtmrelegypddldnlffdvlgdvvcggfamplrdglaeeiyivtsgemmalyaanniakgilkyadqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdgekelmeefveklgtklihfvprdnivqkaefnkqtvieydpecnqakeyrtlvenitanedlvkptplsmeeleqlvekyglld
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_344  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 344,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_330  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 330,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_318  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 318,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_301  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 301,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_294  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 294,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_287  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 287,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_279  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 279,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapesvqanh
>Azotobacter_vinelandii  coded_by=525..1397,organism=Azotobacter vinelandii,definition=Azotobacter vinelandii nifHDK gene cluster
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntimemaaeagtvedleledvlkagyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkpqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansgsvrlgglicnsrntdredeliialanklgtqmihfvprdnvvqraeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyralarkvvdnkllvipnpitmdeleellmefgimevedesivgktaeev
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkygnsggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>Intestinibacter_bartlettii_DSM_16795  coded_by=complement(484208..485062),organism=Intestinibacter bartlettii DSM 16795,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mikiavygkggigksttisnlsvalankglkvmqigcdpkadsttnlhdgseintvldlvrerkddfkldemvvegykgilcveaggptpgmgcagrgiiaalekleqkgayetykpdvvfydvlgdvvcggfsmpmragyadkifiitsgeymaihaaaniataidnfkdrgyaslggvilnkrnvkneeekvnefienidsklvgmldrdeivvvaeedkktvleafpeslmakeyevladnllkacgykvsegnleklnnkkvksdnkdesndtkkeeakc
>Clostridium_kluyveri_DSM_555  coded_by=1069472..1070290,organism=Clostridium kluyveri DSM 555,definition=NifH2
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglselgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldyimktgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlerlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgikkyakkggvrlggiicnsrnvdnekklletfakelgtqliyfvprdnvvqkaeihkqtviqfdsdedqaaeyrslakaieenelfvipkpmsqerleeiflehglid
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleveevmkvgyqnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelatelagmlgsk
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=complement(31035..31928),organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri_biovar_biserrulae_WSM1271  coded_by=complement(6018658..6019551),organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri biovar biserrulae WSM1271,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=complement(5947615..5948508),organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>Mesorhizobium_opportunistum_WSM2075  coded_by=complement(6573326..6574219),organism=Mesorhizobium opportunistum WSM2075,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=1069328..1070164,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mrrniymrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglselgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldyimktgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlerlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgikkyakkggvrlggiicnsrnvdnekklletfakelgtqliyfvprdnvvqkaeihkqtviqfdsdedqaaeyrslakaieenelfvipkpmsqerleeiflehglid
>Desulfotomaculum_acetoxidans_DSM_771  coded_by=1045113..1045940,organism=Desulfotomaculum acetoxidans DSM 771,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaaladagkkimvvgcdpkadstrlllnglnqktvldtlrdegedviledvlrtgfkdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleslgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivasgelmalyaannickgvqkyaktggvrmggiicnsrkvdkeydllkafaeeigtqlihflprdnvvqraeikkktvidydptvaqadeyrklaknidentmfvipnpmtqdrleelmmehgfmegld
>Thermosynechococcus_elongatus_BP-1  coded_by=complement(2445003..2445881),organism=Thermosynechococcus elongatus BP-1,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit
mslhyrggkvnvklavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqakdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyclivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtnkrdliekyveavpmpilevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslndvcdyylniadqilarpegvvpkdvpdrdlfallsdfylnpqgserslaav
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>484,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH
dvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksd
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ntmaamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakarntvmdlvrergtvedleledvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtq
>Syntrichia_ruralis  coded_by=94180..95055,organism=Syntrichia ruralis,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqlkdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciiitdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvesqpslnyvcdfylniadqilsqpegivpkevpdrelfsllsdfylnpvnknseenqlkenlldfnii
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>462,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigkstttqkltsglaelgkkivvvgcdpkpdstrlllgrlaqktvldtfreegedvdldmimktgfgnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiissikmleqlgayeeeldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivargemmamyaanni
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkvgfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Oscillatoria_sp._PCC_6506  coded_by=510..1373,organism=Oscillatoria sp. PCC 6506,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdfhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdliekyietvpmpvlevlpliedirisrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilacpegvvpndtpdrelfsllsdfylnpapqvareeeeldlmmv
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=4511314..4512195,organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msdlrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaadagsvedleiedvlkvgyrgircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyanaggvrlgglvcnerktdkeyelaealakklgtslihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleydpeskqageyrtlatkihankgkgviptpitmdeledlllefgimqkedasvigksaaelaa
>Mesorhizobium_sp._WSM3883  coded_by=<1..>579,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3883,definition=NifH
esggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaqkihlnsgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimksdeq
>Wolinella_succinogenes  coded_by=complement(288732..289643),organism=Wolinella succinogenes,definition=DINITROGENASE REDUCTASE SUBUNIT
maglrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamayyfgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhekaqstimqlaaevgtvedleledvckpgagpfnpeqpspsggwikcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaysdeldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannisrgilkyassggvrlaglicnarmtdreydlanalatklgtqmihfvprhnivqhaelrrmtvveyaetstqaeeykelarkivhndlkviptpmnmddlesllmefgiaeqfdeenvgkkaea
>Butyrivibrio_fibrisolvens_16/4  coded_by=1082045..1082920,organism=Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens 16/4,definition=Nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
maekigkhiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeagyrviqigcdpksdstntlrgnnylptvldslregnkihlddisvkgfggvlciesggpvpgvgcagrginaavnllqelnlfeefkpdyvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirdgitdrayvvsssdfmalyaannlfkainkyaptggaklggviansmkpgyhreivddfvaktgtsiagyvnrsldvqqselygktvieakpnsaqadiyrnlakyiaenenlvvpnplgsaelrdwarswgdriydiengvvgvaeai
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>456,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kavgksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgmdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Methylobacterium_extorquens_CM4  coded_by=complement(5652723..5653616),organism=Methylobacterium extorquens CM4,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniairnpvpvrreegslqvgldpndrietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelraedfvvegyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihtksknygvrlggvianrsaktdeidrfnaavglrrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemeptpelkavtdeymqlaetlwagadpceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>Methylobacterium_sp._Leaf121  coded_by=complement(1330272..1331165),organism=Methylobacterium sp. Leaf121,definition=protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase
mniairnpvpvrreegslqvgldpndrietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelraedfvvegyngvkcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihtksknygvrlggvianrsaktdeidrfnaavglrrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemeptpelkavtdeymqlaetlwagadpceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>Methanococcus_maripaludis_S2  coded_by=complement(156832..157773),organism=Methanococcus maripaludis S2,definition=NifH/frxC family:ATP/GTP-binding site motif A (P-loop)
myyivllilresfifmlngdilkqiafygkggigksttvcnlaaalsksgkkvivvgcdpkhdctsnlrsgediptvldvlrekgidklgietiirenllkkediiyegfngiycveaggpkpgygcagrgvivvidllkkmnvfedldvdvvlydvlgdvvcggfamplrmgladqiyvvtssdymalyaannicsgisqfvkrggstlggiiynvrgsmdafdivsefanqlnaniigkvpnspiineaeidgqtaieyapeeeiskiymelaesiyqnntgtmpnplenaqimqigkmikerikkqkite
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY484  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY484,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaeslaamlgtklihfvprdnlvqhael
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>717,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnngg
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17025  coded_by=1287119..1288057,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17025,definition=nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
msrpagtaaftrdtlskkdmnmgklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvvkigykgikcteaggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdrelelaealaaklgckmihfvprdnivqhaelrretviqyapeskqaneyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeleemlmdfgimqseedrlaaiaaaea
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggsvspppqqntmapmaeqgkrimifrlrpkadstrlmlhakaqtsvmstpaelgsvedveledvlregyrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleangaynnldyvtydvlgdvvcggfampirekkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaan
>Diplosphaera_colitermitum_TAV2  coded_by=5633..6457,organism=Diplosphaera colitermitum TAV2,definition=Nitrogenase
mrkiaiygkggigkstttqntaaamayfhnkkifihgcdpkadstrlilggkpqetlmdvlreqgaekvtnekvikvgfkdihcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmeangaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyivasgemmavyaannickgllkfakqsgvrlggiicnsrkvdrerefideftsaigthmihfvprdnvvqraefnkktvteydpsdnqaneyselarkiienknfvipkpltmdelekmvvkyglae
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=complement(2603680..2604471),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=Nitrogenase
mkkiaiygkggigksttvsnlsaalarrglkvmqigcdpkadstkgltggqpitsvldvlkvkktrstlddlvvegdlgvlcveaggptpgigcagrgiisafdrleeldawgrlrpdvvlfdvlgdvvcggfampmrkgyadevaivssgemmalyaahnianalanfatrgyarlagviqnsrniadedelvrraaaeintrvlgiiprcdlvqqaedqgrtvvacfpdspqaavyheltrllvpditapasggphlaals
>Microcoleus_vaginatus_FGP-2  coded_by=39706..40572,organism=Microcoleus vaginatus FGP-2,definition=Light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklavygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqqkdyhyedvwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthplrlaglignrtskrdlidkyidsvpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaesdpslnyvcdyylniadqilampegvvpndtpdrelfallsdfylnpvqpvvkkeedeldlmmv
>'Nostoc_azollae'_0708  coded_by=complement(1426739..1427629),organism='Nostoc azollae' 0708,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mttdanirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengaytdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdreielietlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsdqgneyralakkiinnknltiptpiemdeleallvefgildddskhaeiigkpapaak
>Mesorhizobium_silamurunense  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Mesorhizobium silamurunense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
alvdlghkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Cathaya_argyrophylla  coded_by=complement(89464..90339),organism=Cathaya argyrophylla,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvrgktlfemvgfepslnyvckyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkkknqenllgftri
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaalaqmghkivivrcdpkadsmrlilqanaqdtilslaakagsvedleledvmkigyqdfrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidnvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkpqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>Desulfosporosinus_acidiphilus_SJ4  coded_by=complement(21273..22100),organism=Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus SJ4,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlvegflgircsesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytsdtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyaltgtvrlgglicnsrvvdkeqeliealakalntqmihfmprdnevqraevrkqtviqynpshpqadqyrelarkiedntkltiptplsmdelealmmefgimem
>Desulfosporosinus_acidiphilus_SJ4  coded_by=complement(4197414..4198241),organism=Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus SJ4,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqttvmdlarergtvedleledvlvegflgircsesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytsdtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyaltgtvrlgglicnsrvvdkeqeliealakalntqmihfmprdnevqraevrkqtviqynpshpqadqyrelarkiedntkltiptplsmdelealmmefgimem
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum_bv._viciae  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. viciae,definition=NifH
ntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptp
>Pelobacter_carbinolicus_DSM_2380  coded_by=2447668..2448546,organism=Pelobacter carbinolicus DSM 2380,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
makklrqlaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaslgkkimiigcdpkadstrlmlhakaqdtvmdkvrelgtvedleledvlrtgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgivkyassgsvrlgglicnsrntdkeaeliealaaklgtqmihfvprdnqvqraelrrmtvieyspdhpqaneyrelarkisenemlvvptpltmdeledlllefgiieeddetiigkaesas
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannifkgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtq
>Rhizobium_sp._23C2  coded_by=<1..>624,organism=Rhizobium sp. 23C2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdn
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-22  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-22,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgvvptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-22  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-22,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgvvptpis
>Mesorhizobium_shangrilense  coded_by=<1..>719,organism=Mesorhizobium shangrilense,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
dlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtvptpitmdelgn
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilnskaqdtvlslaaqegsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealsarlnsk
>Sinorhizobium_sp._M6  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. M6,definition=Sinorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain M6
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_chiapanecum  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium chiapanecum,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Sinorhizobium_chiapanecum  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Sinorhizobium chiapanecum,definition=NifH
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimkt
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
seilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
seilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17025  coded_by=complement(788705..789577),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17025,definition=Nitrogenase
msnsqprhiaiygkggigkstttsniaaalaeaghrviqigcdpksdsttilrggaelptvldslrdrsrkpkleeisatgfggvlcieaggpvpgvgcagrgisaavdlledlrvfetfqpdyvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirdgiadrafvvtssdfmaifaannlfkaidkyapsggarlggiianslqvpharaliddfaertgtevvgyvprstevaqaelygqtvieaapyseqaevyrrlarrvtgeidtrlprplngpdlkdwargwgdrifgnekaaagggi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_358  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 358,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadh
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_309  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 309,definition=NifH
dstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgttliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadh
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33477  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33477,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33423  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33423,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33464  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33464,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33385  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33385,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33406  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33406,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33436  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33436,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35339  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 35339,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23335  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 23335,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23361  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 23361,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33443  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33443,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35350  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 35350,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33475  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33475,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_qingshengii  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium qingshengii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33451  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33451,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35343  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 35343,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35356  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 35356,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23359  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 23359,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_qingshengii  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium qingshengii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35331  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 35331,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33395  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33395,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_qingshengii  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium qingshengii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33359  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33359,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33454  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33454,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35357  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 35357,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33366  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33366,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_23368  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 23368,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33470  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33470,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_33404  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 33404,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_35340  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 35340,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Mesorhizobium_qingshengii  coded_by=<1..>678,organism=Mesorhizobium qingshengii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
gqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgti
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>749),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
tgkggigksttsqntlaalaemgkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakadtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaenidvsdvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtlifvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadrklaakvnnggkgiiptpismdelrnml
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>721,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggk
>Chlorobium_limicola_DSM_245  coded_by=complement(757444..758268),organism=Chlorobium limicola DSM 245,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglqqktvldtlreegeevelediikegyrntrctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsvnlleqlgaydeewdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgilkyadaggvrlgglicnsrkvdneremieelakkigtqmihfvprdnfvqraeinrktvidydpthgqadeyralarkidenemfvipkpleieeleslliefgian
>Cycas_taitungensis  coded_by=complement(136914..137786),organism=Cycas taitungensis,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit ChlL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrggkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyeeiwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcgglaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanriavsigektrthllrlaglvgnrtskrdlidgyvevcpmpvievlpliedirisrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpkeipdrkffsllsdsylspindgkqgknqenllgftmv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=NifH
eagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaergsvedleledvliegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsitfleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._SR106  coded_by=<1..>683,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. SR106,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyr
>Lachnospiraceae_bacterium_7_1_58FAA  coded_by=complement(41757..42554),organism=Lachnospiraceae bacterium 7_1_58FAA,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mkricvygkggigkstavsnlaaamaqagkrvavvgcdpkadstrglmgrriptvldqlktgasgeiaftdsrgvrcieaggpepgtgcagrgiivameeirsrgllddrdvvlydvlgdvvcggfsmplreqvadevylvttsdfmalyaannicrgirkyahsgrirlagiihngrssvdndsllrafaaelgttvagkipmspligqaelerrtvvdcapesgpaqafralasvlldnrggcipepmtddglealcrkaapl
>Paenibacillus_graminis  coded_by=921..1790,organism=Paenibacillus graminis,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mmrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaqlatkfkqrimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqnsvlelaaelgsvedleledvlqtgfgdiinvecggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleqegayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniargilkyatsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvaqynpahqqakeyeilaekilnnkmltiptpismeeleellmefgiiedeeaaikklkasgq
>Jannaschia_sp._CCS1  coded_by=complement(171459..172457),organism=Jannaschia sp. CCS1,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit
mkdipnlkdydanlrdeaaepslevpqgeptkktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaeqgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietssakklageevqigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrkmggnvgvaglvinkddgsgeaqafaeavdipvlasipqnddlrkksanyqivgtgesewgalfaelgdnvatappmrptalnqdgllalfdgsdtgagvvlepatdqdmrgknaaakdslevvydda
>Glyptostrobus_pensilis  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Glyptostrobus pensilis,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsirdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>481,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lllnglaqktvldtlreegedvdledirrcgygatlctesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgafnesenleyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgivkfaeaggvrlgglicnsrkcdneremieefakrlgtq
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>739),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgt
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-17  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-17,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-17  coded_by=<1..>733,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-17,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Trichodesmium_erythraeum_IMS101  coded_by=complement(2322739..2323605),organism=Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mklsvygkggigksttscnisvalakrgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqekdyhyediwpedviykgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafdeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnysdycmivtdngfdalfaanriaasvrekarthtlrlaglignrtskrdlinkyveavpmpvlevlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemaetdpslqyvcnyylniadqilalpegvvpsespdrdlfallsdfylnpskshvmsedeeldlmmv
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._MAFF_210318  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. MAFF 210318,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmal
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_73184  coded_by=<1..>727,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 73184,definition=nitrogenase reductase
laalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmdel
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=complement(6680205..6681110),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein BchL
mnvtlrpplttaprrpdgagsvqvqldpnvvigtakvfsvygkggigksttssnlsvalsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlvptvidileqvnfhaeelrpedfvyqgyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhadralivaandfdsifamnrivaaiqaksrnypvrlggvianrsaatdqidkfneraglktvahfpdldvirksrlkkctlfemepspdveraqneylrlaasllagvepmqavplkdrdifdllgfd
>'Nostoc_azollae'_0708  coded_by=complement(3828972..3829871),organism='Nostoc azollae' 0708,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maidkkirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlaglicnsrnvdreielietlakrlnthmihyvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsdqgneyrtlakkiinnknltiptpiemeeleelliefgilesdenteklvgksateapvkk
>Methylosinus_trichosporium_OB3b  coded_by=104526..105413,organism=Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mselrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaqqgkkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfmdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleeqgaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyagnniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvveyapdstqaghyrnlaekvhankgngiiptpitmdeledllmehgimkavdesqvgktaadlaaia
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaclaqmghkilivgcdpnadstrlilhskaqdtivslaaaagsvedfeiedvmkvgyldircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedvdyvsydvlgdvvwggfamairenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanni
>Ginkgo_biloba  coded_by=complement(138360..139232),organism=Ginkgo biloba,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltefliptiidtlqsrdyhyeniwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkeldafneydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasireknrthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvievlppienirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepsinyvceyylniadqilsqpegiapkeipdreffsllsdfylnpindeeqgnnqenllgftmi
>Ginkgo_biloba  coded_by=116982..117854,organism=Ginkgo biloba,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltefliptiidtlqsrdyhyeniwpedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkeldafneydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasireknrthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlidkyveacpmpvievlppienirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepsinyvceyylniadqilsqpegiapkeipdreffsllsdfylnpindeeqgnnqenllgftmi
>Congregibacter_litoralis_KT71  coded_by=65364..66344,organism=Congregibacter litoralis KT71,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnkavtqytpgndegsllassddggsktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietaskkkaageelvvgdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrrlggnvgvagmvtnkddgsgeaqafceavgipqlaaipadddirkksanyeiigrpesqwgslfeglaqqvadappqqptalsqddllalfdgdavgrnvvlepasveelcnlealnrpsleviyddv
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=194..1093,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=Anabaena 7120 genes nifH and nifD. nifH is the structural gene for nitrogenase reductase (component II or Fe protein of nitrogenase). nifD is the structural gene for the alpha subunit of the dinitrogenase (component I or MoFe protein)
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdredelimnlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkinndkltiptpmemdelealkieyglldddtkhseiigkpaeatnrscrn
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=195..1094,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=Anabaena 7120 nifH gene (nitrogenase reductase), complete CDS
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdredelimnlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkinndkltiptpmemdelealkieyglldddtkhseiigkpaeatnrscrn
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=4860..5759,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=nitrogenase reductase
mtdenirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrimivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedlelhevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdldfvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrkvdredelimnlaerlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgqeyralakkinndkltiptpmemdelealkieyglldddtkhseiigkpaeatnrscrn
>Bradyrhizobium_genosp._TUXTLAS-14  coded_by=<1..>737,organism=Bradyrhizobium genosp. TUXTLAS-14,definition=nitrogenase reductase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleiedvlkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayeeidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqlihfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqanhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpis
>Dickeya_dadantii_Ech703  coded_by=549280..550161,organism=Dickeya dadantii Ech703,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvlqigygnvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlgglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydpkckqaneyrtlagkivnntkmvvptpvtmdeleallmefgimeeedtsiigktaaeenaa
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase
kggigkstttqntvaglvalgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvmdlirergtvedlelsevlklgyggvkcvesggpepgvgyagrgvitainfleaegaytpeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaa
>Desulfosporosinus_sp._OT  coded_by=complement(8879..9706),organism=Desulfosporosinus sp. OT,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvvalaemgrkvtivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttvmdlarergtvedleldevlvegylgvrcsesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytadtdyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkakeiyivtsgemmamyaanniskgilkyattgtvrlgglicnsrvvdkeleliealakrlntqmihfmprdnevqraevrkmtvieynpthkqadeyralakkiennkmmtiptplpmeeleellmeygimem
>Aminobacter_sp._BA135  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Aminobacter sp. BA135,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptp
>Lachnospiraceae_bacterium_ACC2  coded_by=108685..109449,organism=Lachnospiraceae bacterium ACC2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mlkvaiygkggigksttcsnlaaalskryrvmqigcdpkadstknllggkkicsvlealretgdeielkdlvhegyggvlcvesggpmpgvgcaglgiisafqkleeleafeiyrpdivlydvlgdvvcggfampirdgyaehvlivtsgemmalfaadninravkhfekrgyarvrglilnerrvkderalverfaeesglnilqtirrsddvqraeesgrtvieafpdcevaadyfalaelvaglmngeekv
>Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>555,organism=Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
lixhskaqhtviekaaekgsvedleleevllegawnvrcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitaitfleengayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfavpirqgkaqexyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrqtdredelimelarrlntqmihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieklh
>Bradyrhizobium_lablabi  coded_by=<1..>715,organism=Bradyrhizobium lablabi,definition=nitrogenase reductase
aalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptpism
>Thuja_plicata  coded_by=291..1163,organism=Thuja plicata,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase subunitL
mkiavygkggigksttscnisialarrgenvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihagyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeyniilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycliitdngfdslfaanritasirekarthplrlvglvgnrtsqrdlikkyveacpmpvievlpliedirisrikgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfnllsdlylnpidkgkdqnnkknllgftmv
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>561,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>561,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhae
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>578,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
imivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmt
>Rhodobacter_sp._SW2  coded_by=154389..155393,organism=Rhodobacter sp. SW2,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mtldvpnlkdfdqrlrdeaheeptleipqgeptkktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietstkkklageevkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrrlggnvgiaglvinkddgtgeaaafakavnipvlaaipqdedlrrksanyqivgsmesqwgpmfaalaeavaiappirpaplsqdgllnlfsaettgkdfvltpatdadmrgknavlkktlevvydna
>Rhizobium_undicola  coded_by=<1..>761,organism=Rhizobium undicola,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedleledvlkagyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledml
>Chlorobium_phaeovibrioides_DSM_265  coded_by=283894..284721,organism=Chlorobium phaeovibrioides DSM 265,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mslvlavygkggigksttsanisaalalkgakvlqigcdpkhdstfpitgklqktviealeevdfhheeltaedvietgfagidgleaggppagsgcggyvvgesvtllqelglydkydvilfdvlgdvvcggfsaplnyadyaiiiatndfdsifaanrlcmaiqqksvrykvklagivanrvdyttgggtnmldqfaekvgtrllakvpyhelirksrfagktlfamedtpgkdeclvpyneiaetlmqentpasipepigdreifeivggwq
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DCB-2  coded_by=1460361..1461239,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DCB-2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mekkitqiaiygkggigkstttsnlsaalsklgykvmqfgcdpksdstntlrggkyiptvldtlreksvvkasevifegfngiycveaggpapgvgcagrgiitavelfkqqkvfasldldfviydvlgdvvcggfaipiregiaehvftvsssdfmsiyasnnlfkgikkysnsggallggviansinqgyakaivddfvertqtqvveyiprsitvtqselqgkttieaapeseqakvytrlaekivehksskvpapleikelqewatswsdqllalergvvvggnaagi
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._Dp6.5  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. Dp6.5,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigynnircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqadhyrnlat
>Taxus_cuspidata  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Taxus cuspidata,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigksmtscnisialarrgervlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyeeiwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeynvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviiadngfdalfaanritasireksrthplxlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyylniadqilsqpegivpke
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=<1..>736,organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
sttsqntlaalvdhgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvldlaatrgsvedleledvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyaaggsvrlgglicnerqtdrevdlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyrtlaqrihdnsgkgtiptpit
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredeliielarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>600,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=nitrogenase reductase
gqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrrmtvie
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45502  coded_by=<1..>688,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 45502,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_25541  coded_by=<1..>688,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 25541,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_051161  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 051161,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
ilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpism
>Treponema_primitia_ZAS-2  coded_by=1294089..1294931,organism=Treponema primitia ZAS-2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mygekcmrkiaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaemgnnmmvvgcdpkadstrlllnglaqktvldtlrtegedldlddvvkvgfkgtrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgafgdqykldytfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaannickgimkfaeagavrlgglicnsrktdredelimalaeklgthmihfvprdnmvqkaeinkktvidfdptlgqadeyrklaksieenkkfvipkpleiadlekllmefgiad
>uncultured_nitrogen-fixing_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=uncultured nitrogen-fixing bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagnkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqttimslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayddeldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>461),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
kggigkstttqnlvaalaeaghkcmiigcdpkadstrlllgglsqktvldtlraegedldledvlkigfrgtrcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinllerlgaysesigldyafydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkakeiyivvsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleladvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdqefelisalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleladvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdqefelisalaaklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleladvmkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivtsgemmamyaanniakgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdqefelisalaaklgtq
>Leptothrix_cholodnii_SP-6  coded_by=1509709..1510590,organism=Leptothrix cholodnii SP-6,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
maalrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalsdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeleladslakmlgsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqaqeyrtlaskihnnagngtiptpitmdqledllmehgimkavdesqvgksaaelva
>Clostridium_kluyveri_NBRC_12016  coded_by=1054254..1055129,organism=Clostridium kluyveri NBRC 12016,definition=hypothetical protein
mqrgdkfnndifnlrrniymrqvaiygkggigkstttqnltaglselgknvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglaqktvldtlreegedveldyimktgfggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlerlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmalyaanniskgikkyakkggvrlggiicnsrnvdnekklletfakelgtqliyfvprdnmvqkaeihkqtviqfdsdedqaaeyrslakaieenelfvipkpmsqerleeiflehglid
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=complement(3554170..3555045),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=Nitrogenase
mnnarskhiaiygkggigkstttsnisaalaeaghrviqigcdpksdstnilrggddlptvldslrdsgrpsiadvsaigfggvlcieaggpvpgvgcagrginaavdllhelklfeefkpdyvlydvlgdvvcggfavpirngiaesafvvtssdfmaifaannlfkaiskyapsggarlggviansiqtsyasdliddfaqrtgtgvvgyvprsltvsqselygqtvieaspkseqaevyrrlarhvagdyptsipkplngpalkdwakhwgdrvfgagaeaprlaeav
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._9LBC  coded_by=<1..>756,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. 9LBC,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ypdrlygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiedviklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqga
>Rhizobium_yanglingense  coded_by=<1..>692,organism=Rhizobium yanglingense,definition=NifH
ilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyanagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdsqqaaeyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmd
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>616,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqnsvmelaaeagsvedleledvlsvgfggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaydedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyansggvrlaglicnsrntdredeliialaerlgtqlihfvp
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strxilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleiedvmkigfedircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayegvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgetmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkeyelaeslakklgtq
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisB5  coded_by=complement(4193196..4194194),organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisB5,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mnvvptinlqdaqlraeasiepdapvttpvtketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsskkklageevkigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhewgfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvinkddgtgeaqafatavgipvlsaipadddirkksanyeiigkpdgewgslfetlaanvatappvrpnpltqdgllglftsditgrdvvllpatiedmcgasvlnkpsleviydav
>Rhizobium_sp._ANU289  coded_by=576..1460,organism=Rhizobium sp. ANU289,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismdeledmlmehgimkpvdesivgktaaelaas
>Methanocaldococcus_infernus_ME  coded_by=48995..49783,organism=Methanocaldococcus infernus ME,definition=Nitrogenase
mkqigfygkggigksttvcniakalseeyrvlvigcdpkadctallreediktvlevlrekrsvkiedivveggkniycveaggpkpgvgcagrgvivaietlkklnvfenldidivlydilgdvvcggfslplrflddvyiitssdymslyaanniamgvkelknklsgviynvrgsydneevvkefckrintnyigkipnsplvaksevlgktvieafpdsdiakiykelarkiyenrekrepmplskrelkelalkylk
>Desulfonatronospira_thiodismutans_ASO3-1  coded_by=360247..361077,organism=Desulfonatronospira thiodismutans ASO3-1,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrkvaiygkggigkstttqntvaglvelgkrvmvvgcdpkadstrlllgglsqqtvldtlreegedvelddvriggygnslcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgayeedesldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivvsgemmamyaannickgirkfsetggvrlgglicnsravdneeamikafaeklgsqmiyfvprdndvqraeinrktvidftpqapqadhyrnlakamdsnqmfvvptpieteelesllleygileta
>Mesorhizobium_tarimense  coded_by=<1..>743,organism=Mesorhizobium tarimense,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydnvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihgnsgqgtiptpit
>Methylobacterium_radiotolerans_JCM_2831  coded_by=complement(1970462..1971355),organism=Methylobacterium radiotolerans JCM 2831,definition=light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase, iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniairnpvvarkeegslqvaldpdlkietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelrvedfvvegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihaksknygvrlggvianrsaktdeidrfndavglkrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemesspeldavtaeymrlaetlwagaepceaqpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>Methylobacterium_sp._ME121  coded_by=38645..39538,organism=Methylobacterium sp. ME121,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniairnpvvarkeegslqvaldpdlkietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelrvedfvvegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihaksknygvrlggvianrsaktdeidrfndavglkrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemesspeldavtaeymrlaetlwagaepceaqpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigkstttqntvaglasigkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleledvmkigygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
seilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=complement(5627718..5628605),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=nitrogenase iron protein, nifH; dinitrogenase reductase
msslrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvleyapdsvqaghyrnlatkihgnagkgiiptpitmdeledmlmehgimkavdesqvgktaadlaata
>Sinorhizobium_xinjiangense  coded_by=<1..>475,organism=Sinorhizobium xinjiangense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
itsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpit
>Rhizobium_sp._CCNWSX0884  coded_by=<1..>679,organism=Rhizobium sp. CCNWSX0884,definition=nitrogenase reductase
afygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqydp
>nitrogen_fixing_bacterium_ANFK33  coded_by=<1..717,organism=nitrogen fixing bacterium ANFK33,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gcdpkadstrmilggmnqktimdtlrdegaemvtaekvistgfgnirccesggpepgvgcagrgvitaidlmethgaytedlhyvfydvlgdvvcggfampirdgkaqevyiicsgemmavyaannickglvkyarqsgvrlgglvcnsrkvdrewefieefaaaigtrmihfvprdnivqkaefnkkmvieyepesnqakeyselarkiienemfvipkplsmdqleamvvkygiae
>Rahnella_aquatilis_CIP_78.65_=_ATCC_33071  coded_by=46765..47640,organism=Rahnella aquatilis CIP 78.65 = ATCC 33071,definition=nitrogenase (molybdenum-iron) reductase and maturation protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemnkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvmqigyggvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlaglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcaqadqyralankivnntkmvvptpvtmdeleallmefgimeeedltivgrtaaeea
>Rahnella_aquatilis_HX2  coded_by=27561..28436,organism=Rahnella aquatilis HX2,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemnkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvmqigyggvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlaglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcaqadqyralankivnntkmvvptpvtmdeleallmefgimeeedltivgrtaaeea
>Rahnella_aquatilis_CIP_78.65_=_ATCC_33071  coded_by=complement(114125..115000),organism=Rahnella aquatilis CIP 78.65 = ATCC 33071,definition=nitrogenase subunit NifH (ATPase)
mamrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaemnkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimemaaevgsvedleledvmqigyggvrcaesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayvpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgivkyaksgkvrlaglicnsrqtdredeliialaeklgtqmihfvprdnivqraeirrmtvieydptcaqadqyralankivnntkmvvptpvtmdeleallmefgimeeedltivgrtaaeea
>Pinus_merkusii  coded_by=92450..93325,organism=Pinus merkusii,definition=photochlorophyllide reductase subunit L
mkiavygkggigksttscnisvalarrgqkvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwpedvihkgyggvdcveaxxxxxxxgcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtsrrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpiiedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvcnyylgiadqilsqpegivpkeipdrelfsllsdlylnpiggggqkknnkenllgftri
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>553,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrogenase reductase
egvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyatagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihlnsgqgtip
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY366  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY366,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedlelddvmkigyknircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyanrggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaewlekmlgtklihfvprdnvvqhael
>Oedogonium_cardiacum  coded_by=27125..27991,organism=Oedogonium cardiacum,definition=ATP-binding subunit of protochlorophyllide reductase
mklaiygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqmkdyhyedvwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasireksrthplrcaglignrttqrdlidkyvqacpipvlevlplledirvsrvkgktlfemvelepslyyvcdfylniadqlltepegviprelsdrelfsllsdfylnapnsnnqenaeeldfflv
>Oedogonium_cardiacum  coded_by=1..867,organism=Oedogonium cardiacum,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase ATP-binding subunit
mklaiygkggigksttscnisialarrgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqmkdyhyedvwpedviyqgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydvilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadyciivtdngfdalfaanriaasireksrthplrcaglignrttqrdlidkyvqacpipvlevlplledirvsrvkgktlfemvelepslyyvcdfylniadqlltepegviprelsdrelfsllsdfylnapnsnnqenaeeldfflv
>Mesorhizobium_albiziae  coded_by=<1..>532,organism=Mesorhizobium albiziae,definition=NifH
dstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqha
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaqlatsfgqqimivgcdpkadstrlilntkaqqtvlhlaaergtvedleledvvatgfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinfleeqgaydemdfisydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaan
>Dorea_formicigenerans_ATCC_27755  coded_by=complement(262792..263709),organism=Dorea formicigenerans ATCC 27755,definition=hypothetical protein
mqlgkvhlpctrihhaeiasvqisqgeyyfsgrykdffpegersffvgknleedmlkvaiygkggigkstvtsnlaaafatmgkrviqigcdpkadstinllegkplrpvmnymreedeepeklediskegfggvlcietggptpglgcagrgiiatfqlledlrlfetykpdvvlydvlgdvvcggfaapiregyaekvlivtsgekmalyaannissavrnfedrsyarvfgivlnhrnvenevqkvqafskesgipivgeiprsdeiiryedqgqtviegnpeseisgrfydlakkllesee
>Thiocapsa_roseopersicina  coded_by=21039..>21713,organism=Thiocapsa roseopersicina,definition=BchX
msvsvkspalapgrqstkdpvgapsiaapsiketqiiaiygkggigksftlanlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdtttllfggracptilgtsgekkragdkvsigdvcfkrdgvfamelggpdvgrgcggrgiihgfellegmgfhewdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardlcqkvivvgsndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrglggnvgvagmvinkddgttk
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense_DP7  coded_by=complement(182149..182994),organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense DP7,definition=putative nitrogenase iron protein
mlpmcrrialygkggigkstiasnlaaalagsglnvlligcdpkadstrnltregipsvletlarseevsiqnllhtgdfgvscvesggpeagigcaglgisttleeltrlgvydmdwdiilydvlgdvvcggfsvpmrkkhvdtvyivtsadfmslyaannilksvkrysytekpllggilhnradsakeravvqefcrktnsayiaamgqsteirlaelqrqtvlkaysdgaaaqaflelgrrmagpgqasvptplcpqdmdavgaailrllqdeeage
>Desulfitobacterium_hafniense  coded_by=488108..488953,organism=Desulfitobacterium hafniense,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein
mlpmcrrialygkggigkstiasnlaaalagsglnvlligcdpkadstrnltregipsvletlarseevsiqnllhtgdfgvscvesggpeagigcaglgisttleeltrlgvydmdwdiilydvlgdvvcggfsvpmrkkhvdtvyivtsadfmslyaannilksvkrysytekpllggilhnradsakeravvqefcrktnsayiaamgqsteirlaelqrqtvlkaysdgaaaqaflelgrrmagpgqasvptplcpqdmdavgaailrllqdeeage
>Methanosaeta_concilii_GP6  coded_by=539892..540707,organism=Methanosaeta concilii GP6,definition=Nitrogenase iron protein 2
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqnltaalstmgkkimqigcdpkadsvkmlmngkrqpsvldtlrkegegelddvlktgfggircvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsigllenlgaytpdldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivasgemmalyaannickgiqkfaesggtrlggiicnsrnvdrerelvsafaekigsqmiqfvprdnivhqseihkqtviqyapdsdqakaylalakavdenqmfvipkpmeyeeleqvmmewgvve
>Sinorhizobium_americanum  coded_by=<1..>732,organism=Sinorhizobium americanum,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaeegsvedleledvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansa
>Mesorhizobium_sp._HAMBI_1487  coded_by=<1..>558,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. HAMBI 1487,definition=Mesorhizobium sp. partial nifH gene, strain HAMBI1487
pepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptpitmeeledilldfgimkt
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyqdikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaannisrgilkyaqsgsvrlgglvcnerqtdreldlsealakrlnsk
>Frankia_sp._Ai7a  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=Frankia sp. Ai7a,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaeagqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegawgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrktdredeliielarrln
>Bradyrhizobium_liaoningense  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Bradyrhizobium liaoningense,definition=NifH
ksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhn
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense_CCBAU_05623  coded_by=<1..>716,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense CCBAU 05623,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
alaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgyreircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpismd
>Bradyrhizobium_yuanmingense  coded_by=<1..>677,organism=Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
laemghrilivgcdpkxdstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyvvmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdteqadhyrnlatkixnngg
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi_1  coded_by=<1..>461,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi 1,definition=nitrogenase
qiafygkagigksttsqntlaalaemghrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemma
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaaltelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlileakaqdtiltlaaeagsvedveledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanni
>uncultured_marine_proteobacterium  coded_by=6981..7976,organism=uncultured marine proteobacterium,definition=chlorophillide reductase subunit
mspseaqvydpgleasgeradmiasstaeapktqiiaiygkggigksftlsnlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietaaakkaagdevrvedvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvtnkddgsgeaqafceavgipelasipanddirrksanyeiigtpesewgslfaglasnvaeappaqpapltqdgllelfdgdtvgrnvvlqpatladlcdvtkleqpslevvydnv
>marine_gamma_proteobacterium_HTCC2080  coded_by=complement(189554..190549),organism=marine gamma proteobacterium HTCC2080,definition=chlorophyllide reductase iron protein subunit X
mspseaqvydpgleasgeradmiasstaeapktqiiaiygkggigksftlsnlsymmaqqgkkvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietaaakkaagdevrvedvcfkrdgvyamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfetleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmcqkvivvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvagmvtnkddgsgeaqafceavgipelasipanddirrksanyeiigtpesewgslfaglasnvaeappaqpapltqdgllelfdgdtvgrnvvlqpatladlcdvtkleqpslevvydnv
>Roseovarius_sp._217  coded_by=complement(778145..779146),organism=Roseovarius sp. 217,definition=Chlorophyllide reductase, BchX subunit
mkddvpnlkefdqrlrdeahedladiitaepksktqiiaiygkggigksftlanlshmmaemgkrvlligcdpksdttsllfggkacptiietsakknlagepvkigdvcfkrggvfamelggpevgrgcggrgiihgfelleklgfhdwdfdyvlldflgdvvcggfglpiardmaqkvilvasndlqslyvannvcsaveyfrklggnvgvaglvinkddhsgeaqafaksvnipvlaaipqdddlrkksanyqivgtaesqwgslfaelaeavsvappvrpnpldqdgllalfdskdtggdyvlvpatdedmrgkyaapkaslevvydda
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA16  coded_by=<1..>642,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA16,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqageyralank
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA19  coded_by=<1..>564,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA19,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapds
>Thiocapsa_bogorovii  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Thiocapsa bogorovii,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigkstttqnlvaglaelgkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntimqmaadagsvedleledvlkvgygnikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemma
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._CCBAU_45384  coded_by=<1..>698,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. CCBAU 45384,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapdskqadhyrklaakvhnnggkgiiptpismeel
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=<1..>691,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrogenase reductase
seilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkvhnnggkgiiptpis
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..825,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=NifH
tlvalvdlgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlaelqakeaakaaaq
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=complement(<1..>739),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
tanggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqg
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=complement(<1..>739),organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
tanggigksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqg
>Thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum_DSM_571  coded_by=complement(1858129..1858947),organism=Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum DSM 571,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalsemgkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglnqktvldtirdegedielddimrsgygntkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinmlenlgaydddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkakeiyivasgemmamyaannickgirkyanqggvrlggiicnsrkvdneeellkafckklgtqlvyfvprdnivqraeinkktvidydpqapqadvyrqlarridendmfvvpnpmptdelekllieyglmd
>Methanocella_conradii_HZ254  coded_by=137701..138519,organism=Methanocella conradii HZ254,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvaiygkggigkstttqntvaalaeagkkvmvvgcdpkadstrlllhglhqktvldtlrdegddvdldavlktgfcgtkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitsinlleqlgaytddldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkareiyivasgelmalyaannickgirkyaetggvrlggiicnsrkvdnelallkafaeeigsqlihfiprdsivqraeinkktvidfdptasqaneyrklaraidenemfviprpmrqerleelmmkhgile
>Oscillochloris_trichoides_DG6  coded_by=complement(10875..11696),organism=Oscillochloris trichoides DG6,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
mrqvafygkggigksttqqntaaafasmgnklmvvgcdpkadctrlllggtrqlsvldalrdtgpesvqldtvlvkgygdvkcveaggpepgvgcggrgvitaiqtletlgaykseldyvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregyaeeiyivcsgeymalfaanniakgikkfgergyarlgglicnsrmveneyemvaefakrintklihfvprskdvqraeinrktviefdpelaqaneyrqlaskieankdftiptpisqdeleelmrdygivd
>Rhodospirillum_centenum_SW  coded_by=complement(3814476..3815375),organism=Rhodospirillum centenum SW,definition=NifH, 4Fe-4S iron sulfur cluster binding protein
marnklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalvemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilntklqdtvlhlaaqagsvedleledvlkvgykgikctesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerktdkelelaealaarlgcklihfvprdnivqhaelrrqtviqyapdskqaaeyrelarkihensgkgviptpitmeeledmliefgimkteeqqlaelqakeaatavag
>Rubrivivax_benzoatilyticus_JA2  coded_by=complement(7112..7993),organism=Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msklrqiafygkggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkigfrgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerktdkeyelaealakrlgtklihfvprnnvvqhaelrrmtvveydpncaqaqeyrtlankvhanagngviptpitmdeledllmefgimskedesivgktaaqaaa
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae  coded_by=<1..>557,organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae,definition=NifH protein
vgggsggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeleeml
>Mesorhizobium_temperatum  coded_by=<1..>498,organism=Mesorhizobium temperatum,definition=NifH
gayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeeledmlldfgimktde
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>488,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtilslaaaagsvedleieevmkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaannisegilkyansggvrlgglvcnerqtdkelelaealakklgtq
>Nostoc_sp._PCC_7120  coded_by=1008496..1009389,organism=Nostoc sp. PCC 7120,definition=nitrogenase reductase
msidkkirqiafygkggigksttsqntlaamaemgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhskaqttvlhlaaergavedleleevmltgfrgvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgiitainfleengayqdvdfvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahtggvrlgglicnsrnvdreielietlakrlntqmihyvprdnivqhaelrrmtvneyapdsnqgneyrilankiinnenlkiptpiemeeleelliefgileseenaakmiattsesksk
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>478,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=NifH
dyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapnskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimksd
>Rhizobium_leguminosarum  coded_by=complement(<1..>739),organism=Rhizobium leguminosarum,definition=NifH
tanggigksttsqntlaalvelgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqgtvldlaatkgsvedlelgdvlktgyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniargilkyasagsvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyaprskqaaeyrwlaekihsnsgkg
>Sinorhizobium_sp._C9  coded_by=<1..>601,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. C9,definition=nitrogenase reductase
kcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqaaeyralaekihansgqgtvptpitmeeledmlldfgimktdeqmlae
>Mesorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_11196  coded_by=<1..>742,organism=Mesorhizobium sp. CCBAU 11196,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
slvalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnskaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgqgtiptpitmeelegha
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DpLT2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DpLT2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApB8  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApB8,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._abh10  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. abh10,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._abw9  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. abw9,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._abs7  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. abs7,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._abh7  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. abh7,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._DesT1  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. DesT1,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApT2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApT2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ApE4.8  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ApE4.8,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._onl92.10  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. onl92.10,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._onl92.6  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. onl92.6,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._rp3  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. rp3,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._th.b2  coded_by=<1..>631,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. th.b2,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaasagsvedleledvmkvgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaealakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlak
>Azotobacter_chroococcum  coded_by=338..1210,organism=Azotobacter chroococcum,definition=Azotobacter chroococcum MCD 1 nifH* gene for nitrogenase iron protein
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntvmemaasagsgedleledvlqigyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaysddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyahsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnvvqhaeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyralaqkilnnkllvipnpasmedleellmefgimeaedesivgkagaeg
>Azotobacter_chroococcum  coded_by=337..1209,organism=Azotobacter chroococcum,definition=Azotobacter chroococcum vnfH, D, G, and K genes, region encoding the structural genes for vanadium nitrogenase
malrqcaiygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqntvmemaasagsgedleledvlqigyggvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegaysddldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivcsgemmamyaanniakgivkyahsgsvrlgglicnsrktdredelimalaakigtqmihfvprdnvvqhaeirrmtvieydpkakqadeyralaqkilnnkllvipnpasmedleellmefgimeaedesivgkagaeg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>457,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrogenase iron subunit
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>543,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
maamaemgrrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrln
>Methylobacterium_sp._GXF4  coded_by=complement(214432..215325),organism=Methylobacterium sp. GXF4,definition=protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mniairnpviarkeegsvqvaldpdlkietakvfavygkggigksttssnlsvafsklgkrvlqigcdpkhdstftltkrlaptvidaleavnfhseelrvedfvvegyngvmcveaggppagtgcggyvvgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvvfdvlgdvvcggfasplqhadralivtandfdsifamnrivaaihakaknypvrlggvianrsaktdeidrfndavglkrlahfpdldvvrrsrlkkstlfemesspeldavtaeymrlaetlwageepceavpmkdrdlfeflgfd
>Ectothiorhodospira_sp._B7-7  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Ectothiorhodospira sp. B7-7,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqetimqmaadagsvedleledvlktgyagikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Ectothiorhodospira_shaposhnikovii_DSM_2111  coded_by=<1..>449,organism=Ectothiorhodospira shaposhnikovii DSM 2111,definition=nitrogenase iron protein
ygkggigkstttqnlvaalaeagkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqetimqmaadagsvedleledvlktgyagikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleeegayeedldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivvsgemma
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=<1..>725,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
lvdmgqnilvvgchpkadstrlilnakaqdmvlhlaategsvedleledvlkvgyrgikcvesggpqpgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayndvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahaggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapdskqageyralaekihansgrgtvptpitmdeled
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._RSA3  coded_by=<1..>740,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. RSA3,definition=NifH
igksttsqntlaalaemghkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleledvmkigyqdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayenidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrlgglicnerqtdkelelaeamakklgtqliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapesqqadhyrnlatkihnnggkgiiptp
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>486,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlslaadagsvedleledvlrvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyanaggvrlgglicnerktdkeweladalakklgtq
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>489,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqntvmdlvrelgtvedleidnvmkigyggikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytpdldfvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkyatsgkvrlaglicnarktdmefelvtalaeklgtq
>Pelobacter_propionicus_DSM_2379  coded_by=3829863..3830729,organism=Pelobacter propionicus DSM 2379,definition=Mo-nitrogenase iron protein subunit NifH
mrqiaiygkggigkstttqntvaglaslgkrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqttvmdlvrergtvedleledvlkvgygdvkcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengaytddlefvfydvlgdvvcggfampiregkaeeiyivcsgemmamyaanniskgilkyassgkvrlaglicnarktdkefelvsalaaklgtqmihyvprdnqvqraemrrmtvieyspehpqaneyrelarkisenkmlvvptpltmdeleelmmefgimeaedesivgkaevaa
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._NZP2309  coded_by=<1..>783,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. NZP2309,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
ygkggigksttsqntlaalaelgqrilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaanagsvedleiediiklgykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayedidyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaanniskgilkyansggvrfgglicnerqtdkeleladalakklgsrliyfvprdnvvqhaelrrmtvleyapeskqadhyrnlatkihnnagqgaiptpismeeledml
>Mesorhizobium_robiniae  coded_by=<1..>708,organism=Mesorhizobium robiniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ralvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptp
>Mesorhizobium_robiniae  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Mesorhizobium robiniae,definition=nitrogenase reductase
ralvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelqdvlkigykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealasrlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrkmsviqyapdckqageyralaekihvnsgqgtiptp
>Burkholderia_sp._JPY388  coded_by=<1..>569,organism=Burkholderia sp. JPY388,definition=nitrogenase reductase
rilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtilslaaeagsvedleledvmkigykdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengaydgvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemkaiyaanniskgilkyansggvrlggllcherktdqevelaeslapmlgtrlihfvprddllqhael
>Azospirillum_sp._TSA2s  coded_by=<1..>613,organism=Azospirillum sp. TSA2s,definition=nitrogenase reductase
strlilhakaqdtvlhlaaeagsvedleledvlkigyknikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdkewdladalakrlgsklihfvprdnivqhaelrrmtvieyapdskqageyralankih
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>585,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
aamaemgqrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqh
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>465,organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
gkggigksttsqntlaamaqkgqrilivgcdpkadstrlmlhpkaqttvlhvaaekgavedvdldevlktgfanircvesggpepgvgwagrgiitainfleengayeeldlvsydvfgevvcgglampiregkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanni
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(<1..>460),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=NifH
ggigksttsqntlaalaemgkkimivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqntvlhlaaekggveeleledvlkmgyrdiacvesggpepgvgcagrgvitainfleengayhdgldyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
>Cryptomeria_japonica  coded_by=<1..>738,organism=Cryptomeria japonica,definition=light-indepedent protochlorophyllide reductase
gigkpttscnisialarrgekvlqigcdpkhdstftltgfliptiidtlqskdyhyediwsedvihkgyggvdcveaggppagagcggyvvgetvkllkelnafyeydiilfdvlgdvvcggfaaplnyadycviitdngfdalfaanritasirekarthplrlaglvgnrtskrdlinkyveacpmpvievlpliedirvsrvkgktlfemvgsepslnyvceyyldiadqilsqpegivpke
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>574,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
mivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsviqlaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinyleeagayedldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaanniargvlkyahsggvrlgglicnsrntdredelimelarrlntqmihfiprnnvvqhaelrr
>Rhizobium_sp._TJ173  coded_by=<1..>634,organism=Rhizobium sp. TJ173,definition=nitrogenase reductase
igksttsqntlaalvdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaaqegsvedlelenvlkagykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlsealaarlnsklihfvprdnivqhaelrk
>Ensifer_sojae  coded_by=<1..>707,organism=Ensifer sojae,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>707,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_05696  coded_by=<1..>707,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05696,definition=nitrogenase Fe protein
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_sp._CCBAU_051127  coded_by=<1..>705,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 051127,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>Sinorhizobium_fredii  coded_by=<1..>706,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii,definition=NifH
vdlgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilnakaqdtvlhlaakegsvedlevedvlkvgykgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayddvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmalyaanniakgilkyahsggvrlgglicnerqtdreldlaealaaklnsrlihfvprdnivqhaelrkmtviqyapesqqaaeyraladkihansgqgtvptpitm
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>uncultured_Frankia_sp.  coded_by=<1..>522,organism=uncultured Frankia sp.,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
grrvmivgcdpkadstrlilhskaqtsvielaaekgsvedleldevlvegqwgikcvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsityleeagayenldfvtydvlgdvvcggfampirqgkaqeiyivtsgemmamyaannisrgilkyahsggvrlgglicnsrktdredelimelarrln
>Methanocaldococcus_jannaschii_DSM_2661  coded_by=804540..805379,organism=Methanocaldococcus jannaschii DSM 2661,definition=nitrogenase iron protein (nifH)
mrkfcvygkggigksttvsniaaalaedgkkvlvvgcdpkadttrnlvgrkiptvldvfrkkgaenmkledivfegfggvycvesggpepgvgcagrgvitavdmlnrlgafeelkpdvviydilgdvvcggfamplqkhladdvyivttcdpmaiyaannickgikryasrgkialggiiyngrsvidapeivkdfakkigtqvigkipmsniitraeiykktvieyapdseiantfreiakaiyenenrvipnplseeeldeitekidvllkesvkg
>Prochlorococcus_marinus_str._AS9601  coded_by=complement(522570..523457),organism=Prochlorococcus marinus str. AS9601,definition=Protochlorophyllide reductase iron-sulfur ATP-binding protein
mtstinrpldgegsvqvkqdpkinieegalviavygkggigksttssnlsaafsklgkkvlqigcdpkhdstftlthkmvptvidileevdfhseelrptdfmfegfngvmcvesggppagtgcggyvtgqtvkllkehhlledtdvvifdvlgdvvcggfaaplqhanyclivtandfdsifamnrivsaikakaknykvrlggvvanrskdtdqidkfnertglktmahfkdvdairrsrlkkctifemeptedvievqneylslaknmlenveplegnplkdreifdllgfd
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>458,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dinitrogenase reductase
kggigksttsqntlaalaemgqkilivgcdpkadstrlilhakaqdtvlslaaeagsvedleledvlkvgyrdircvesggpepgvgcagrgvitsinfleengayygvdyvsydvlgdvvcggfampirenkaqeiyivmsgemmamyaan
