>Sulfobacillus_acidophilus_TPY  coded_by=complement(3391823..3392866),organism=Sulfobacillus acidophilus TPY,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
miaitegfdgegdsveekrpwlrrfflmrttpwislavtaalaagltgcgtkgptssapsapstntmglgamnmgmaalnqpikpmtevrhgqnvtinmyteervvtiapgvrwaawtfdgtvpgpviqldqgdhvtlilhnidprmphsidlhaaqiapsanyvdvlpgqsrvirfvtevpgvfmyhcatqpdllhmekgmygeimvnpahttpvipqyhlvqsefysnwdallngsptyvtfngmadqyldhpltakvgqpvqfavvnagpnewsafhiigaimssvqpsgsvetvfhdlqtysiapgdgalitvtfqqpgtykflthsfrdvekgavgeivvtp
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_278  coded_by=complement(1305001..1306095),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278,definition=Copper-containing Nitrite reductase (NO-forming) nirK
mltrrtalfsaaiaammlaapaaaddlklprqrvdlvappfvhaheqatkqgpkimefrlvvqekkmvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatntmphnidfhaatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndghghalrydriyyigeqdlyvprdekgnfksydspgeaysdteevmrkltpthvvfngragaltgknaltanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvrapadiptgstn
>uncultured_crenarchaeote_57a5  coded_by=33310..34962,organism=uncultured crenarchaeote 57a5,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mnrslvltslltatfllassivlapyfssnmvsaqqgqekekggqvkhvtliasekqlqvapdnalhpggitynaytfngtipgpvisidqgdtlnitlknegktihsldfhagygpskalsgsvkpgesktwsltgefpgvfiyhcgadglngiwehisngmyggivvhpktetkakefyvvfselynnadkgpfvgtngtagsfdigkfisknpdlvmtngmahkyvpaigqvnklelnknaelfkvkpgeltrwyiinagpndgvsfhfiggmlsvrdgtnqannglgtqdindetwwippaagsviestfpeaglyvgvdhamadvvkgaafavvamenstasdyptgtcvppkgsesvvceeataaeaaggaattekasasandnndkntnnksndnnnkgndkesqtevtqnatmlntsassgnatgngtmmagnmtgnmtgnmtgtagseidispgssspsnakffeppaltvkagttvtwkntdstlhtvtsgsaeggepgkdfdssylaggktfehvfstpgtfdyfctlhpymkghvtvn
>Alcaligenes_faecalis_subsp._faecalis_NCIB_8687  coded_by=complement(134603..135748),organism=Alcaligenes faecalis subsp. faecalis NCIB 8687,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
merrhflksaglgvaagttllaaqvqaretaapkknapwlaartedqiaklervkvdlvappmvhkheqkvgpeprvvefrmtisereievdrdgttmhammfddsmpgptmvvhegdyleltlvnpatntmphnidfhastgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrtgtfvyhcapegsvawhvvqgmhgtvmvlprdglkdpagnalhydrvytigefdlyiprdekgnfkkygssaesygdtletmrglipshvvfngkvgalmgdgamkakvgetvlfihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwelgkfddppaknletwfirggsagvalytfkqpgvyayvnhnlieamelgaaghvlvegewnddlmkqvsppgpika
>Methylotenera_mobilis_JLW8  coded_by=complement(1157369..1158811),organism=Methylotenera mobilis JLW8,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkkipllvlgaalcmaniavaatvtksnsdkvigqetavltdapavppritrkhatkvivnlevkelegrladgvsytfwtfggkvpgkfiriregddvefhlnnhpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggaaasltapghssvfsfkalnpglyvyhcatapvamhvangmyglilvepkagmskvdhefyvmqgdfytqgkngeqglqafsmakaidekpeyvvfngaagaltgdnalkakkgdtvrlfvgvggpnltssfhvigeifdkvnhegntaapakniqttmipaggaaymefkvnvpgtyimvdhsltrafnkgalgmlkvsgdedktiysgkmtdevylpegtsmrnaersqaqaptaktkadrvklgeaiynnncaachqttgvgvpqafpplaksdyllngkaptikavtgglqgklvvngneyngvmpawtlsdeevanvltyiysswgnsgdevtpeevkqhrvapvkhve
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>587,organism=uncultured organism,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
fvyhcapggpmipwrvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkghalkydrvyyigeqdmyvprdekgnfksydspgeafteteevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgknaltakvgenalivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkp
>Coccidioides_posadasii_C735_delta_SOWgp  coded_by=431590..433068,organism=Coccidioides posadasii C735 delta SOWgp,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor, putative
mntctrclrtplkapwkaiqstslpreafssrgfvstvsrstkiqsrristdsskssgnkygnrtklafalavsgftttvillygghrdavrmdwqpkrkpavdptpapssgkpvppgesgkpfpvkspgptstrrsisfvpagygetdlshldpytvlghepidvskfpvedailttapnvpppitrdhpallrvplttttklsqltsvykydqwtfndsvpgpfiraragdvieltitnkdpsgnphnidchafigpgggaplttvgfnesktarfqllypglyvyhcaaapvpvhiangmygmiyvqpaegdlppvdkeyfvlqsefyheppeveddgrpssivefsypnalreepnvvvfngsesaltrdkpltaninetvrlffgnagpnltssfhvigsnfknvyregdvisppgqciqtvsvppgsativdmemsvpgtyalvdhaifrmdkgavgylnvsgeqrpdiygstqppapcvgcklhp
>Parvibaculum_lavamentivorans_DS-1  coded_by=complement(1102440..1103492),organism=Parvibaculum lavamentivorans DS-1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mspfrkaligtassiallaslsigavaadpaadteagaaltsialdpttvpapiardhaatiklelqtiereaeladgttfrfwtfngtvpgpfvrarvgdtidvafsnaedstmfhsvdfhavtgpgggavatqtapgehsgfsfkalnpgiyvyhcatpmvadhiqagmyglilvepegglppvdrelyvmqgevytelaygekgeaftdydklldekpeyyvfngavgalagdnaikaktgetvriyfgvggpnktssfhvigeimdkvythgsltspasldvqtvtvapggatvaevtfdvpgryllvdhalsrlerglvamievegpadtaifntgdaelsmagh
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidasius_NBRC_107763  coded_by=complement(84537..85592),organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius NBRC 107763,definition=putative oxidoreductase
mkrkfytfmsivvaalfltacehtggkeaekertkvgthhadsgviaahkglqqkpiplkmerigphdvhiemtaqvtdieidkgkmykawtfngqvpgplivvnegdtlhftlknmdpamphsmdfhavhaspskdfadimpnqsgtftyqannpgvfmyhcgtkpvlahiangmhgmmivkpkngyptdkevdrefvliqnewykyndmddfqngvpsyvvfstkalkagdrntngdtftlkekplvakvgdkvriylenvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddvyidgnpnnhlkglqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgnysivthqfnhaqkgavailkvtetgeddgaeasgh
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidans_TNO-09.020  coded_by=complement(409165..410220),organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidans TNO-09.020,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper-type
mkrkfytfmsivvaalfltacehtggkeaekertkvgthhadsgviaahkglqqkpiplkmerigphdvhiemtaqvtdieidkgkmykawtfngqvpgplivvnegdtlhftlknmdpamphsmdfhavhaspskdfadimpnqsgtftyqannpgvfmyhcgtkpvlahiangmhgmmivkpkngyptdkevdrefvliqnewykyndmddfqngvpsyvvfstkalkagdrntngdtftlkekplvakvgdkvriylenvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddvyidgnpnnhlkglqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgnysivthqfnhaqkgavailkvtetgeddgaeasgh
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidasius  coded_by=1457079..1458134,organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrkfytfmsivvaalfltacehtggkeaekertkvgthhadsgviaahkglqqkpiplkmerigphdvhiemtaqvtdieidkgkmykawtfngqvpgplivvnegdtlhftlknmdpamphsmdfhavhaspskdfadimpnqsgtftyqannpgvfmyhcgtkpvlahiangmhgmmivkpkngyptdkevdrefvliqnewykyndmddfqngvpsyvvfstkalkagdrntngdtftlkekplvakvgdkvriylenvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddvyidgnpnnhlkglqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgnysivthqfnhaqkgavailkvtetgeddgaeasgh
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1389..2567),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=87..1265,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG17  coded_by=complement(983..2161),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG17,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=7056..8234,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1389..2567),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1490..2668),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Actinobacillus_succinogenes_130Z  coded_by=complement(1052782..1053894),organism=Actinobacillus succinogenes 130Z,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkntlltvllaslfmvsassqandqsektiekptalfgdsatadlpvieaeltfapnvpkpitrkaparvvvklealekvmeimdgvqfkywtfngatpapfirvregdmvevqlsnpvnsklahsldfhavaapegtslisntqpghtttfafkalnpglylyhcgafpgpathigkgmfglllvepkeglspadkefyivqnefytrggfgekglqvtsmekagyelpdyvvfnghinslmgdnvlkaktgekirffmgnagpnkissfhlmgktfdtvyveggdlknhhvqttlipaggatilefqinvpgqytfldhsinrtekgakgmlvvegkenpevfsgkikdeiynkrnpeadvdvnfhmk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M01-240355  coded_by=1682237..1683397,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M01-240355,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaasaeaassaaqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_sicca_VK64  coded_by=complement(259..1467),organism=Neisseria sicca VK64,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkrqalaaiiasvfalaacgeqaaqkpaeqtasasapaaseapasgaqaaaetpaaelpvidavtthapevppaidrdhparvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfngdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeasftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstlipaggaaiiefkadipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtkkledkayagsgaasapaasapaapassaaapasaasagkggy
>Chelativorans_sp._BNC1  coded_by=2397215..2398318,organism=Chelativorans sp. BNC1,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mftrreallgvataamlsalpfmafpaladeadalprqtvalvpppfvhdheqvatggpkvvkftmtiqekeividedgttfqamtfdgsvpgpmmvvhegdyveltlvnpetnglahnidfhaatgamgggeltlinpgeqttlrfkatragvfvyhcapggpmtpwhvvsgmsgaimvlpreglkddkgepvrydriyyigendfyvprdengtfktydsageayadtvemmrglvpthvvfngakgaltgdnaltakvgetvmivhaqanrdtrphligghgdhvweegkfanppardletwfirggsagaatytflkpglyayvnhnlieaielgaaahimvegewnddlmkqvdaprpiasy
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvnvmdqirnmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgvlessgrnvvefnltgvsvelpimggktynamtfseqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgevsqccyiaesvgifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfienqgnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvnvmdqirnmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgvlessgrnvvefnltgvsvelpimggktynamtfseqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgevsqccyiaesvgifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfienqgnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Burkholderia_mallei_PRL-20  coded_by=complement(11807..13270),organism=Burkholderia mallei PRL-20,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei_GB8_horse_4  coded_by=complement(15006..16469),organism=Burkholderia mallei GB8 horse 4,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei_SAVP1  coded_by=552048..553511,organism=Burkholderia mallei SAVP1,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(6083..7546),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(31663..33126),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=15878..17341,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=742520..743983,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1847353..1848816,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(112941..114404),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3185348..3186811,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1817595..1819058,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(1560764..1562227),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1736910..1738373,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(282716..284179),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=495714..497177,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Neisseria_meningitidis_Z2491  coded_by=1810404..1811564,organism=Neisseria meningitidis Z2491,definition=nitrite reductase, major outer membrane copper-containing protein
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_63023  coded_by=14944..16104,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 63023,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_64182  coded_by=14512..15672,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 64182,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_70082  coded_by=14964..16124,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 70082,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_61106  coded_by=14955..16115,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 61106,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69100  coded_by=14959..16119,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69100,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_70021  coded_by=13513..14673,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 70021,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_96060  coded_by=14956..16116,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 96060,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69176  coded_by=14951..16111,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69176,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69155  coded_by=14961..16121,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69155,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69096  coded_by=66714..67874,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69096,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_70030  coded_by=complement(157474..158634),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 70030,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_61103  coded_by=93680..94840,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 61103,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_70012  coded_by=62481..63641,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 70012,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_68094  coded_by=13519..14679,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 68094,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_69166  coded_by=13600..14760,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 69166,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggepaaqtpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_46P47B1  coded_by=88624..90150,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 46P47B1,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakknqaklilkfn
>Candidatus_Caldiarchaeum_subterraneum  coded_by=43269..44726,organism=Candidatus Caldiarchaeum subterraneum,definition=multicopper oxidase
mnkmlllaaiaalfalaapasaivyapgvpgnpppnavpnksftliaseadvviddgvvfrafvfngtspgplivveegdvveiivknvgqythglsfhaantqtskfignippggegrlvfkadfpgvymyhcapgghgilthtlagmygmvvvepkkgsyllekqlgrepdikiyliqhevymngrdfydgkplyvmfngrvfryltepiqarpgdyvrfyflnigpslvssfhavggiweyayrngnpenvevglqtvnaaptesyviewrvpaegnflivshafgtqaikgaagyiaasvnatpqpvilpngpvaqppanpkrvvapfeptspdesktflpgekvmiqivgnsfypkiarvpvgstvtwinedvlsigsgeitgqhnvaaiqgpvsfasqllknaeqfsfkiekegeynyicgihpymkgtlvayaaaglpssagqgigftfdltafivffgglgalsllvyvgektskkt
>Candidatus_Caldiarchaeum_subterraneum  coded_by=complement(22155..23612),organism=Candidatus Caldiarchaeum subterraneum,definition=multicopper oxidase
mnkmlllaaiaalfalaapasaivyapgvpgnpppnavpnksftliaseadvviddgvvfrafvfngtspgplivveegdvveiivknvgqythglsfhaantqtskfignippggegrlvfkadfpgvymyhcapgghgilthtlagmygmvvvepkkgsyllekqlgrepdikiyliqhevymngrdfydgkplyvmfngrvfryltepiqarpgdyvrfyflnigpslvssfhavggiweyayrngnpenvevglqtvnaaptesyviewrvpaegnflivshafgtqaikgaagyiaasvnatpqpvilpngpvaqppanpkrvvapfeptspdesktflpgekvmiqivgnsfypkiarvpvgstvtwinedvlsigsgeitgqhnvaaiqgpvsfasqllknaeqfsfkiekegeynyicgihpymkgtlvayaaaglpssagqgigftfdltafivffgglgalsllvyvgektskkt
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_AXX-A  coded_by=20418..21479,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans AXX-A,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mlaaalafsmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhaatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgadgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrnletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Pseudomonas_sp._G-179  coded_by=complement(2309..3448),organism=Pseudomonas sp. G-179,definition=Cu-type dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mseqfrltrrsmlagaavagalapvvtsvahaegggiktnsaataaniatlervkvelvkppfvhahtqkaegepkvvefkmtiqekkivvddkgtevhamtfdgsvpgpmmivhqddyveltlvnpdtnelqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdtavlrfkatkagvfvyhcapagmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdhkghelvydkvyyvgeqdfyvpkdengkfkkyesageaypdvleamktltpthvvfngavgaltgdnalqakvgdrvlilhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfanppeldqetwfipggaagaayytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgdwnddlmtavvsptsg
>Pseudomonas_sp._G-179  coded_by=582..1721,organism=Pseudomonas sp. G-179,definition=nitrite reductase
mseqfrltrrsmlagaavagalapvvtsvahaegggiktnsaataaniatlervkvelvkppfvhahtqkaegepkvvefkmtiqekkivvddkgtevhamtfdgsvpgpmmivhqddyveltlvnpdtnelqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdtavlrfkatkagvfvyhcapagmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdhkghelvydkvyyvgeqdfyvpkdengkfkkyesageaypdvleamktltpthvvfngavgaltgdnalqakvgdrvlilhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfanppeldqetwfipggaagaayytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgdwnddlmtavvsptsg
>Pseudomonas_sp._G-179  coded_by=668..1807,organism=Pseudomonas sp. G-179,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mseqfrltrrsmlagaavagalapvvtsvahaegggiktnsaataaniatlervkvelvkppfvhahtqkaegepkvvefkmtiqekkivvddkgtevhamtfdgsvpgpmmivhqddyveltlvnpdtnelqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdtavlrfkatkagvfvyhcapagmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdhkghelvydkvyyvgeqdfyvpkdengkfkkyesageaypdvleamktltpthvvfngavgaltgdnalqakvgdrvlilhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfanppeldqetwfipggaagaayytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgdwnddlmtavvsptsg
>Ochrobactrum_intermedium_LMG_3301  coded_by=complement(929813..930943),organism=Ochrobactrum intermedium LMG 3301,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mvdqmqisrrsilagaalagalapvlattsawgqgavrkasaaeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvieftmvieekkividdagtevhamafngtvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpetntlmhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektilrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngaimvlpreglhdgkgkaltydkiyyvgeqdfyvprdengkfkkydapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkamtaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwstgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaagaafytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsvlapsgt
>Ochrobactrum_intermedium_M86  coded_by=93170..94300,organism=Ochrobactrum intermedium M86,definition=nitrite reductase
mvdqmqisrrsilagaalagalapvlattsawgqgavrkasaaeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvieftmvieekkividdagtevhamafngtvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpetntlmhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektilrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngaimvlpreglhdgkgkaltydkiyyvgeqdfyvprdengkfkkydapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkamtaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwstgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaagaafytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsvlapsgt
>Kingella_denitrificans_ATCC_33394  coded_by=complement(77675..79210),organism=Kingella denitrificans ATCC 33394,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mklhtiaalcasvfalaacqqpqtsaskqsapantapasdaaatassspapaaasaeaevaaadlpviegvttfapeapppvnrnhaarvkvkfevqekvmrmadgveykfwtfgghvpgpmirvregdtvelefanrsdstvphnidfhaatgpgggaeasftapghvstfsfkalqpglyiyhcatapvgmhmangmyglilvepkeglppvdkefyvvqgdfytkgkygeaglqpfdmekaireqpdyvvfngsvgsiagdnalkanvgdkvrifignggpnlvssfhvigeifdevrveggtlinknvqttlvpaggaaivdfkidvpgvynlvdhsifrafnkgalgqiratgpenkeifsgritegiyqgeggavqtvpltasetakaaagaptaaskddrirlgeaifkanciachgaegkgvegafpplagsdylnadpkrgiqavvkglsgeisvngktynsvmpavnlkdedvanvltfilnsfgnkggevkpedvaagrk
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_354a  coded_by=<1..899,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 354a,definition=multicopper oxidase
cgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Aequorivita_sublithincola_DSM_14238  coded_by=120458..121927,organism=Aequorivita sublithincola DSM 14238,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mklkinkttvtkmllglstavfltgcvndqsdkkyndtvdipvnqemiaeltsppfvptpvgkrmakklivdleiqeregemtsgvkyvywtfggtvpgsfirtrvgdevefhlknhpdnklphnidlhavngpgggaessfvapghekvfsfkvlnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglepvdkeyyimqgdfytegkygerglqafdmqkaidekadyvvfnghvgamtgdnaltakvgekirlfvgnggpglvssfhvigeifdrvhveggdlinenvqttlipaggaaivefrvdvpgtfilvdhsifrafnkgalamlkvegeekkniysgeihdgiylpeggviqsmptgnkkdegekevkllsfedqmkfgkdkymatcvachqangsgiegafpplaksdylnadidraidivlhgktgeitvngkkynsvmtaqalsdedvsnvltyvynswgnnktvvtpamveavrnk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>604,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirK
fvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngaimvlprdglkdengkalrydkayyigeqdfyvpkdkdgkyktyaspgesypdtvevmrklipthevfngavgaltgknaltakvgervlilhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfnnkpekdletwfirggsagaalytflqpgiyayvnhnlieavelgatahfkvdgkwnddlm
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured organism,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
fvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngaimvlprdglkdengkalrydkayyigeqdfyvpkdkdgkyktyaspgesypdtvevmrklipthevfngavgaltgknaltakvgervlilhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfnnkpekdletwfirggsagaalytflqpgiyayvnhnlieavelgatahfkvdgkwnddlm
>Turneriella_parva_DSM_21527  coded_by=complement(2142284..2143699),organism=Turneriella parva DSM 21527,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mkttkhtlhrgaalialallapmflacgtktekavlthapevppridrsgnakviveletkelkgrladgveytfwtfggtvpgpmirvregddveftlsnhptskmphnidlhavtgpgggaaasltspghsskfsfkainpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkgglpkvdkefyvmqsefytkgkngqtglqpfdmnkalderpeyvvfngsvgsmtgdkalktkvgetvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdqvyteggteknqknvqttlvpaggsaivdfkmdvpgnyvivdhsifrtfnkgalgilkaegpenaaiysgkqadtvylgeggatqtmpaekatqavakskeeriaegkriygttcqachmnegqgvpkafpplaksdylnadkvrairvllegksgpivvnkekydsvmpalglsdedvanvltfvlnawgnsggvvtpqevaaqrsvh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqigaqsldvskmnanvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafaatdcgalsdsgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktyhamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtlsipadevtghgndmhasqmaagnfesvnpgqtsqycyiaqsagtfkyhcsgvhligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpidgynklmvektsvsngkvsldrkfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvrnllvkgdpaknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeimdrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_CDCE_8392  coded_by=complement(1843826..1845214),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae CDCE 8392,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlssleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Methylacidiphilum_infernorum_V4  coded_by=complement(886516..887445),organism=Methylacidiphilum infernorum V4,definition=Multicopper oxidase
mkikmrvlmvipmlwigissvgtaktvtiefhgkeaelvidnkgtkylawtfngqvpgplvrvtegdvvdftlvneitnkkshamdfhaaqldaakdfgqirpgetkhytfkanypgvffyhcgadpmvqhiargmfgviivdpkdskampkadreyvlvqseiysnpddekslmegkwefaafnfckfkydpvhderattwlqakpgervriyfvnagpnefasfhpiagiwdrvyvggnpknvlyglqsftvgpgdgaifdlispveganaivthsmkqalsgaiaiimftkdadpkmghgeqilvr
>Thermobifida_fusca_YX  coded_by=3280945..3282360,organism=Thermobifida fusca YX,definition=conserved membrane protein
mnadtllwslllgvivvaaaaaiiiptvrnsstapppgavgtalgaaltaaalgiagsgtapasevpagsgqvrtvdvvlgdmtvspshvtvapgdslvlrvrnedtqvhdlvvetgartprlapgdsatlqvgtvtepidawctvlghsaagmrmridttdtadsadspdtpagadsgppaplplsaemsddwqprdavlppapdrteheveirvtetelevapgvrqsvwtfggdvpgpvlrgkvgdvftvtfvndgtmghgidfhasslapdepmrtinpgerltyrfraekagawvyhcstspmlqhigngmygaviidppdlepvdreyllvqgelylgepgsadqvarmragepdawvfngvaagyahapltaevgervriwvvaagptsgtsfhivgaqfdtvykegaylvrrgdaggaqaldlavaqggfvetvfpeagsypfvdhdmrhaengargfftite
>Thermaerobacter_marianensis_DSM_12885  coded_by=complement(1812594..1813730),organism=Thermaerobacter marianensis DSM 12885,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mmgpmrglkkgrgmsrgrrtrgrvalllglsmvavtacgstaagqgdaaqpgssgsgteqaqqveparagakvvaadptavpepvgqrppqtvridletveldgklddgttytywtfngqvpgpmlrvrvgdtvelhlknspksgqihsidlhavngpgggavatqvkpgeekvftwkalnpglyiyhcasphipshiangmyglilvepegglppvdkefyivqgefytnlkrgekghagydydallderpnfvvfngaaaywtgeramkakvgdririfvgnggpnlvssfhvigevfdavhdqgateavhnvqtalipaggaawveftvdvpgtytlvdhsisrsidkgaiaqivvegepnpevfdapqvdagah
>Pusillimonas_sp._T7-7  coded_by=3455201..3456673,organism=Pusillimonas sp. T7-7,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mkafrttllaammtalmvggpawaadladkldrvkvdlvapplvhpheqkavsgpkvieftmvieekkividdkgttmqamtfngsmpgptmvvhegdyveitlvnpasnamphnvdfhaatgalggakltdvapgeqatmrfkadrsgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvvagmsgtimvlpreglkdpegrelkydraytigefdlyipkdengqykdyasladsysdtvevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgegamkanvgetvlmihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanapeknletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfvvegkwnddlmkqvkatgpitretaamleartaklagvrpaltpapakvavapaapvkqaavkpeakkvasthpdgeklyktscvachstgvanapklgdktawaplvekgldsvlevaikgkgampprgassaddatlraaveymmsrvq
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>720,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
ntqigaqgldinkmdvdvleqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgaladtgrtvvefnltgksvelpimggntynamtfngqvpgptlrvmqgdvvqmtlsipadevtghgndmhasqmsatyfdsvnpgetsqycyiaesagvfkyhcsgvhlagmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrqfydadaleftrqynqlyltadgnydatamfghqntatvvngmqfgyvpn
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1258b  coded_by=15001..16464,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1258b,definition=multicopper oxidase
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026b  coded_by=1949574..1951037,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026b,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain-containing protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026a  coded_by=14806..16269,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026a,definition=multicopper oxidase
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026b  coded_by=complement(993507..994970),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026b,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=815609..817072,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>uncultured_crenarchaeote_76h13  coded_by=complement(23467..24825),organism=uncultured crenarchaeote 76h13,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mnrslllassliasfllassiafvpyfsannvvhaqetddqnqgevkhvtliasekqvqvapdnalhpggimynamvfngsipgpaisidqgdtlnitlknegqtihsldfhagygpgnalsgsvkpgesktwslkadypgaflyhcgadglngvwehisngmyggiivhpaneepakefymvfselynnadkgpfvgtngtagsfdigkfisnnpdlvltngmahkyvpavgevnklelnkdaelfkvkpgemtrwyiinpgpndgvsfhfisgilsvkdgsnaanngygtqdmndetwwippgsgsviestfpqpgvyvgvdhamsdvvkggafavvamenstatdhpegtcvpakgegivcapaeaeaegaataadnqtaandeddnneandngndggneaqddesevtqnatmlnttggnmtgngtmmagnmtgnmtgdmggnstmgs
>Brucella_suis_bv._1_str._S2  coded_by=241262..242392,organism=Brucella suis bv. 1 str. S2,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_CNGB_786  coded_by=515445..516575,organism=Brucella suis CNGB 786,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_92/29  coded_by=515421..516551,organism=Brucella suis 92/29,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_CNGB_247  coded_by=515427..516557,organism=Brucella suis CNGB 247,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_01-5744  coded_by=340643..341773,organism=Brucella suis 01-5744,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=338670..339800,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=241303..242433,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=25397..26527,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_VBI22  coded_by=241276..242406,organism=Brucella suis VBI22,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_1330  coded_by=241303..242433,organism=Brucella suis 1330,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=182428..183558,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=198132..199262,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=235998..237128,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplvvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaksgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqigaqsldvskmnanvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafaatdcgalsdsgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktyhamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtlsipadevtghgndmhasqmaagnfesvnpgqtsqycytaqsagtfkyhcsgvhligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpidgynklmvektsvsngkvsldrkfydadalefalqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdpaknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeimdrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_305  coded_by=24002..25564,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 305,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvervlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR520  coded_by=537571..539133,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR520,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvervlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR305  coded_by=1637503..1639065,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR305,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvervlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=3034021..3035583,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvervlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR303  coded_by=complement(223802..225364),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR303,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvervlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Haemophilus_pittmaniae_HK_85  coded_by=59856..61043,organism=Haemophilus pittmaniae HK 85,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mneqrrdffkqsalglasislgaglalipqaqasvskmaettgelptleaeltlapnvpkplerdypakvvvkltalerimdlmdgvqfkfwtfnggvpapfirvrqgdivevqlsnsassmmahsmdfhaaaapmggamasetlpgrtstfqfkalrpgiylyhcgsqpvdihlakgmyglvlveppeglpkvdrefyvmqsefytkgsfgepglqpfsmqkalderpdyvlfngnanalmndnalhaktgetirfflgnagpnlissfhiigtvfdkvyveggslinhnvqttavpsgsativetkidvpgtyvlmdhsifraankgttghlvvsgdknpqiysgklsdepfkeanpqktqpvpyeidshkgmemghshhsgtadgqsgatqk
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3173  coded_by=27160..28332,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3173,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM1476  coded_by=24997..26169,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM1476,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3141  coded_by=6603..7775,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3141,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2002030  coded_by=5469..6641,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2002030,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_H44/76  coded_by=76747..77919,organism=Neisseria meningitidis H44/76,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_CU385  coded_by=complement(28321..29493),organism=Neisseria meningitidis CU385,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_H44/76  coded_by=complement(642075..643247),organism=Neisseria meningitidis H44/76,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M13265  coded_by=6005..7177,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M13265,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM477  coded_by=5662..6834,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM477,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_2002020  coded_by=16935..18107,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 2002020,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_4119  coded_by=90050..91222,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 4119,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_12888  coded_by=25724..26896,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 12888,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM418  coded_by=79087..80259,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM418,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_9757  coded_by=79034..80206,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 9757,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M13255  coded_by=26912..28084,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M13255,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM422  coded_by=76693..77865,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM422,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_9506  coded_by=26763..27935,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 9506,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_MC58  coded_by=1687956..1689128,organism=Neisseria meningitidis MC58,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_LNP21362  coded_by=complement(1902004..1903176),organism=Neisseria meningitidis LNP21362,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaaaaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Chelativorans_sp._BNC1  coded_by=complement(177847..178947),organism=Chelativorans sp. BNC1,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mftrrealfgvagaaviatlpvglnmahaadvaglsrekvalvappfvhahqqvatggpkvvefqltikeqpvvidgdgttlqamtydgsipgpmmvvhendyveltlinpdtnemphnidfhaatgalgggaltnvnpgeqavlrfkatragtfvyhcapsgmipwhvvsgmsgtimvlprdglkdhegkpliydkvlyigesdfyvprdengnfkkfetlgdsydetlkvmrglipthvvfngkvgaltgdnalkakvgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdfvweqgkfanapdrdletwfirggsagaafymfrqpgvyayvnhnlieaaelgatahivvegnwdddlmtqvaapgpiptn
>Chromobacterium_violaceum_ATCC_12472  coded_by=2188174..2189652,organism=Chromobacterium violaceum ATCC 12472,definition=nitrite reductase
mlhslpasryqarsvavkrllkngfflpgvlaaalsclaaptgagalpiihqalvappllpppitrktparvvvdltveevereiapgsrymfwtfggtvpgkmirvragdtvelhlknlagnklphnidlhavtgpgggapqtlvapgnqavftfkalnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmygmilvepekplprvdreyyvmqgefytgtgyragglqpfdmqkaidekpsyvlfngadralagnqaltakagekvriyfgvggpnltssfhiigaifdrvysegganiqrnvqttmvpaggsaiveftprvpgnltlvdhsltrafnkgaigllavsgperpdiyskgvisalgatapvqakpapgeeapvnaeppqtrepapadhgravfskncvvchqanaqgldgvfpplansdliqknpleaakiilggragpitvngvgyngvmpaldlsdqevadalnyvstqfnhgkpvvtvdevkklraqrq
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_T3T1  coded_by=1903958..1905151,organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae T3T1,definition=Haemophilus parainfluenzae T3T1 complete genome
mneqrrdffknsalglatitlgaglslipsaqaeekasntattavenlpeieaeltlapnvpkpiernypakvvvkltaleqimdlmdgvqfkfwtlngsvpapfirvregdmvevqlsnsassmmphsidfhaaavpmggaiasetpptrtstfqfralrsgiylyhcgsqpvdihlakgmyglvlvepkeglpkvdrefyimqsefytkgefgdpglqpfsmqkaiderpeyvlfngkvgatmdenalkaktgetirlfvgnagpnlcssfhligavfdnvyveggtlvnhnvqttlipsgsatmvetridvpgtyvfmdhsifravnkgtmghivvegeknpniysgklkdeafkeanpqkpqpvpyeidshkgidmghsphehsdgnsgatrk
>Rhodothermus_marinus_SG0.5JP17-172  coded_by=complement(1826019..1827086),organism=Rhodothermus marinus SG0.5JP17-172,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkassrrdflkglgvaaagglitssglsleaegrgrsgrivtgpmgrrvervaadpadipppihrdwpithditlrveevvaeiepgvtfnfmtyngqipgpmirvrqgdvvnltienpssnrmphnvdfhavygpgggaahtlvapgqsktirfrclypgayvyhcavpdmdfhissgmfgmilveppeglppvdrefylgqhelytdkqpgepghhnfdfeklfeekptyvlfngakygltadrygamkakvgetvriflavggpnltsnfhpignvlsyvwregailnnpernaqtvaippgscgifhmrlpvpgpvkfvdhaltrvarkgllavlevegpeqpdiynpnpa
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E264  coded_by=complement(1034081..1035631),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E264,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_MSMB59  coded_by=816868..818418,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis MSMB59,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E444  coded_by=complement(2236815..2238365),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E444,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_2002721723  coded_by=complement(1067647..1069197),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 2002721723,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_Phuket_4W-1  coded_by=273518..275068,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis Phuket 4W-1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_2002721643  coded_by=complement(331210..332760),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 2002721643,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_USAMRU_Malaysia_20  coded_by=complement(236261..237811),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis USAMRU Malaysia 20,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E254  coded_by=complement(2833977..2835527),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E254,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E264  coded_by=1755855..1757405,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E264,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgavvaasaqaattpgkapgdfgppqgepihatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvmpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgdkamrartgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgssvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpdnkaiysgkeldtlyngdgvtaaagsgptgspaaaagakggaslvktsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvngrdydssmppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavteaah
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides  coded_by=136..1260,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides,definition=copper containing nitrite reductase
mftrraalvgaaalasaplvirtagaqeapaqlasaapvdlsnlprvkhtlvpppfahaheqvaasgpvinefemriiekevqldedaylqamtfdgsipgplmivhegdyveltlinppentmphnidfhaatgalggggltlinpgekvvlrfkatragafvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmagcimvlprdglkdhegkpvrydtvyyigesdhyipkdedgtymrfstpsegyedmvavmdtlipshivfngavgaltgegalkakvgdnvlfvhsqpkrdsrphligghgdlvwetgkfhnaperdletwfirggtagaalykflqpgvyayvnhnlieavhkgatasvlvegewdndlmeqvwppvgltg
>Actinomyces_coleocanis_DSM_15436  coded_by=1347..2744,organism=Actinomyces coleocanis DSM 15436,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mnmetqphqkrafnltqalatvtaftmvailflltgslnktpseisathppmvfeisarnmtfspnvlkvpasvavkisftnhdtmahdlvaetgvktpllktgesaildlgvvsaplkawcsvaghrqagmeiqiipegdtlnssphtatphhqnhsnetawkipgmqaflqnpsnvyvdpvlppvkvqtsgrplthrvtltvtekkipigadvmrpiwtfnggpvgptlrgkigdkfivtlknagsmahsidfhasflapdkpmrsiqpgeelvyeftaqragiwlyhcsttpmsmhiaagmygavivdpedltavdyeyvmvqsevylpsedspvsveklqavrpdlmafngvpyqyrvkplevtvgsrvrvwilaagpnlgtsfhvvgsqfdstwaegryllkdgidpvtgthgngsqtlalsaaqggfveftlpesgsyafvdhsmvraeqgavglfhak
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M13399  coded_by=complement(22372..23532),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M13399,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaasaeaassaaqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M0579  coded_by=complement(112577..113737),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M0579,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaasaeaassaaqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M0579  coded_by=391632..392792,organism=Neisseria meningitidis M0579,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaasaeaassaaqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Agrobacterium_tumefaciens  coded_by=complement(52805..53947),organism=Agrobacterium tumefaciens,definition=nitrite reductase
mtetfhitrrnilagaafagaiapmiipsaagaaeekkaaakpltsaeiaalprakvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkiveftltikeqkmilddkgtevhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtnelqhnidfhsatgalggggltivnpgekailrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdghgkelvydkvyyvgeqdfyiprdengnfkkyesagdamadtlevmrkltpshivfngavgaltgehalqaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnntlmqavlapssi
>Agrobacterium_fabrum_str._C58  coded_by=complement(1519291..1520433),organism=Agrobacterium fabrum str. C58,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mtetfhitrrnilagaafagaiapmiipsaagaaeekkaaakpltsaeiaalprakvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkiveftltikeqkmilddkgtevhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtnelqhnidfhsatgalggggltivnpgekailrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdghgkelvydkvyyvgeqdfyiprdengnfkkyesagdamadtlevmrkltpshivfngavgaltgehalqaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnntlmqavlapssi
>Rhizobium_sullae  coded_by=131..1264,organism=Rhizobium sullae,definition=copper containing nitrite reductase
mtntlqmtrrtmltgaavagaltpiltsgggnasptpvrklsateiaalprrkldlvkppfvhvhtqkaeggpkvvevtltieekklvidgkgtevnamtfdgsvpgplivvhqddyvevtlvnpetntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgesavlrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdghgkelvydkvyylgeqdfyiprdekgefkkydspgeayedtvavmrtltpthivfngavgaltgenaltaavgervlivhsqanrdtrphligghgeyvwrtgkfvnvpdrdqetwfipgptrgaayytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgdwnddlmttvrspsgs
>Trichophyton_verrucosum_HKI_0517  coded_by=complement(27077..28387),organism=Trichophyton verrucosum HKI 0517,definition=hypothetical protein
mkqlclpfrvplgritlraklstlptagcysvipkkpvslplqrvstytskssrvseanhtplailvgiattiavgsvvvsrnrkeksreiftiksntgvdlfaetsadysklpketavftaaphvpppitrdypvllqvplttstkttqlsnqykyeqwtfngtvpgpfirarvgdvveltltnhdvtgnphnidchaftgpgggaalttaeekesktglfkllhpglyvyhyaaapvpvhiangmygliyvqpedgdlppvdreyyvmqsefyheppevlengrrsstvefsypnaleenpslvvfngsesaltrdqplkaksgetvriffgnagpnltsafhvigttfsklyrdgdvvsppanwvpttsvppggstivdlklvvpgtytlvdhaifrldkgavgylnvsgkqrpdvyqstlppapcvgcklhp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>594,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirK
capggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkgnalkydkvyyigeqdmyvprdakgnfkshespgeafteteevmnklipthvvfngkvgaltgknaltakvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfgnapeigletwfirggsagaalykfqqpgiyayvthnlieaanlgatahfkvegkwnddlm
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured organism,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
capggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkgnalkydkvyyigeqdmyvprdakgnfkshespgeafteteevmnklipthvvfngkvgaltgknaltakvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfgnapeigletwfirggsagaalykfqqpgiyayvthnlieaanlgatahfkvegkwnddlm
>Haloferax_mediterranei_ATCC_33500  coded_by=1..1080,organism=Haloferax mediterranei ATCC 33500,definition=copper containing nitrite reductase
mlsttrrrtlqllglggvaslagcaseaptaaqsldqteeptpaqqespkiveqvaanptdipdpitrseptevdvtprpeevtaeveegvtftymtyngqvpgpfirvrqgdtvnltfenpeensmphnvdfhavagpgggaeatmtnpgetvkirfkatypgayiyhcavpnmdmhisagmfglilveppeglpevdkevyigqhelytdkkagkkgkhnfdfeamrneeptyvvmngekyawtdagrgpaatvntgetvrvffvdggpnlsssfhpigsvwetlypdgslstdpqthiqtrlvppgsttvatmsspvpgdfklvdhslsrvtrkgcmaviraegpedpeifdpnpe
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=complement(76026..77390),organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=putative Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
masaegfnpwsffirllrkspfyrfthhtkfrpqgkrsrtawgrrignfpavtvkshhpfsssgtdselcplprcddgpclasilgwldqapslmslrqknpmptsrllfhyilsllalalfffafhlsaepsatseqtipdisrdpsdlpglqgkrppklvkvtlhaievegrladgasfpywtfngkvpgpflrvrvgdtleihlandstsrmvhsvdfhaawgfsggaavtqtipgqekvftfralnpglylyhcgtpmvaqhiangmyglilvepvgglpkvdrefyiveaeiytsapmgshgpqtsditkilrsepeyfvfngsvgalsrhplrakvgekiriyfgnagpnfssnlhllgavlehvspdgsvlsplrentcslfipaggagfveftpkvsgryplmdhffarmekglggelivegpsdpvvshegpqtptgrttqtpsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=19337..20338,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=multicopper oxidase-domain containing protein
mafgfaapalvpairavaqdshghaeatpatatgesdnhaghtespvpaasvqpfqrydpylapakphrkkfaidvqdvtveiapgvpfagwsydgtipgrtfrvvegdrvditlridptanahhsidihaartppdvdfvtinpgeqftwnfraerpgaylyhcgtletlmhtgagmygafivdpkegwspaqelilvqsdftladgangvkvpdmnrmigardvdyvvfnghatqyvdepiqvkvgepirifvvnagpnvwssfhvvgaifdrvlvnaspknqlfdlqsvsigpgestcveftldepgvysavnhafghaalgavalieat
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_31A  coded_by=complement(1939798..1941186),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae 31A,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksatldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspvsspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgewvrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Bacillus_smithii_7_3_47FAA  coded_by=complement(21489..23042),organism=Bacillus smithii 7_3_47FAA,definition=hypothetical protein
mkklgfimilsilvviavacsnandkanshdtsnmdskstensdhsqmsgsqkdysnlpmttatkelagnnititakeavnsfdskhkfpvwtfngsvpgpiiklkqgqtvnitlknelpqpvtihwhglpvpnsqdgvpgvtmnsvqpghsftyhftatvpgtywyhshqdsvnqidkglygaiiveganeekvdkdytlmldewnssgitmdemksgknhtdmngdnmgtydlytingksgdsipplkvrkgdkvrirlinagyithnihlhghafkvvatdgnpihnpqllknklipvapgerydieftadhpgtwyidshdhnkadknmvakivyegsnrhtdkpdyktslpqlditkygekgpsrftlnqkydvnytmdlgvkvdkkgtthytingkyypktdpiyvnkgdlvkitlrnistvdhpmhlhghsfqvlskngkpltgsplikdtlnvkpgevyviafqannpgdwmyhchelhhaaagmmidvkyrgfkpsfkvdpnadnhpe
>Neisseria_lactamica_Y92-1009  coded_by=complement(21997..23169),organism=Neisseria lactamica Y92-1009,definition=Neisseria lactamica Y92-1009 whole genome shotgun sequence, contig 23
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaasftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Candidatus_Nitrosoarchaeum_limnia_SFB1  coded_by=complement(1374..2786),organism=Candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum limnia SFB1,definition=NirK, nitrite reductase multicopper oxidase
mnkrlsmlftitavavmgatlfgstytqtqigaqsldaskmdvnvleqihqmgglqlvmpeafavtdcgaladsgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsasnfesvnpgqtsqycyiaqsagtfkyhcsgvhligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpidgynklmvektsvnngkvsldrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdanknifvaqpwnglelkqyqsqllfvennqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfdepgayaavnhdyaaiytgaatvfvagdpfglnprlvnagvipapvpsyayalgnpsdavppmgmnsiahpavnvhglytddvasakiasgaiplwevvptlppip
>Rhodanobacter_sp._115  coded_by=14402..15808,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 115,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase (NO-forming), anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
mpahaasinqahagktnhvagdfgppqgapieeglvdppnvpapihrnyparvivrleakevvreiadgvrygfwtfngsvpgpmirvrqgdtvelhlrndpgshmahnidlhavmgpgggasstltppghesvftfkalrsgvfvyhcatppvpmhiangmygmivveppqglpkadheyyvmqgdfyttgayhepglqsfdmqkllaeqptyvlfngregslvgdhalkskvgdtvrlfvgdggpnlvssfhviggifdsanveggtlvnhnvqttlvpaggatmvelstpvpgtlllvdhsitrafmqgalgqisvsgpvqpaiyhkgpstvfatkpltatpgkadtdadaidrvasgkrvfhqicaachqanamglpgafpplatsdylnadpkraigivlhglsgkitvnstgyasmmpaqgsnlsdeevanvltyvlnnfnnkggeitpaevkvaraagpsk
>Imtechella_halotolerans_K1  coded_by=complement(69707..71278),organism=Imtechella halotolerans K1,definition=nitrite reductase
mtiimykrpasllylsilkitqilkhqnmshflknflpvlvllvlmvscqkkeketkkqeaskdyasyvttgdltaeltapphvpkpvgnrdakkltvemeikeeegemtdgvrymywtfggsvpgsfirtrvgdeveftlsnhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggatsslvapghsktfnfkcinpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdreyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqgmqpfdmnkavdehadyvvfngkvgaltgdgsltakvgetvrifmgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvhieggdlinenvqttlvpaggaaivefkvdvpgtfilvdhsifrafnkgalgmlkvegkenakvysgttqegiyqpeggtiqemptsgkkeeeninkslaqqitdgknlysrtcfachqsegqgipgafpplakadylnanvnraistvlhglsgeitvngskynsvmtsqnltdqeiadvltyvynswgnnktrvtaemvkterakpapkhkdihe
>Corynebacterium_tuberculostearicum_SK141  coded_by=139248..140615,organism=Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum SK141,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mlsvsssqpadkpapkdsswaswlligialaavialavvnstgkgtesaapvssgetqtidvgvdgmaftpssidiepgthlvvnftnsgdqvhdlkigdaetgrvdpgetvqldagvidsseegyctiaghkmqgmtfqvnvgdgaaaghdhavssasnphvnvptaaelgaqrddfsafdatlqpaaetkthketwtmteevvevapgikqmrwlfngqapgptlrgkvgdkfeitiknegsmahsidfhagevnpdktmksiqpgeeltykftanrsgiwmyhcstmpmslhiangmagnviidppdlkpvdaeynfmatdvflgeestgadaqrvadgrfdlmafnyypgqydaepikakvgdtvrlwltnlgpdqplsfhvvgeqfdtaykegayliknedstgsqaldllpaqggfvemtfnepgtysfvnhimtnaekgqhgkfivte
>Myceliophthora_thermophila_ATCC_42464  coded_by=join(2700283..2700447,2700519..2701607),organism=Myceliophthora thermophila ATCC 42464,definition=hypothetical protein
mlgrqriavsvvlasaagafapfllfpkmlrldsqpdsrpdkpvasespgsskklvfispspaleghetgsdldfyetldqdyseaiahlpveeailttaphvpppitrdypvllrvsltaytkliqltnryqyeqwtfngtvpapfirarvgdvvdltltnrdatgnphnidchaftgpgggsalttaeegetkaarfrllrpgiylyhcaaapvpvhiangmyglmyvqpavpgggeglphadreyyvmqsefyheppevgddgrpsrtvefsypnglaeepavvvfngresaatrdaalrartgenvrlffgnagpnltsslhvigscyrrayrdgdvlgpparfvstvsvppggatildmkmvvpgtytlvdhaifrldkgavgflnvsgkprpdiygsqeppapcvgcklhs
>Fusarium_oxysporum_Fo5176  coded_by=complement(join(63167..64231,64279..64704)),organism=Fusarium oxysporum Fo5176,definition=hypothetical protein
msrmmttcwtlvpvtsqllpiastaaastafirnlslparrapvigarsfssntrcnsrvsnlrltpalavstglalsyylyqrspqpvklglapekpekpkcahcvdekpeviqekavgccedeqtttyhekplsccvdneasitmvptiggdhkhkifetvddetllisklpkedailttapnvppsitrdhpalvrvplvtttklaqltsqykyeqwtfngtvpgpfirakvgdvvelsltnkdpagnphnidchaftgpgggaavttaeegetkvgrfkllypglyvyhcaaapvpvhiangmyglmyvqpegndlppvdkeyyvmqsefyheppevdddgrrseivefsypnglreepqvvafngsesaltrdhplkahvgddvriffgnagpnltssfhiigthfknvyrdggvtsnpskgiqtisvpcggstivdlkmavpgtytlvdhsifrldkgavgflnvsgpqnpgvyqssqpprpcvgcklhs
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1011,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
tqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1013,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
tqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_576  coded_by=135916..137523,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 576,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(6153..7760),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_576  coded_by=complement(1689147..1690754),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 576,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_180_str._F0310  coded_by=complement(73284..74771),organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 180 str. F0310,definition=conserved hypothetical protein
madltlssspsprgdapkessarptlkarvspagdhapvnrtagaivgvvsvvalalavflsspsattaqegatvpgassvtatghttrvavgvegmsftpnhievpigdrlivdftnsgdqrhdlvfesgvtsgslatgetkeldlgivsgdmegwcslpghrqagmtihvqavgasspgssstpapsthshdhghgassgpaspteltdyaatidardpvlppatneterhytftvteqtarvtdsltretwtfngdapgpilrghvgdtfhitlvnngtmshsldfhaglvapdnvmrsiepgqsldytfvaknagiwlyhcstapmsmhiangmfgaviidptdldgvdreyvmiaselylggdgqsadasllsalqpnamafngvpfqykahpievktgervrvwvmdagpnlattfhvvgtqfdtvwregayvirgggsgggwgqvlalgaaeggfveftpveaghysfvnhalslaekgqvgvfevsd
>Polaromonas_naphthalenivorans_CJ2  coded_by=complement(1417235..1418635),organism=Polaromonas naphthalenivorans CJ2,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mkagfirkavaaavigvvglasshaatphdqhdtgvkyrpdvtftlrtdiadgklvfigeagaikgkvnpqlavaegaivqinlvngdgathdisvpdfkassnqlntkgasttivfkadkkgefkyicslpghvqagmigqilvgegaakakalgaevsrspmetgqpvgargpqsltvnldttevlgqladgttykywtfnnkvpgpfirvrqgdtvtvnmanatdskmihsvdfhavtgpgggaavtqaapgssksftfkainpglyvyhcatpmvaqhisngmygmilvepegglpkvdrefyvmqgelytaqahgtlgenefslekllkeqpehmmfngtmdaltkthrmeakvgetvriffgvggpnatssfhvigevfdrvfsqadltsppirnvqtisvppggasmvefkvevpgryilvdhalsrlekglagflyvtgpenpavfhtaekmdpnsgh
>Bdellovibrio_bacteriovorus  coded_by=complement(1916684..1918099),organism=Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus,definition=membrane protein
mkdwnykrllltgaiaclapmpvladnikgeevavltdapevpppitrkhatkvivnletkevklrladgvdytfwtfggkvpgkfiriregdqvefhlhnhpssklphnidlhavtgqgggaegsftapghsstfsfkalnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdrefyvlqsefytkgkygapglqpfsmtkaveekadyvvfngsvgslvgdnamkaktgekvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklvnenvqttlipaggsaivefkldttgtfilvdhsifrafnkgaigmlkvegkedhevysgktkdgiylpeggviqeigaeapkqipaktleerlsggkriyesscfachqsngqglpgafpplaksdflknkdkaisavihglegpikvngkeynsvmpaqilsdedaanvltyiysmwgnskkvvtpadvkavraagkk
>Bdellovibrio_bacteriovorus  coded_by=complement(2445539..2446954),organism=Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus,definition=membrane protein
mkdwnykrllltgaiaclapmpvladnikgeevavltdapevpppitrkhatkvivnletkevklrladgvdytfwtfggkvpgkfiriregdqvefhlhnhpssklphnidlhavtgqgggaegsftapghsstfsfkalnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdrefyvlqsefytkgkygapglqpfsmtkaveekadyvvfngsvgslvgdnamkaktgekvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklvnenvqttlipaggsaivefkldttgtfilvdhsifrafnkgaigmlkvegkedhevysgktkdgiylpeggviqeigaeapkqipaktleerlsggkriyesscfachqsngqglpgafpplaksdflknkdkaisavihglegpikvngkeynsvmpaqilsdedaanvltyiysmwgnskkvvtpadvkavraagkk
>Bdellovibrio_bacteriovorus_HD100  coded_by=complement(90353..91768),organism=Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus HD100,definition=major anaerobically induced transmembrane protein
mkdwnykrllltgaiaclapmpvladnikgeevavltdapevpppitrkhatkvivnletkevklrladgvdytfwtfggkvpgkfiriregdqvefhlhnhpssklphnidlhavtgqgggaegsftapghsstfsfkalnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdrefyvlqsefytkgkygapglqpfsmtkaveekadyvvfngsvgslvgdnamkaktgekvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklvnenvqttlipaggsaivefkldttgtfilvdhsifrafnkgaigmlkvegkedhevysgktkdgiylpeggviqeigaeapkqipaktleerlsggkriyesscfachqsngqglpgafpplaksdflknkdkaisavihglegpikvngkeynsvmpaqilsdedaanvltyiysmwgnskkvvtpadvkavraagkk
>Caldalkalibacillus_thermarum_TA2.A1  coded_by=16506..17927,organism=Caldalkalibacillus thermarum TA2.A1,definition=blue (type 1) copper domain protein
mqpmndkqngcigceglpptsyvqqdmepdkkftltltegdvylgkgvlysgftiddkipgptlivrqneiveievvntgkiphgmsihaaytqtskyvgqigagetksvkfkatypgvymyhcapgghaipmhtlfgqygmlvvlpddgyelekrgekpdvelyliqhemyktgkdaitgdplyvlfngqlfryvedpikvrpgdkvriyflnvgpniistlhivgvvwdhvywqghpdnvfvggqtvlagpsdswvidfripedegnyllvthafgsatrgaigvfsasydheevdnviladgptyteeeltefrelaeriispyeptdidepyiitpeqqkatveiignsfypkvlkvpvgtevewinediftyaegefagihdvavtsgpemfaspllghgekfsytftevgeyeyicvphpymkgkvivydpaensssqqsgfniwyalplavvgmivlpiiirkfrn
>Haemophilus_paraphrohaemolyticus_HK411  coded_by=34039..35124,organism=Haemophilus paraphrohaemolyticus HK411,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkkttlammlafnftlpnvqavenqqqnansifvpmaqlptveaelafapnvpkpierttpakvvvklealekvmeiesgvkfkywtfngttpapfirvregdmvevqlsnpvngkmphsldfhsaaapeggalasqtapgksttfafraaapglylyhcgtmpvgihigkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefyimqnefyvkegnnpelkvfdmakaeyelpdyvvfngkvgaltdenalkakvgdkvrffvgnagpnkissfhligrtfdtvyveggtlqnhhvqttlipsggttmvemqmnvpgkytfvdhsifraekgakgniivegepnkelytgklkeekyekqnpnadvdagfvh
>uncultured_crenarchaeote  coded_by=21352..22965,organism=uncultured crenarchaeote,definition=putative copper-containing nitrite reductase
mnrslllassliasfllassiafvpyfsannvvraqetenqgevkhitliasekqvqvapdnalhpggimynamvfngtipgpvisidqgdtlnitlknegqtihsldfhagfgpgkalsgsvepgqsktwsltgefpgvflyhcgadglngvwehisngmyggivvhptneepakefymvfseiynsadkgpfvgtngtagsfdigkfisnnpdlvltngmshkyvpavgevnklelnkdaeifkvkpgeltrwyivnpgpndgvsfhfisgmlsvrdgsntanngfgtqdindetwwippgsgsviestfpqegvyvgvdhamsdvvkggafavlavenstatdhpegtcvsakgegivctaaeaetqaegaagenqtatdengneaedegannnengneaedgdsevtqnatmlnttggnttangtmmagnsttasasgseidisagssapsnakfyepptltvptgttvtwkntdstlhtvtsgsaesgvsgtefdssymaggktfqhtfssagtfdyyctlhpfmkgqvvvn
>Solitalea_canadensis_DSM_3403  coded_by=511547..512977,organism=Solitalea canadensis DSM 3403,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mkikrlsilvfsvlsgllmtecqnsgtkgttnetskiegqevavltdapnvpppitrkhatkvivnleviekemelmdgvkynfwtfggsvpgkfirvrqgdliefhlknnpnnklphnidlhavsgqgggagatftapghetqfsftalnpglfiyhcatapvgmhigngmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvcqgefyvngkygeaglqqfdmekaikeeadyvvfngkvgaltgdkalkanvgdrirlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdnvyveggstlnhnvqttlipaggsaitefkcdvpanlilvdhsifrtfnkgslgmikvegaenkniysgqqddriyqpegapqampdepavaakplskaekleqgkaiyastcqachqadgkgiekafpplaasdffaadpsllyktivqgrsgkikvngkeydgvmpkqilsdaqvasvatyilnnfgnkggevspsdvakark
>Solitalea_canadensis_DSM_3403  coded_by=3410180..3411610,organism=Solitalea canadensis DSM 3403,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkikrlsilvfsvlsgllmtecqnsgtkgttnetskiegqevavltdapnvpppitrkhatkvivnleviekemelmdgvkynfwtfggsvpgkfirvrqgdliefhlknnpnnklphnidlhavsgqgggagatftapghetqfsftalnpglfiyhcatapvgmhigngmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvcqgefyvngkygeaglqqfdmekaikeeadyvvfngkvgaltgdkalkanvgdrirlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdnvyveggstlnhnvqttlipaggsaitefkcdvpanlilvdhsifrtfnkgslgmikvegaenkniysgqqddriyqpegapqampdepavaakplskaekleqgkaiyastcqachqadgkgiekafpplaasdffaadpsllyktivqgrsgkikvngkeydgvmpkqilsdaqvasvatyilnnfgnkggevspsdvakark
>Pasteurella_bettyae_CCUG_2042  coded_by=70695..71786,organism=Pasteurella bettyae CCUG 2042,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkktflalllsstlvfsntllaeensnkisakttalsaelpivnaeltfapnvpkpitrktlarvvvnltalekvdeiatgvktkfwtfnggvpgpfirvregdqvevhlsnsanarmphaldfhssaapeggaqasltnpgetttfafkaltpglylyhcgadpvalhigkgmyglmlvepkdglspvdkefyimqselylsegknkqdiyifdmnkaeyelpdyvvfngkvnsmmgdnalktktgekirlylgnagpnkissfhvigknfdtvyveggslqnhhvqtalipsgsalmaelkidvpgqypfidhsifralkgakgmfvvegpenpevfqgkiktekytetnkdadvdtgysh
>Fusarium_oxysporum  coded_by=join(54..479,527..1591),organism=Fusarium oxysporum,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
msrmvticwtlapatsqllpiasraaastafirnlslptrrapvigarsfssntrsnsrvshprltpalavstglalsyylyqrgpqpvklglapekpekpkcahcvdekpeviqekavgccedeqtttyqekplsccvddeasiamvpaiggdhkhkifetvddetllisklpkedailttapnvppsitrdhpalvrvplvtttklaqltsqykyeqwtfngtvpgpfirakvgdvvelsltnkdpagnphnidchaftgpgggaavttaeegetkvgrfkllypglyvyhcaaapvpvhiangmyglmyvqpegndlppvdkeyyvmqsefyheppevdddgrrseivefsypnglreepqvvafngsesaltrdhplkahvgddvriffgnagpnltssfhiigthfknvyrdggvtsnpskgiqtvsvpcggstivdlkmavpgtytlvdhsifrldkgavgflnvsgpqnpgvyqssqpprpcvgcklhs
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmsltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaiidpidgykklmvektsvsngqvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwngiehkqyqsqllfvengqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsgatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldmnkmdvsvmdqikqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalessgrtvvefnltgesvelpimggktynamtfsgtvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtlvipadevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdvkknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfienqgnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldmnkmdvsvmdqikqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalessgrtvvefnltgesvelpimggktynamtfsgtvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtlvipadevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdvkknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfienqgnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Neisseria_sp._GT4A_CT1  coded_by=complement(53757..54947),organism=Neisseria sp. GT4A_CT1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqalaaiiasvfalaacgeqaaqkpaeqtasasapaaseasasgaqaaaetpaaelpvidavtthapevppaidrdhparvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfngdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeasftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveagklinenvqstlipaggaaivefkadipgsytvvdhslfrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtkkledkayagsgaasapaasapaasaaapasaasagk
>Haloarcula_marismortui_ATCC_43049  coded_by=complement(2531326..2532411),organism=Haloarcula marismortui ATCC 43049,definition=nitrite reductase copper containing protein
mstiptatrrrvlealgvgtaalagcasapgakeqateaettpqepamnaaqqtdvdriaadptaipdpidrsepktvsvemttkeqvaeiepgvtytymtfgdqipgpmirvrrgdtveltitneegnsmphnidlhavrgpgggaeasmvtpgqtktfrfkatypgafiyhcavpnldmhissgmfgmilvepkeglpevdhefyfgqhelyttgdtgekghhdfdmeamaaeeptyvlmngekyaitpdrhgspsmqvgetarvyfvtggpnldssfhpigsvwdevwqqgsiagppnryvqttpvkpgscaiatlhaevpgpiklvdhalsrvarkgtmaiinregaanpdvfepea
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydanalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldinkmdvdvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalgksgrtvvefnltgesvelpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmsasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenhgnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_GMI1000  coded_by=complement(1884433..1885965),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum GMI1000,definition=probable major anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
meqtthtdqrekkmsclqavrrlmraglisvtlgvlltsaaaqaaklpgdfgpprgepiravltsppnvpppihrnypakviveleviekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegvyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkamhaktgetvrifvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdqvryeggtnvqknvqttlipaggaavvkftarvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkidgpedkplysgkeldavylgdragpnlsavtraaqasasgtlsmqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqsngtglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkravsivlhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnpggrvsaedvktiraqpapakavaeh
>Actinoplanes_missouriensis_431  coded_by=6797642..6799024,organism=Actinoplanes missouriensis 431,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
mpdtpaparplahlgglatglalvlvavlvgaaaqrltgagpapvsavagvtatghtttvavtaegmrfhpgsitvpagdrlvieltnrdsrrhdlvlgtgartdtigpdatarldagiigttvdgwcslpghrqagmvltitttgpastaagvtrdgdgdgdgdehaghtpsidamatpaagftardatapvsptgrvhrldlhvqevqrevapgvrqqlwtfggtapgpvlrgrigdtfeitlindgsldhgidfhagalapdqpmrpinpgerlvyrftatkagiwmyhcstmpmlhhigngmygaviidppglapvdreyvlvqselylgadsqpgdlatmqaeqpdavvfngyvaqyahrplparagdrirfwvlnagpnrtsafhvvggqfdtvyregrwqlrpgdaggaqvldlvpaaggfvetvlpeagdypfvshvmvdaergargvvavr
>Herpetosiphon_aurantiacus_DSM_785  coded_by=1504127..1505518,organism=Herpetosiphon aurantiacus DSM 785,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mnrrsfimvvifslllasiaacsdqatrtsslaptasakpesqvvsqqasqptsqevleihsfdmgfkpqnltvpspgvytiklvndgviphditfpdgtvisakanetvtgevtipaegmnficavpgheaagmkgsiqvasadaaavtptmmddhsgpapesdiaadesapeyilhdakapaalegtlhdielvveekpmtvapgyvqhvwtfggtvpgpvirvkvgdtvrihlknpssnkvphsidfhssevawndemtsinvgedkmyewkanyagvwmyhcgttpalhhiangmygmvivepkeglpavdhefalvqsewylgpqgdlvslekaasaapapeyvvfngvanqykdhplevktgasvrvfvlnagpsidssfhvvgtifntvikegvqlrpetangygsqavdlapaqgaivefttaedglypivthafnfvgrgalglfqagdgdpkn
>Roseobacter_sp._SK209-2-6  coded_by=65899..67116,organism=Roseobacter sp. SK209-2-6,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mtklinpglmktsrrnvlrgsvlagaaavagagamatpsrklmvksnaasanlykaaaeqkaatnaipadlsgytrvkqelvappfapeheqvatggpkiieitmetqerlmvvdedtgaevwaltyngsvpgpliichegdmveltlrnpedsqmehnidfhsstgalgggglthvfpaeetvlrwkatkagcftyhcapggamipyhvthgmngaimvlpreglkdkdgnlltydkiayigeqdyylpmdengdykkyetagedyadslevmrglipthsvfngavgaltgenalkfavgetvlmihnqanrdsrphligghgdyvwessftddpmtsmetwfvrggcavaamytfhqpgvyayvnhnliegvmlgatahfivdgqwdnnlmeqvvaprefat
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_CMR15  coded_by=complement(1765335..1766828),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum CMR15,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase (NO-forming), anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
msclqavrrlmraglisvtlgvlltgvtaraaklpgdfgpprgepiravltsppnvpppihrnypakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegvyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgsqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkamhaktgetvrifvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdqvryeggtnvqknvqttlipsggaavvkftarvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkidgqedkpvysgkeldavylgdragpnlsavtraaqasasgtlsmqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqgngtglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkravsivlhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnpggrvsaddvktiraqpapakavaeh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldtskmdvnvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafavtdcgalaetgrkvvefnvtgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipanevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgesktycyiaesagifkyhcsgvhligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpingykklavektavsngkvsidrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdanknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_bacterium_1114  coded_by=complement(31770..32924),organism=uncultured bacterium 1114,definition=putative nitrite reductase copper-containing NirK
mtrlkhaaltaalgmlvfggpvlapvfpapalaadpalprhkvemlappfvhaheqatkakpaikefkltieekpvvidnqgttfqamtfngtmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpetnamphnidfhaatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapegamipwhvvsgmhgavmvlprdglkdsagkplvydrayyvgefdlyvpkdeagkfknydshgesyadtvevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgknamtakvgervlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdhvwetgkfanrpevdletwfvrggsagaalytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieavelgatahfkvegtwdddlmkqvqpptpikatpklqgalpaahvhr
>Neisseria_mucosa_C102  coded_by=complement(174558..175724),organism=Neisseria mucosa C102,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpattasaeapaasdsqaaaetpsselpvvdaimthapevppaidrdhpakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyhywtfngdvpgqmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstvipaggaamiefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegdenpeimtkklsdtayqpagaaasapaaasaapaaseaak
>Corynebacterium_efficiens_YS-314  coded_by=complement(297191..298627),organism=Corynebacterium efficiens YS-314,definition=putative major outer membrane protein
msipigpaggagsnpapkkplggdngvewaswvlvglaiatvvmlailassgfgstgqtttqastssgqtvtdgdtvthqvdiegmlftpntveipagstlvleitnndsqnhdlalngintglippgetvtrdfgifnestagwctvaghkamgmtfdvtvtgttgaapaggtnpaavdvpgvgarsvdhegftpvnpvlapaptgtvheyswditeevrqvapgheqvvwlfdgqapgptlrgrlgdtfritlhnkgtmdhsidfhagevnpdtnmaqtpvgesltyefvanrygiwmyhcatapmslhiangmfgaviidppadsaeslsevdeeyllvasemflgeteigadaqrvndrdydltafnfypnqydlapiehkvgdtvrvwlmnvgpdqslsfhvvgevfdtvfsegrylirdagtrgtgsqavnvsvaqgafieltfnapgnyafvnhqmtdaekgqhgfftvtd
>Corynebacterium_efficiens_YS-314  coded_by=206..1642,organism=Corynebacterium efficiens YS-314,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
msipigpaggagsnpapkkplggdngvewaswvlvglaiatvvmlailassgfgstgqtttqastssgqtvtdgdtvthqvdiegmlftpntveipagstlvleitnndsqnhdlalngintglippgetvtrdfgifnestagwctvaghkamgmtfdvtvtgttgaapaggtnpaavdvpgvgarsvdhegftpvnpvlapaptgtvheyswditeevrqvapgheqvvwlfdgqapgptlrgrlgdtfritlhnkgtmdhsidfhagevnpdtnmaqtpvgesltyefvanrygiwmyhcatapmslhiangmfgaviidppadsaeslsevdeeyllvasemflgeteigadaqrvndrdydltafnfypnqydlapiehkvgdtvrvwlmnvgpdqslsfhvvgevfdtvfsegrylirdagtrgtgsqavnvsvaqgafieltfnapgnyafvnhqmtdaekgqhgfftvtd
>Corynebacterium_accolens_ATCC_49725  coded_by=293313..294698,organism=Corynebacterium accolens ATCC 49725,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mlsvsspqpqdkppesgnsqwaswlligialaavialalvnttskdsqpsssvaegethtidvevdgmafvpnhvdvdpgthlvvnftntgdqvhdlkigdaetgrvdpgdtvqldagvidssiegyctiaghrlqgmtfdvnvgdstsstgghdhhhhavagasnphvdvpsaaelgasregfkahdaslapaantttheetwsmteeivevapgvkqmqwlfngqapgptlrgkvgdkfkitiknegsmahsidfhagevspdenmksiqpgeeltyeftanragiwmyhcstapmslhiangmagnviidppdlkdvdaeynfiandvflgeektgadaqrvadgefdlmafnyypsqydvdpikakvgdtvrlwilnvgpdqplsfhvvgeqfdtaykegaylikdedktgsqafdllpaqggfvemtfnepgtysfvnhimtnaekgqhgkfvvte
>Haloarcula_marismortui  coded_by=364..1449,organism=Haloarcula marismortui,definition=copper-containing dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mstiptatrrrvlealgvgtaalagcasapgakeqateaettpqepamnaaqqtdvdriaadptaipdpidrsepktvsvemttkeqvaeiepgvtytymtfgdqipgpmirvrrgdtveltitneegnsmphnidlhavrgpgggaeasmvtpgqtktfrfkatypgafiyhcavpnldmhissgmfgmilvepkeglpevdhefyfgqhelyttgdtgekghhdfdmeamaaeeptyvlmngekyaitpdrhgspsmqvgetarvyfvtggpnldssfhpigsvwdevwqqgsiagppnryvqttpvkpgscaiatlhaevpgpiklvdhalsrvarkatmaiinregaanpdvfepea
>Thioalkalivibrio_sp._K90mix  coded_by=complement(1771806..1773266),organism=Thioalkalivibrio sp. K90mix,definition=blue (type 1) copper domain protein
mgrhdrgmhlvawcviglfwwvasaaqaspgpdfserfgdsdfieiierdegletrptgyvsqdiepdhvfridlnegqvpigqgvvydgflidgklpgptlrvtegdivrmeitnsgavmhgasfhaaytqtskhvgsimpgqtksitfrattpgvfmyhcapgghaipmhvmfgqygmmvvepreepyqleadlgqepdlklymlqhelyasgkeavegdpsytafngelfryvenpipvrpgdyvrmyflnvgpnllstfhivgivwdyvywqghpaamwpggqtvtagpsdswviefrippeegvytmldhgvggtsrgaiglldaradadtpseilaegpsyepaereermgearrilspfgipdsdanpvparadrpvrfgsdveevviemkgnafypkivevapgtkitwvnedvftyghgetsgahnavalsgpqsfatallahaesdsvtltepgtydyicaphpymqgriivrdtd
>Nitrobacter_winogradskyi_Nb-255  coded_by=complement(2880044..2881015),organism=Nitrobacter winogradskyi Nb-255,definition=multicopper oxidase
mkgrkismttvrlrngviagsvaavmmlagaaitaaqaktvkielvakevtvpldnqgntvaawtfngqvpgpiirategdtieftlkndaankkshsidmhsarsdvltdfasikpgetktfsyvpehpgvffyhcgsdpmiqhiargmfgvviidpkdpnampkadreyvliehqifenpedvdsmmankwkrnafnavpfqydpvhdehatqtleakpgervriymvnagpnefsgfhpiagiwdriypsgnpknvmvgmqnytlapgdaatfdlispkegayalvnhsmraaltggiailmisdkadpsmgrgdkilvr
>Salinisphaera_shabanensis_E1L3A  coded_by=complement(55283..56623),organism=Salinisphaera shabanensis E1L3A,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mlllgasvsvasatqtniadgvslkpdvsitlktgigeegmyfqgvggkidgrinpeikvpegavvqltlingdgamhdvaipdlhvksdgvvgrdsssvfvfraneagqfdyfctipghraagmegtlvigeteasdltgtlddisrdpadvpaaigdrdpktvsvamktvekqarladgtsyrywtfdgqvpgpllrvregdtvdltlsnaedstmihsvdfhavtgpgggaavlqvppgsekslsfkaikpglyvyhcatpmvahhiangmygmilvepegglppvdhefyvmqgeiyttqaygqhgeqsfdvrklldekpeyyvfngsvgaltdkhpltakvgetvriyfgvggpnatssfhvigemfdkayewggtssapaehiqtisvppggativdfelevpgkyvlvdhalsrmerglagflkvegedapeiynpggg
>Mesorhizobium_ciceri_biovar_biserrulae_WSM1271  coded_by=complement(1730..2836),organism=Mesorhizobium ciceri biovar biserrulae WSM1271,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mitrrealfgaaigaaavaalpafsapvtkadirglarekiklvappfvhphdqvakggpkiveftitieekplvidadgttlnamtyngsipgplmvvhqddyleltlinpdtnslahnidfhaatgalggggltlinpgeqvtlrfkatrtgtfvyhcapggamipwhvvsgmsgaimvlprdglrndkgeparydkifyigendfyiprdekgnfksyesagdgyddivkvmrglipthvlfngkvgsltgdnamkakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvweqgkfanppakdletwfirggsagsalytflqpgvyayvnhnlieavelgatahfmvegewdadlmtqveapkpiatn
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi_ATCC_49188  coded_by=1161529..1162605,organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi ATCC 49188,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mirlsrpsytavalaflavtgtsalasgshehpaengsvkaplnivrpandlaspitrsepatikvkldtvevtgqladgaayhywtfnkkvpgpfvrarvgdtilvelsnkadsserhsvdfhavtgpgggaaatdaapgetkafsfkalkpglyvyhcavpmaahhiangmyglilvepaddlppvdrefyvmqgelytsqpygskgkltesverllkedpeyyvfngaanaltgdnaltakvgetvriyfgvggpnktssfhvigeifdkvyqlgsltteplsdvqtitvppggaaavdiklevpgeytlvdhalsraarglvgtlvvsgenraklfqsampvtteveqgehkah
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_10_str._D13039  coded_by=14406..15485,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 10 str. D13039,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkkslialcftsffaaaplmaeqmkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeidkgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpelytgktkeqqydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=177444..178502,organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mqaigatgalavagclggdtqtdsgngdqsaaedeglaaakavdvdriardptdipdpvdwneprehdvtirtervtaeiepgvtfdymtfegqvpgpmlrvrrgdrvnltfdvpddlnvaahnmdfhavygpgggadattiapgddptqisftadyagvfiyhcaipnmdqhisagmfgsilvepedglpevdneyylgqheiytdgdlgeeghhgfdfdamlkeeptyvvfngqaygftpdggvpmeantgetarvyfanggpnllsswhaignvwsrfyrdgdlltdpdrnvetapvapgttaaaemefpvpgpvkivdhaltraarrgalgvvdvsgeptrdiydedp
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=complement(2306909..2307967),organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mqaigatgalavagclggdtqtdsgngdqsaaedeglaaakavdvdriardptdipdpvdwneprehdvtirtervtaeiepgvtfdymtfegqvpgpmlrvrrgdrvnltfdvpddlnvaahnmdfhavygpgggadattiapgddptqisftadyagvfiyhcaipnmdqhisagmfgsilvepedglpevdneyylgqheiytdgdlgeeghhgfdfdamlkeeptyvvfngqaygftpdggvpmeantgetarvyfanggpnllsswhaignvwsrfyrdgdlltdpdrnvetapvapgttaaaemefpvpgpvkivdhaltraarrgalgvvdvsgeptrdiydedp
>Capnocytophaga_gingivalis_ATCC_33624  coded_by=complement(181435..182868),organism=Capnocytophaga gingivalis ATCC 33624,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkkytkkltiflalsllvgacggsepektttpipttdisvegeavaaeltspphvpkpvgtrkamklkvdleiiekegeimdgtkylfwtfggtvpgsfirtrvgdeveftlknhqdnklphnidlhavtgpgggaeaslvapgqqrtfsfkclnpglyvyhcaqapvplhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytdgsygaggtqafnqdkalaekpdyvvfngkvgsltqdgaltanpgetvrlfvgnggpnmvssfhvigeifdrvhveggkltnenvqttlipaggaaivefkvdvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalgllvakgeenrkiygknepkpyvsdvtiavtpkedvivnktkeqqiadgkviytktcvachqaqgqglegafpplaksdflnadvdraidivlhgkqgevtvngkkynnvmtpqplsvqevadvltyvyntwdnskkvvtpemvqkikk
>Nitrosomonas_sp._AL212  coded_by=complement(2370683..2371783),organism=Nitrosomonas sp. AL212,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mikavqavvglgllcfgatqavaaapdlsklprvkqelvappnvpqhdqvskgpkivevrmetteklmevapgakvwgltfngsipgplivvhegdyveltlvnpkesslahnvdfhaatgalggagltlvqpgeevvlrwkavkpgvfvyhcapggtmipfhvisgmngaimvlpkdglkdaqgkpykydkafyigeqdfylpkddkgnfktygspaegmadmlevakglipthvvfngavgsitgdnalkakvgekvlfihsqanrdsrphligghadlywvggsfsdtpltsqetwwvpggaavaaayefkqpglyvylshnlieavllgaalhmnvegkwdddmmtqlkapksfskdaamdh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldasrldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaiidpidgykklmvektsvsngqvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwngiehkqyqsqllfvengqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsgatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Neisseria_meningitidis_98005  coded_by=14217..15389,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 98005,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97008  coded_by=14236..15408,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97008,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97027  coded_by=14950..16122,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97027,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_65012  coded_by=2752..3924,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 65012,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_96024  coded_by=complement(18488..19660),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 96024,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97018  coded_by=14213..15385,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97018,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_75689  coded_by=14202..15374,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 75689,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_94018  coded_by=14213..15385,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 94018,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_75643  coded_by=14215..15387,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 75643,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_63006  coded_by=127041..128213,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 63006,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_97020  coded_by=249151..250323,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 97020,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_65014  coded_by=complement(36149..37321),organism=Neisseria meningitidis 65014,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_96023  coded_by=121618..122790,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 96023,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_63049  coded_by=197387..198559,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 63049,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_63041  coded_by=125967..127139,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 63041,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_88050  coded_by=278191..279363,organism=Neisseria meningitidis 88050,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_WUE_2594  coded_by=1577845..1579017,organism=Neisseria meningitidis WUE 2594,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase (major outer-membrane protein Pan1)
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassatqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvdvmeqihamgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalessgrtvvefnlegysvelpimggktfnamtfngmvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtlsipdwevtghgndmhasqitagafesvnpgettqycyiaeaagtfkyhcsgvklvgmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfysadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvlgdtnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqlmfvendqhvrifvenqgneplffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_576  coded_by=39175..40737,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 576,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaliaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(32405..33967),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaliaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_576  coded_by=complement(1642343..1643905),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 576,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaliaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Shewanella_denitrificans_OS217  coded_by=complement(4167942..4169117),organism=Shewanella denitrificans OS217,definition=Nitrite reductase, copper containing
menktsttqstvneqrrnfisgsigaglvgagiaaglvsssaqgatgkkldrmanytadqlervkqvlvappmvpvheqvakgkpkvievrleveekqielengtkawvcafngsvpgplivchqhdyveltlvnpktnmlahnidlhsatgalgggeltlvspgetvtfrfkatkvgtfvyhcapggvmipwhvvmgmngaimvlpreglsdgegnrltydkayyigeqdfyiakddqgkykaydtvmgsmndtlevmktltpshvvfngavgaltgknsmtaklgesvlfihsqanrdtrphiigghgdyvwntgsfsdrpardletwhiaggcagaalytflqpglyayvnhnlieaimkgaaahikvegewnddlmtqvskpspika
>Fusarium_lichenicola  coded_by=join(47..433,494..1558),organism=Fusarium lichenicola,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mtrlvttcwnlapaasqlcsmgsraavstalratlsrqarrapalgvrsftskprinnganyarlvpvvaastglalgyylyqrgpapvrmdlsppkchncadenspkeetggdccsmegkgldccskegsismvpaiggdpnvqvfepitengvqladlpvenailttapnvppaitrdhpalvkvplvtttklaqltsqykyeqwtfngtvpgpfirakvgdvvelsltnkdtagnphnidchaftgpgggaavttaeenetktarfkllypglyvyhcaaapvpvhiangmyglmyvqpegedlppvdkeyyvmqsefyheppevdddgrrseivefsypnglreepqvvafngsesaltrdrplkanvgdnvriffgnagpnltssfhiigthfknvyqdggvinppsqgiqtvsvpsggstivdlkmavpgtytlvdhaifrldkgavgflnvsgppnpavyqspqpprpcvgcklha
>Oceanimonas_sp._GK1  coded_by=2755453..2756874,organism=Oceanimonas sp. GK1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkpcklvaaisfalafsaqasslpveeavltspplvpppitrdhaakvvvkmetvekvmeiadgveymfwtfggsvpgqflrvregdeiefhlsnhpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggaaasftapghtsvfnfkalnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglppvdreyyvmqgdfytkgaygeqglqsfdmdkaireqadyvvfngavgalngdkaltanvgetvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvnveggtainenvqttlvpaggaamaefrldvpgnfimvdhsifrafnkgalgmmqvsgpedhivysgkvadnvylpegsavqvmpnghpkvtaknkeermmygkrvyeancqachqnegqgipgafppvagsdflnenptravdvvlhglkgpikvngqafdsimpamrlsdedvanvltyvlnswdndggditpeqvaerreegkpivmegsah
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidans_TNO-09.020  coded_by=complement(11957..13546),organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidans TNO-09.020,definition=multicopper oxidase
mkkllfgtilagvvaigaacsnnasqssmqghdmsnmstkeektsktsevneqlplatstqvlsskeinltakeallqindkvkfpvytyngsvpgaqirikqgdrvkiyfknelpepttihwhgypvpnsqdgvpgvtmdaikpgetftyeftatvpgtyfyhshqesakqvdkglygtlivepkneekvdrdytlvldewmsnpdegnmdmngmdhsnmghgnssdnqhmdmssmghdmsmydiftingksgsavkplkvkkgekvrlrlinagymshklhlhghefkivatdgqllkdpqpikdellniapgerydiefiannpgewllechgdmegtdgmkvkiqyegqtnntdkanakedlpivdmtkygkhelgqftldqkydveytmdlgtamgkdgmiftingkaypetapvnvkkgdlvkvklvnnspkdlhpmhlhghffqvlskngkpitgsplikdtlnlkpgeeyvvafkadnpgnwmfhchdlhhasagmvtevkykdyksdytpdpnditnkge
>Rhodanobacter_denitrificans  coded_by=1..>1617,organism=Rhodanobacter denitrificans,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
msvpdsgkpapstwpavagtalrvafgliwavsaaltwtadfanhyvgylhnaatgqpawsawwfelwiglvtphvgffvwatriaetllalalllgfarkityvvgilfslliwstaegfggpysvgannigaaisyvlifaalivinlrsgpspysldylierrwpswrrladwndtlpltevhplpwrvqgpalagvlilvalllaglhsalnvksaspqaaaaavtplslassqpigkardarlpplqeggsvavdiavsdqsveiasgvqyqawtfgksvpgpvihvrqgqtvnvkltnhgtmqhsidfhsaitppslhyvdimpgesiafsfvakvpgaflyhcgtppvllhigngmygaiivdpatplppaaesyvlvqgewytqqvsgklmagnyekmqqmrpdevvfngaafqyrdhpltakpgdlvrlyvvnagpslwssfhvigaifdkvypggnpaqaidgvstwsvgpgegavfdlkldeaghypfvdhamahmqlgaqgvllvgspdeaakppvskapvaatpat
>Agrobacterium_tumefaciens_CCNWGS0286  coded_by=complement(325493..326635),organism=Agrobacterium tumefaciens CCNWGS0286,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mtetfhitrrnilagaafagavapmvipsaasaaeekkaaakpltsaeiaalprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkiveftltikeqkmvlddkgtevhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtnelqhnidfhsatgalggggltivnpgekailrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdghgkelvydkvyyvgeqdfyiprdengnfkkyesagdamadtlevmrkltpshivfngavgaltgehalqaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnnslmqavlapssi
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=913046..914176,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=nitrite reductase
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagavtpligavsahaeeavaktahinvaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkivideqgtelhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdttvlrfkaskagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgkgnsitydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdangkfkkyesvgeayadtlevmrtltpshivfngavgaltgdsalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnapdvdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfavtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti  coded_by=complement(4541..5671),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagavtpligavsahaeeavaktahinvaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkivideqgtelhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdttvlrfkaskagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgkgnsitydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdangkfkkyesvgeayadtlevmrtltpshivfngavgaltgdsalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnapdvdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfavtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_1021  coded_by=complement(683749..684879),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 1021,definition=NirK nitrite reductase
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagavtpligavsahaeeavaktahinvaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkivideqgtelhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdttvlrfkaskagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgkgnsitydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdangkfkkyesvgeayadtlevmrtltpshivfngavgaltgdsalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnapdvdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfavtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_2011  coded_by=complement(683416..684546),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti 2011,definition=NirK nitrite reductase
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagavtpligavsahaeeavaktahinvaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkivideqgtelhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdttvlrfkaskagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgkgnsitydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdangkfkkyesvgeayadtlevmrtltpshivfngavgaltgdsalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnapdvdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfavtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_GR4  coded_by=719342..720472,organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti GR4,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagavtpligavsahaeeavaktahinvaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkivideqgtelhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdttvlrfkaskagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgkgnsitydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdangkfkkyesvgeayadtlevmrtltpshivfngavgaltgdsalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnapdvdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfavtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Sinorhizobium_meliloti_BL225C  coded_by=complement(1096945..1098075),organism=Sinorhizobium meliloti BL225C,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagavtpligavsahaeeavaktahinvaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkivideqgtelhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdttvlrfkaskagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgkgnsitydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdangkfkkyesvgeayadtlevmrtltpshivfngavgaltgdsalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnapdvdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfavtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Nitrosococcus_oceani  coded_by=1..1119,organism=Nitrosococcus oceani,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkklikyfafylatfssvlyadgeassyianigthanlkdlervrqelvapphlpdhqqaysgkpriveiemvieekeveiepnvfvqamtfngtnpgpiivvhegdyveltlknldtnmllhnidfhpatgalgggaltkvapgqqvtlrfkadkagtyvyhcapgglmtpyhvvsgmygaimifpkkglrdqngkkvtydkayyvgeqgwyipkdkngkykryanaiepygdtlevmrglvpthvtyngskgaltgdnamkakvgdsvlfihsqanedsrihligghgdlvwpggsfkntpmvdketwhvnggesvaalytfkqpglyaylnhnliqafmlggaahvkvdgewnndlmeqvvkpspinad
>Nitrosococcus_oceani_ATCC_19707  coded_by=91778..92896,organism=Nitrosococcus oceani ATCC 19707,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mkklikyfafylatfssvlyadgeassyianigthanlkdlervrqelvapphlpdhqqaysgkpriveiemvieekeveiepnvfvqamtfngtnpgpiivvhegdyveltlknldtnmllhnidfhpatgalgggaltkvapgqqvtlrfkadkagtyvyhcapgglmtpyhvvsgmygaimifpkkglrdqngkkvtydkayyvgeqgwyipkdkngkykryanaiepygdtlevmrglvpthvtyngskgaltgdnamkakvgdsvlfihsqanedsrihligghgdlvwpggsfkntpmvdketwhvnggesvaalytfkqpglyaylnhnliqafmlggaahvkvdgewnndlmeqvvkpspinad
>Nitrosococcus_oceani_C-27  coded_by=5179..6297,organism=Nitrosococcus oceani C-27,definition=nitrite reductase
mkklikyfafylatfssvlyadgeassyianigthanlkdlervrqelvapphlpdhqqaysgkpriveiemvieekeveiepnvfvqamtfngtnpgpiivvhegdyveltlknldtnmllhnidfhpatgalgggaltkvapgqqvtlrfkadkagtyvyhcapgglmtpyhvvsgmygaimifpkkglrdqngkkvtydkayyvgeqgwyipkdkngkykryanaiepygdtlevmrglvpthvtyngskgaltgdnamkakvgdsvlfihsqanedsrihligghgdlvwpggsfkntpmvdketwhvnggesvaalytfkqpglyaylnhnliqafmlggaahvkvdgewnndlmeqvvkpspinad
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_13_str._N273  coded_by=30548..31570,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 13 str. N273,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
maeqpnvenldlilvanlptveaeltvapnvpkplarntpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpeiytgktkeqkydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Pseudomonas_protegens_Pf-5  coded_by=complement(6280447..6281535),organism=Pseudomonas protegens Pf-5,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mgafqswlkccvvagscasslvlaagadglqrvkvdlvappqvhaheqavsgppkvvqfrmnveekkmvvddqgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyveltlsnpasnsmphnidfhaatgalggaaltqvlpgqevvlrfkadrsgtfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlpreglqdpagkplhydraytigefdlyipkdkdghyksypdlassyqdtrevmrtltpshvvfngrvgaltganaltakvgesvlfihsqanrdsrphligghgdwvwttgkfanapqrnletwfipggsalaalytfkqpgtyvylnhnlieamelgalaqvkvegqwdddlmtqvkapgpmtpak
>Neisseria_flavescens_SK114  coded_by=13181..14338,organism=Neisseria flavescens SK114,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasdsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyhywtfngdvpgqmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeatftapghtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveagklinenvqstlipaggaaiiefkadipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegdenpeimtkklsdtvyqpagaaasapaaasaaseaak
>Haemophilus_parahaemolyticus_HK385  coded_by=complement(4185..5270),organism=Haemophilus parahaemolyticus HK385,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkktmlavmlgsimavnsvqavenqlknvnesvvpmaqlptveaeltfapnvpkpierttpakvvvklealekvmeiesgvkfkywtfngttpapfirvregdmvevqlsnpvngkmphsldfhsaaapeggalasqtapgksttfafratapglylyhcgtmpvgihigkgmfglmlvepkeglskvdkefyimqnefyvkdganpelkvfdmakaeyelpdyvvfngkvgaltdenalkakvgdkvrffvgnagpnkissfhligrtfdtvyveggtlqnhhvqttlipsggttmvemqmnvpgkytfvdhsifraekgakgniivegepnkeiytgkikeenynkhnpdanvdagfvh
>Nitrosopumilus_maritimus_SCM1  coded_by=complement(1525130..1526542),organism=Nitrosopumilus maritimus SCM1,definition=hypothetical protein
mnrrinalftiaavavigatlfgstytqtqiagqsldmqsmdvdvleqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgvlensgrnvvefnltgesvelpimggktynamtfnqqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqisaaafesvnpgetaqycyiaevagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvqnngnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsagtetwniggsqgaiidlvfdepgvyaavnhdyaaiytgaasvfvagdpfglnpvlvekgvipapvasyayalgnpsdavppmgeqsiahpainihglytdevasemqesgdyvalwevipvvaeilts
>Pusillimonas_sp._T7-7  coded_by=complement(1621250..1622656),organism=Pusillimonas sp. T7-7,definition=nitrite reductase
mrillmlcafmaslgftapsfaansgdathgtvsytpditftlrtsiadgklvfigdagaisgkvnpdlqvpenavvqinvingdgaihdiavpqfgaksdhitgkgsataivfrankngtfeylctlpghkaagmfgklivgepqeqvestalniakdptevgvpvgkrgpehitvdlettevvgqltngstykywtfnntvpgpfirvrvgdtvtinlanaadashihsidlhavtgpgggadvtqaapgqaksftftamhpglfvyhcatpmvaqhitngmygmilvepegglsevdrefyvmqgelytaekhgalghqefsleklldenpehlmfngamnalseqykleakvgetvriffgvggpnltssfhvigevfdkvysqasltsppltdvqtttvapggatmvelkadypghyilvdhalsrvekglsgvltvtgpedqkvfhphepgaaapaahkaqh
>Nitrosomonas_sp._Is79A3  coded_by=complement(2490885..2491982),organism=Nitrosomonas sp. Is79A3,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mikavqavvglgllclaatqvavaqdisklprvkqelvappnvpvheqvskgpkivevrmetqeklvevapgakvwgltfngsipgplivvnegdyveltlvnpktstlahnvdfhastgalggagltlvqpgeevvlrwkaikpgvfvyhcapggtmipfhvisgmsgavmvlpkgglkdakgkpytydrayyigeqdfylpkddkgnfktygspaegmadmlkvatglipthvvfngavgaltgdnalkakvgekvlfihsqanrpsyphligghgdlywvggsfsdipltsqetwfvpagsavaaayefkqpglyvylshnlieavllgaaahmnvegkwdddlmtqvkapksfdakaamdh
>Bacillus_methanolicus_MGA3  coded_by=complement(62091..63674),organism=Bacillus methanolicus MGA3,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mkkllfgtilagvvaigaacsnntshssmqghdmsnmnmkeentaqdssnqlplatntevlsgkeinltakeallqindkvklpvytyngsvpgaqirikqgdrvkinlknelpepttihwhgypvpnsqdgvpgvtmnaikpgetftyeftatvpgtywyhshqesakqvdkglygtlivepkneekvdrdytlvldewmsnpdegnmdmsgmdhsnmghgnssddkqmdmssmghdmsmydiftingksgsaveplkvkkgekvrlrlvnagymshklhlhgnefkivatdgqplkdpqpiknellniapgerydiefiannpgewllechgdmkgtdgmkvkiqyegatnntdkanakealpivdmtkygkhelgqftldqkydveytmdlgtamgkdgmvytindktypetapvnvkkgdlvkvklvnnspkdlhpmhlhghffqvlskngkpikgsplikdtlnlkpgeeyvvafkadnpgnwmfhchdlhhasagmvtevkykdyksnytpnpndatnkge
>Bacillus_methanolicus_MGA3  coded_by=54487..56070,organism=Bacillus methanolicus MGA3,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mkkllfgtilagvvaigaacsnntshssmqghdmsnmnmkeentaqdssnqlplatntevlsgkeinltakeallqindkvklpvytyngsvpgaqirikqgdrvkinlknelpepttihwhgypvpnsqdgvpgvtmnaikpgetftyeftatvpgtywyhshqesakqvdkglygtlivepkneekvdrdytlvldewmsnpdegnmdmsgmdhsnmghgnssddkqmdmssmghdmsmydiftingksgsaveplkvkkgekvrlrlvnagymshklhlhgnefkivatdgqplkdpqpiknellniapgerydiefiannpgewllechgdmkgtdgmkvkiqyegatnntdkanakealpivdmtkygkhelgqftldqkydveytmdlgtamgkdgmvytindktypetapvnvkkgdlvkvklvnnspkdlhpmhlhghffqvlskngkpikgsplikdtlnlkpgeeyvvafkadnpgnwmfhchdlhhasagmvtevkykdyksnytpnpndatnkge
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_BisA53  coded_by=4560262..4561362,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris BisA53,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mftrraamigaaaaalllaspafaddlklprqqvnlvappfvhaheqatkqgpkimefrmvveekkvvideegttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyveltlvnpatntmphnidfhaatgalggggltlinpgeqvvlrfkatrtgtfvyhcapggnmipwhvvsgmngammvlprdglkdakgnalrydkiyyvgeqdmyvprddkgkyksydspaegyvdmvevmrklvpthvvfngkvgaltgehaltakvgetvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdhvwetgkfanppevdletwfirggsagaalytflepgvyayvnhnlieavelgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapaeippakpvtn
>Rhodanobacter_sp._2APBS1  coded_by=69391..70908,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 2APBS1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
msrslflilaaagalalagcsgkpsavspvgeadaspaaiaathgdfgppqgepihavltspphvpppvnrnypakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknapdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesrftfkalnqgiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrqkghqpfdmekaidehptyvlfngregaltgdnaltaktnqtvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvqpeggtvaqhnvqttlipsggaamvefhtdvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilkvdgpedktiysgkevdsvylgdrsepnlkavttaatahaagtltkaeqvaagkqlftgtcsvchqangeglpnvfpplaksdflaadpkramtivthglsgkvtvngheydsvmppmsqlnddevaniltyvlnswgnpggqfskeevtkaraeapaaaapeh
>Rhodanobacter_sp._116-2  coded_by=40218..41735,organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 116-2,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
msrslflilaaagalalagcsgkpsavspvgeadaspaaiaathgdfgppqgepihavltspphvpppvnrnypakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknapdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesrftfkalnqgiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrqkghqpfdmekaidehptyvlfngregaltgdnaltaktnqtvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvqpeggtvaqhnvqttlipsggaamvefhtdvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilkvdgpedktiysgkevdsvylgdrsepnlkavttaatahaagtltkaeqvaagkqlftgtcsvchqangeglpnvfpplaksdflaadpkramtivthglsgkvtvngheydsvmppmsqlnddevaniltyvlnswgnpggqfskeevtkaraeapaaaapeh
>Rhodanobacter_denitrificans  coded_by=complement(3050773..3052290),organism=Rhodanobacter denitrificans,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
msrslflilaaagalalagcsgkpsavspvgeadaspaaiaathgdfgppqgepihavltspphvpppvnrnypakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknapdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesrftfkalnqgiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrqkghqpfdmekaidehptyvlfngregaltgdnaltaktnqtvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvqpeggtvaqhnvqttlipsggaamvefhtdvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilkvdgpedktiysgkevdsvylgdrsepnlkavttaatahaagtltkaeqvaagkqlftgtcsvchqangeglpnvfpplaksdflaadpkramtivthglsgkvtvngheydsvmppmsqlnddevaniltyvlnswgnpggqfskeevtkaraeapaaaapeh
>Rhodanobacter_denitrificans  coded_by=1..1518,organism=Rhodanobacter denitrificans,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
msrslflilaaagalalagcsgkpsavspvgeadaspaaiaathgdfgppqgepihavltspphvpppvnrnypakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknapdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesrftfkalnqgiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrqkghqpfdmekaidehptyvlfngregaltgdnaltaktnqtvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvqpeggtvaqhnvqttlipsggaamvefhtdvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilkvdgpedktiysgkevdsvylgdrsepnlkavttaatahaagtltkaeqvaagkqlftgtcsvchqangeglpnvfpplaksdflaadpkramtivthglsgkvtvngheydsvmppmsqlnddevaniltyvlnswgnpggqfskeevtkaraeapaaaapeh
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2009-88-3  coded_by=complement(4506..5636),organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2009-88-3,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_80/125  coded_by=342731..343861,organism=Brucella ovis 80/125,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_F8/05B  coded_by=29038..30168,organism=Brucella ovis F8/05B,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_63/96  coded_by=28546..29676,organism=Brucella ovis 63/96,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_81/8  coded_by=167729..168859,organism=Brucella ovis 81/8,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-1993-758  coded_by=28697..29827,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-1993-758,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2001-319-4082  coded_by=342784..343914,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2001-319-4082,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2002-82-58  coded_by=342801..343931,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2002-82-58,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2008-114-542  coded_by=167707..168837,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2008-114-542,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2010-47-871  coded_by=28694..29824,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2010-47-871,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2001-319-5096  coded_by=29038..30168,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2001-319-5096,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2006-46-332  coded_by=28697..29827,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2006-46-332,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2010-47-268  coded_by=28697..29827,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2010-47-268,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2009-88-4  coded_by=342816..343946,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2009-88-4,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_IntaBari-2006-46-348  coded_by=29038..30168,organism=Brucella ovis IntaBari-2006-46-348,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ovis_ATCC_25840  coded_by=240558..241688,organism=Brucella ovis ATCC 25840,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgsgglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliiysqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Azospirillum_lipoferum_4B  coded_by=complement(80307..81374),organism=Azospirillum lipoferum 4B,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mktsrslvtvsaaalmilsgigaasaadtlyadpkvkqpthsvvmdpaavpapekagkrapkthkvslvttevesklddgttytywtfnntvpgpmvrvrvgdtvdvsianapestmnhsvdfhaatgflgggqitqvepgqtkaftfkaltpgvyvyhcatpmvahhiskgmyglivvepeaglppvdhefyvmqqeiyatkaknlanaeddydglvnerpsylvfngtvgaltkdkplkakvgetvrlyfgvggpnltssfhvigeifdrvynmgglenepakgiqtvtvapggatmvefkvdypgkyalvdhalsratkgligilevegkaddsiildktgdsrkqmgemqh
>Chloroflexus_aggregans_DSM_9485  coded_by=complement(2202977..2204023),organism=Chloroflexus aggregans DSM 9485,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mirriiitlvatlltacaaihsptgvqmpvlptvapamevthdvmlpanavpapvgarpvqtvtvalttrevvgylgdgstytfwtfngtvpdpmirvrvgdtvelaltnatdsmlphsidlhavtgpgggtvatqvapdqtkrfrfkalnpgvyvyhcatphipshiangmyglivvepegglppvdrefyimqgdfytqqahgtqghltfnpvavkdenptyivfngraggltgdnamkarvgetmrlfvgvggpnvsnnfhvigeifdtvyveggslqnhnvqttmipaggaviiefkpevpgtyilvdhalsrsidkgviakivvegepnpsvfdaeeintagh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaiidpidgykklmvektsvsmaxvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwngiehkqyqsqllfvengqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgvildrvtqgnrvqsgatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Shewanella_woodyi_ATCC_51908  coded_by=complement(1779421..1780365),organism=Shewanella woodyi ATCC 51908,definition=multicopper oxidase type 3
mkvskiaygifislallssyasnakvitveipviekemlvdnagtkhnmwtyggtipgpvvrvtegdivdfsllnkksnkqshsmdfhaaivdvldefesvrpgkrkdfkfeakypgvfiyhcgsesmsehisrgmygviivdpkegytedfpkpdreyvivegdlfennatpteitnnekwkgvlingkqfhydpvhdqnatqvleskpgervriyfanakinenaafhpiagiwdkvwdnghpknirhgiqtidvapahaiiadivspsdrptnnalvdhrmksalngaitvlmnkpdadpkmgkgtnlvin
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_USDA_257  coded_by=4022475..4023605,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii USDA 257,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase NirK
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagaltplvgavsahaeeavakvalvdvaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkivideqgtevqamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpetnqlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgettvlrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpreglsdgkgksitydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdedgkfkkyesagdayadtlevmrtltpshivfngavgaltgdnalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdvdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfavtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Rhodothermus_marinus_DSM_4252  coded_by=1416596..1417663,organism=Rhodothermus marinus DSM 4252,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkassrrdflkglgvaaagglitssglsleaegrgrsgrivtgpmgrrvervaadpadipppihrdwpithditlrveevvaeiepgvtfnfmtyngqipgpmirvrrgdvvnltienpssnrmphnvdfhavygpgggaahtlvapgqsktirfrclypgayvyhcavpdmdyhissgmfgmilveppeglppvdrefylgqhelytdkqpgepghhnfdfeklfeekptyvlfngakygltadrygamkakvgetvriflavggpnltsnfhpignvlsyvwregailnnpernaqtvaippgscgifhmrlpvpgpvkfvdhaltrvarkgllavlevegpeqpdiynpnpa
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvdvmeqihamgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalessgrnvvefnlegysvelpimggktfnamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipdwevtghgndmhasqitagafesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagifkyhcsgvklvgmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfysadalefqmqynqmyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvlgdtnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqlmfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Acidothermus_cellulolyticus_11B  coded_by=complement(534647..536086),organism=Acidothermus cellulolyticus 11B,definition=multicopper oxidase, type 3
mtertgvptasepastrtrrthllvaltaaaagiglvaatiafagsghqhtgsraavvapathgvsrvnvtlaefhidparlvvapgthlylvvrngghmehdlrlsngahtrllepgqettldagvvrtdlsgwctvpghraagmtmtitvgtaaaaaptpqpgtgvmempgmpaesgvaapnpadataaaldtapppgwrpidaalpaapsgtvhkvtwhirdvvttvapgvtqtlwtfdgrvpgptlrgrvgdtfevtvvndtsmthnldfhaesgppaevmtpippggrhtytfvaryagawlyhcgtapmlmhvangmygaliidppnlapvdreyvlvasefffgpprgpgdyakmladrpdtvvfngypfaykwrpltavvgqririwivdagpnrgvafhvigepftttyvdghyalqntsdgaaqtlavdpgdggfveltfsrpgdypfvdhqmadaelgamgtisvrtp
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_5b_str._L20  coded_by=2262184..2263194,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 5b str. L20,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeidkgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpelytgktkeqkydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Brucella_suis_F8/06-2  coded_by=29840..30970,organism=Brucella suis F8/06-2,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F5/03-2  coded_by=337909..339039,organism=Brucella suis F5/03-2,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F4/06-146  coded_by=169498..170628,organism=Brucella suis F4/06-146,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_92/63  coded_by=224485..225615,organism=Brucella suis 92/63,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_94/11  coded_by=169421..170551,organism=Brucella suis 94/11,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F9/06-1  coded_by=30245..31375,organism=Brucella suis F9/06-1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-5  coded_by=29654..30784,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-5,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F8/06-3  coded_by=169392..170522,organism=Brucella suis F8/06-3,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F8/06-1  coded_by=29549..30679,organism=Brucella suis F8/06-1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-2  coded_by=29840..30970,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-2,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F7/06-1  coded_by=169533..170663,organism=Brucella suis F7/06-1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F12/02  coded_by=357061..358191,organism=Brucella suis F12/02,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_63/261  coded_by=169465..170595,organism=Brucella suis 63/261,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_F5/05-10  coded_by=169506..170636,organism=Brucella suis F5/05-10,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_ATCC_23445  coded_by=242643..243773,organism=Brucella suis ATCC 23445,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=213884..215014,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=213837..214967,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=213906..215036,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_06-988-1656  coded_by=26408..27538,organism=Brucella suis 06-988-1656,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_06-997-1672  coded_by=29936..31066,organism=Brucella suis 06-997-1672,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_06-791-1309  coded_by=242539..243669,organism=Brucella suis 06-791-1309,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_04-0115  coded_by=complement(1050296..1051426),organism=Brucella suis 04-0115,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_97-9757  coded_by=74434..75564,organism=Brucella suis 97-9757,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=213822..214952,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_bv._2  coded_by=213906..215036,organism=Brucella suis bv. 2,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_bv._3_str._686  coded_by=237622..238752,organism=Brucella suis bv. 3 str. 686,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=1191580..1192710,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakfgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E264  coded_by=complement(1117662..1119125),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E264,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain protein
mtdavdpsplarrakalllaslsgalvlsacqsrspaeryeisrmnfnpgpahvtqerhtgpfasgsalsfdaalkplarsrnktirldtthtviriapgvafaawtfanqvpgptvhvrvgdrvhfsmtnrsdepapgtlqlsapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmsfeftpnypgvfmyhcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvveprdgyptkadreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrstgavplyvldgdrlrrkaptytvfngryngmvaqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssssaivefivpeagsyvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheesaiehhnipasatptdpeavqgklsfeskclachtlgngaklgpdllgvtklrsdewlrrwlaspeamvaadadakalrahypitmpdqnlsdaeirqyiryfhwadeaskpqapamp
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E444  coded_by=complement(2320920..2322383),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E444,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtdavdpsplarrakalllaslsgalvlsacqsrspaeryeisrmnfnpgpahvtqerhtgpfasgsalsfdaalkplarsrnktirldtthtviriapgvafaawtfanqvpgptvhvrvgdrvhfsmtnrsdepapgtlqlsapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmsfeftpnypgvfmyhcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvveprdgyptkadreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrstgavplyvldgdrlrrkaptytvfngryngmvaqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssssaivefivpeagsyvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheesaiehhnipasatptdpeavqgklsfeskclachtlgngaklgpdllgvtklrsdewlrrwlaspeamvaadadakalrahypitmpdqnlsdaeirqyiryfhwadeaskpqapamp
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_2002721723  coded_by=complement(1151244..1152707),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 2002721723,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtdavdpsplarrakalllaslsgalvlsacqsrspaeryeisrmnfnpgpahvtqerhtgpfasgsalsfdaalkplarsrnktirldtthtviriapgvafaawtfanqvpgptvhvrvgdrvhfsmtnrsdepapgtlqlsapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmsfeftpnypgvfmyhcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvveprdgyptkadreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrstgavplyvldgdrlrrkaptytvfngryngmvaqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssssaivefivpeagsyvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheesaiehhnipasatptdpeavqgklsfeskclachtlgngaklgpdllgvtklrsdewlrrwlaspeamvaadadakalrahypitmpdqnlsdaeirqyiryfhwadeaskpqapamp
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_2002721643  coded_by=complement(414806..416269),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis 2002721643,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtdavdpsplarrakalllaslsgalvlsacqsrspaeryeisrmnfnpgpahvtqerhtgpfasgsalsfdaalkplarsrnktirldtthtviriapgvafaawtfanqvpgptvhvrvgdrvhfsmtnrsdepapgtlqlsapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmsfeftpnypgvfmyhcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvveprdgyptkadreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrstgavplyvldgdrlrrkaptytvfngryngmvaqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssssaivefivpeagsyvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheesaiehhnipasatptdpeavqgklsfeskclachtlgngaklgpdllgvtklrsdewlrrwlaspeamvaadadakalrahypitmpdqnlsdaeirqyiryfhwadeaskpqapamp
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_USAMRU_Malaysia_20  coded_by=complement(319597..321060),organism=Burkholderia thailandensis USAMRU Malaysia 20,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtdavdpsplarrakalllaslsgalvlsacqsrspaeryeisrmnfnpgpahvtqerhtgpfasgsalsfdaalkplarsrnktirldtthtviriapgvafaawtfanqvpgptvhvrvgdrvhfsmtnrsdepapgtlqlsapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmsfeftpnypgvfmyhcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvveprdgyptkadreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrstgavplyvldgdrlrrkaptytvfngryngmvaqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssssaivefivpeagsyvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheesaiehhnipasatptdpeavqgklsfeskclachtlgngaklgpdllgvtklrsdewlrrwlaspeamvaadadakalrahypitmpdqnlsdaeirqyiryfhwadeaskpqapamp
>Burkholderia_thailandensis_E264  coded_by=1672347..1673810,organism=Burkholderia thailandensis E264,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtdavdpsplarrakalllaslsgalvlsacqsrspaeryeisrmnfnpgpahvtqerhtgpfasgsalsfdaalkplarsrnktirldtthtviriapgvafaawtfanqvpgptvhvrvgdrvhfsmtnrsdepapgtlqlsapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmsfeftpnypgvfmyhcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvveprdgyptkadreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrstgavplyvldgdrlrrkaptytvfngryngmvaqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssssaivefivpeagsyvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheesaiehhnipasatptdpeavqgklsfeskclachtlgngaklgpdllgvtklrsdewlrrwlaspeamvaadadakalrahypitmpdqnlsdaeirqyiryfhwadeaskpqapamp
>Rubrobacter_xylanophilus_DSM_9941  coded_by=86899..87915,organism=Rubrobacter xylanophilus DSM 9941,definition=Twin-arginine translocation pathway signal
mrglrrgvsrreflraagvagalgvsggllgarvargqggghggirgeasgghggnrvvgdvdlsrfdpskflrefywgderkeggrtvreyelvaepveievapgvmypawayngqvpgptlraregdrlrvafkngdthphtihfhgfhpanmdgvfelvgpgqefvyefeagpfgchlyhchtmplkkhiekglygafivdpregrpeademvmvmngfdtdfdgenevygvntvafhyqrhpvkikrgelvriyvvnalefdlvnsfhihanffdyyptgtrlepseftdtkmfaqgergimefryrfpgrfmfhahvsefaelgwmglfeveg
>Candidatus_Nitrospira_defluvii  coded_by=complement(4189793..4190758),organism=Candidatus Nitrospira defluvii,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mtvrstrfrqsvirtvlglasvygvamqpvdsafakvvevsmtavetklvvdgeghtydawtfngqfpgpvirvqegdevvfsltnpetngrphsmdfhaaetnflehykevrpgeslqyrfkakwpgifayhcgaspmiqhiargmmgaiivdpkdpkalpkadreyvlvqselfkdpddvdgmfdrkyqhvvfngsvfrydpvhskaggdfldakpgervrfyfvnagpnnvsavhpiaeiwddvwesgnpanhtrgvqtqlippagaaildmvldnndgvypivthsltdalrgaiallkvdkdarqlplmpfvtpak
>Brucella_melitensis_548  coded_by=complement(1268..2290),organism=Brucella melitensis 548,definition=nitrite reductase
mrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_NI  coded_by=239884..240906,organism=Brucella melitensis NI,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Pseudomonas_chlororaphis_subsp._aureofaciens  coded_by=13..1104,organism=Pseudomonas chlororaphis subsp. aureofaciens,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
msvfrsvlgacvllgscasslalaggaeglqrvkvdlvapplvhpheqvvsgppkvvqfrmsieekkmviddqgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyieltlvnpatnsmphnvdfhaatgalggagltqvvpgqevvlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapqgmvpwhvvsgmngalmvlprdglrdpqgkllhydrvytigesdlyipkdkdghykdypdlassyqdtravmrtltpshvvfngrvgaltganaltskvgesvlfihsqanrdsrphligghgdwvwttgkfanppqrnmetwfipggsavaalytfkqpgtyvylshnlieamelgalaqikvegqwdddlmtqvkapgpivepkq
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaiidpidgykklmvektsvsngqvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwngiehkqyqsqllfvengqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsgatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_bacterium_1042  coded_by=complement(7654..8763),organism=uncultured bacterium 1042,definition=putative nitrite reductase copper-containing NirK
mftrrealfgvtmaaaavasmpafpakaragpaagalsrervtlvappfvhahdqvakggpkivefimtieekpvvidgdgttlhamtyngsipgplmvvhqddyveltlinpesntlahnidfhaatgalgggeltfvnpgeqvtlrfkatrtgtfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmsgaimilprdglrnekgepvrydklffvgendfymprdeqgayksyespgdayddmvkvmrglvpthvvfngkvgsltgdnamkakvgetvlivhaqanrdtrphligghgdyvweegkfanppakdletwfirggsagaalytflqpgiyayvnhnlieavelgatahfmvegdwdddlmtqvqaprpiatn
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR435  coded_by=complement(17819..19381),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR435,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR449  coded_by=complement(33410..34972),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR449,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3893..5455,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(64169..65731),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei_PRL-20  coded_by=complement(24..1586),organism=Burkholderia mallei PRL-20,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei_GB8_horse_4  coded_by=complement(19368..20930),organism=Burkholderia mallei GB8 horse 4,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(32120..33682),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei_NCTC_10247  coded_by=1597127..1598689,organism=Burkholderia mallei NCTC 10247,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei_SAVP1  coded_by=598756..600318,organism=Burkholderia mallei SAVP1,definition=putative outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei_ATCC_23344  coded_by=complement(774429..775991),organism=Burkholderia mallei ATCC 23344,definition=putative outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei_NCTC_10229  coded_by=739471..741033,organism=Burkholderia mallei NCTC 10229,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(17898..19460),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3755..5317,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=452455..454017,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3791..5353,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(143634..145196),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3863..5425,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3864..5426,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(31894..33456),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(31802..33364),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=173512..175074,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=789322..790884,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR491  coded_by=2241278..2242840,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR491,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1894062..1895624,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1424483..1426045,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1079  coded_by=complement(2359503..2361065),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1079,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=2026479..2028041,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(65980..67542),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=20482..22044,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(39887..41449),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=3231955..3233517,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_TSV44  coded_by=31378..32940,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei TSV44,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7527  coded_by=70585..72147,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7527,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4303  coded_by=70490..72052,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4303,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1864530..1866092,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5848  coded_by=complement(3037972..3039534),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5848,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5855  coded_by=3033228..3034790,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5855,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(1513809..1515371),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5492  coded_by=37150..38712,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5492,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_TSV32  coded_by=5621..7183,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei TSV32,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7504  coded_by=complement(40897..42459),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7504,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_ABCPW_30  coded_by=387962..389524,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei ABCPW 30,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_TSV_43  coded_by=864052..865614,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei TSV 43,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_TSV_31  coded_by=863827..865389,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei TSV 31,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5855  coded_by=73319..74881,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5855,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1783575..1785137,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(235873..237435),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=542362..543924,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1642459..1644021,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=67550..69112,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggristdevskarakapavaeaah
>Brucella_sp._BO2  coded_by=complement(20549..21460),organism=Brucella sp. BO2,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing protein
mvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektilrfkatrpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Pseudomonas_mendocina_NK-01  coded_by=complement(159821..160906),organism=Pseudomonas mendocina NK-01,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkgfkplliasaialsftstslladttdglervkvdlvappqvhaheqatsskpkvvqfrmtieekkmvidgqgttlqamtfdgsmpgptmvvhegdyveltlvnpasnsmphnidfhaatgalggakltqvapgeevvlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvawhvlagmsgtlmvlprdglkdpegkplhydraytigefdlyipkdkdgkykdyadlgssfqdsreamrtlipthvvfngkvgaltgdgaltakvgetvlfihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfdnppeknletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyayvnhnlieamelgaaghvkvegewnddlmkqikapgpitak
>Nitrobacter_sp._Nb-311A  coded_by=complement(97522..98472),organism=Nitrobacter sp. Nb-311A,definition=multicopper oxidase
mttarlkngaiagsvaavmvlagatitaaqaktvkielvakettvpldnqgntvaawtfngqvpgpiirategdtieftlkndaankkshsidmhsarsdvltdfasikpgetktfsyvpehagvffyhcgsdpmiqhiargmfgvviidpkdpnampkadreyvliehqifenpedvdsmmankwkrnafnavpfqydpvhdehatqtlearpgervrvymvnagpnefsgfhpiagiwdrvypsgnpknvmvgmqnytlapgdaatfdlispkegayalvnhsmraaltggiailmisnkadpsmgrgdkilvr
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_1_str._4074  coded_by=4280..5302,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 1 str. 4074,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
maeqpnvenldlipvanlptveaeltvapnvpkplarntpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpeiytgktkeqkydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Neisseria_meningitidis_ATCC_13091  coded_by=complement(1214..2374),organism=Neisseria meningitidis ATCC 13091,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaasaeaassaaqaaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Nitrosospira_multiformis_ATCC_25196  coded_by=2295049..2296404,organism=Nitrosospira multiformis ATCC 25196,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mgrtfllltavcatfgylspvaaeqgsnsgvtyrpdvtftlrtdigegklvfvgesgtiagkinpdlevnpgavvqinlvngdgamhdiaipelgaksdnitakgaatsmvfravrtgtfeylctlpghkaagmfgrlivgkppeeakgyvtnvaqdpravgepvgtrasrhltlnleateiegqlsdkklykywtfnnrvpgpllrvkvgdtitinlhnsasstnihsidfhavtgpgggaavtqaapgetksftfkslhpglfvyhcatpmvahhiangmygmvlvepegglpmadrefyvmqgelytthshnvrglqefslenllaenpqhlvfngtvdaltkmytmeantgdnvriyfgvggpnltssfhiigevfdkvydqasltsppltdvqttlvppggativefkvdypgryilvdhalsrmekglagyltvrgkanaeifkp
>Hyphomicrobium_denitrificans  coded_by=36..1496,organism=Hyphomicrobium denitrificans,definition=nitrite reductase
mifhrfgavvglmmaallsvpaahadqhqqmaqkaapaadapamkdksksheeektdptagahapvvftlrtgiaegrmvyigvggdidhkinptlvvhegetvqvnlvngegaqhdvvvdqyaarsaivngknasstfsfvaskvgefnyycsiaghrqagmegniqvlpgnraemkssgaditrdpadlpgpigprqaktvridletvevkgqlddnttytywtfngkvpgpflrvrvgdtvelhlknhkdslmvhsvdfhgatgpggaaaftqtdpgeetvvtfkalipgiyvyhcatpsvpthitngmyglllvepegglpqvdrefyvmqgeiytvksfgtsgeqemdyeklinekpeyflfngsvgsltrshplyasvgetvriffgvggpnftssfhvigeifdhvyslgsvvsppligvqtvsvppggativdfkidragryilvdhalsrlehglvgflnvdgpkndsimhegpakq
>Bacillus_methanolicus_PB1  coded_by=389636..391264,organism=Bacillus methanolicus PB1,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mklkliallsfvililaacssaqngkmsgmdhenmnnvgesknngeetqmdslkttnfetltgneftivakeaihqlnnkvsvkawtfngsvpgsqirvkegekvkitlknelpdpvsihwhgipvpnemdgipgvtqnavqpgesftyefiaanpgtymyhthqdgvnqldkglygsflvepkektydrdftlmldewmsnpkeadssmngmnhgnmsgmdhsnmggmdsnkssdpkessndsgmdsesmrhsmnnydiftingksgdlveplkvkegekirirlanigfmshkihlhghkfkvvavdgqelnepqelkdqlisiapgerydieftadnpgewylechgdmegtdgmkakiqyegnteskdqsdqdknlpeftftnyggtkngefkldqkydveytmdlntmmdgknmvytingktfpdtekinvkkgdlvkvklvnnsmmddhpmhlhghffqvlskngkpvkgspiikdtinlkpgdeyvvafkadnpgnwlfhchdlhhasagmvtmvkydgyrpnftpdpnannkpe
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1945376..1946839,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=putative copper nitrite reductase protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_K96243  coded_by=1978963..1980426,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei K96243,definition=putative copper nitrite reductase protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Haloferax_volcanii_DS2  coded_by=complement(100415..101494),organism=Haloferax volcanii DS2,definition=nitrite reductase
mlsttrrrtlqwlglggvaslagcatksptaaqsldeteeptqqgstnlvdqvaadptdipgpidrsesaevdvtlrpeevtaevedgvtftyttyngqvpgplvrvrqgdtvnvtfenpeentmphnvdfhavagpgggaeatmtnpgetahlrfkatypgayiyhcavpnmdmhisagmfglilveppegmpevdheiylgqhelytdkdageegqhafdyeamrneeptyvlmngekyawtpngrgpaatvgldetvrvyfvdggpnlsssfhpigsvwetlypegslttepqthiqtrqvppgsttiatmsspvpgdfklvdhslsrvvrkgcmavvraegaedpeifdpdpdpq
>Haloferax_volcanii_DS2  coded_by=complement(2004170..2005249),organism=Haloferax volcanii DS2,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mlsttrrrtlqwlglggvaslagcatksptaaqsldeteeptqqgstnlvdqvaadptdipgpidrsesaevdvtlrpeevtaevedgvtftyttyngqvpgplvrvrqgdtvnvtfenpeentmphnvdfhavagpgggaeatmtnpgetahlrfkatypgayiyhcavpnmdmhisagmfglilveppegmpevdheiylgqhelytdkdageegqhafdyeamrneeptyvlmngekyawtpngrgpaatvgldetvrvyfvdggpnlsssfhpigsvwetlypegslttepqthiqtrqvppgsttiatmsspvpgdfklvdhslsrvvrkgcmavvraegaedpeifdpdpdpq
>Candidatus_Nitrosopumilus_salaria_BD31  coded_by=12049..13443,organism=Candidatus Nitrosopumilus salaria BD31,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mlftiaavavmgatlfgstytqtqiagqslditkmdadvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgvlsqtgrkvvefnltgesvklpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtlsipadevtghgndmhasqitagafesvnpgetsqycyiaqvagvfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpidgykklmvektkvsngkvsldrkfydadalefqiqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwngielkqyqsqllfvendqhvrifaenagnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsagtetwllggsqnmivdivfdepgayalvnhdyaaiytgaatvfvagdpfglnprlvdagiipapvpsyayalgnpsdavppmgknsiahpavnihglytdevasekkaagmiplweviptlppvp
>Burkholderia_mallei_ATCC_23344  coded_by=complement(821398..823005),organism=Burkholderia mallei ATCC 23344,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei_NCTC_10247  coded_by=1550068..1551675,organism=Burkholderia mallei NCTC 10247,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei_NCTC_10229  coded_by=692459..694066,organism=Burkholderia mallei NCTC 10229,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=15783..17390,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=405728..407335,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(190381..191988),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(6041..7648),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1377515..1379122,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1979447..1981054,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1832186..1833793,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=complement(8278..9885),organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_mallei  coded_by=1595638..1597245,organism=Burkholderia mallei,definition=cytochrome C
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtprvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Acanthamoeba_castellanii  coded_by=<1..>664,organism=Acanthamoeba castellanii,definition=anaerobically induced outer membrane-like protein
dpvllrvkmdsqvteaqleppqsydfwtfsgtvpglfirarvgdtmeveltnkdesgmlhnldfhsvvgpgggaplltvgagetkhawfkllhpglfiyhcavdpvgmhiangmygmmlvepaxglppvdkeffvlqsefyteqspddpmklelawndamkeqpthvvfngrvgaltepdnmlqvntgervriyfgnigpnlvssfhiigmilehvyregd
>Cardiobacterium_valvarum_F0432  coded_by=43867..45222,organism=Cardiobacterium valvarum F0432,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mslvlllffgggnlngtprgcqvrlyfllidagqspyfdtslqflkknhllsttsktgahprktwlslsvaasmlaaaplsyaaegaphtggiegykvgvqaegldklervkqklvappgvpehtleapakprivevemtiqekeievepgvfmwaftynghvpgpmivvhqddyveltlkndaknqlihnidfhastgalgagelthvapgqevvlrfkatkpgvfiyhcapggamipwhvvhgmngailvipkdgikdkngnkltydrayyigeqdyyipkdekgnykrydnpsasfaddkavmdglvpthivfgeskgslagdnamtakvgetvmfyhsqanrytyphiigghgeyvwergnladppaqdletwsiaagsagaamytfkqpgtyayvnhnlieafnlgaaghvrvdgewnndlmeqvkapgpmaggveakapaepakk
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvnvmdqirnmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgvlessgrnvvefnltgvsvelpimggktynamtfseqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgevsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfienqgnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdsvfd
>Caulobacter_segnis_ATCC_21756  coded_by=complement(3306104..3307132),organism=Caulobacter segnis ATCC 21756,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing protein
mkalalfataaafaligtaaigatpdapapavadtvrlatdlpppiarrapatvkvdlvtqevvgkladganfkfwtfngkvpgpmvrvrvgdtvevslknaadsehmhnvdfhavtgpggggvatmaapgetqaftfkamapglyvyhcatpmvaehiangmygailvepeeglpkvdhefyvmqgevytdeamgskgllnesiekllneqpefyifnggskaltgdkalrakvgetvriffgvggpnktssfhvigeifdhvypygsltstpikdvqtvtvapggatvvdfklevpgnyilvdhalsrlerggagiltvegaanpevfnappnphkgggh
>Thermus_scotoductus_SA-01  coded_by=complement(1672608..1673963),organism=Thermus scotoductus SA-01,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mrkvlgvlaglvlgipgvaaerhftlearssifevdqgvylrgfsfndmspgpmlvveegdtvhitlrnldnvthglsihaantqtsrflgnvqpgetrefsftadfpgvfmyhcapgghgimahtmggqfgmivvepkekyrmerelgrgpdlklyiiqseayasgrdfydgkalyvmfngrnfryvdepipvrpgdylriyflnvgpnltstlhvvggifeymyyqgnpknlvvgaqtalagpsdswviewrvppvegdytlvthvfgtaikgalgilrakkdapripevraegvpgvkeipasakrvvdpyglaspghehtvrvpldpalaqpvavgakaleplpvtvqmvgnsfypkvleipvgttvefvnedvfdllegertgrhdavvidvqgpepfvtpklghgeryritftkpgeyvyicsihpymkgiirvyeplsqradsq
>Thermus_scotoductus  coded_by=43952..45307,organism=Thermus scotoductus,definition=nitrite reductase
mrkvlgvlaglvlgipgvaaerhftlearssifevdqgvylrgfsfndmspgpmlvveegdtvhitlrnldnvthglsihaantqtsrflgnvqpgetrefsftadfpgvfmyhcapgghgimahtmggqfgmivvepkekyrmerelgrgpdlklyiiqseayasgrdfydgkalyvmfngrnfryvdepipvrpgdylriyflnvgpnltstlhvvggifeymyyqgnpknlvvgaqtalagpsdswviewrvppvegdytlvthvfgtaikgalgilrakkdapripevraegvpgvkeipasakrvvdpyglaspghehtvrvpldpalaqpvavgakaleplpvtvqmvgnsfypkvleipvgttvefvnedvfdllegertgrhdavvidvqgpepfvtpklghgeryritftkpgeyvyicsihpymkgiirvyeplsqradsq
>Rhizobium_etli_CFN_42  coded_by=590443..591588,organism=Rhizobium etli CFN 42,definition=nitrite reductase protein
mtntlqitrrtmltgaavagaltpiivssaaqaneevaalktakqvkvdlsrlprekvelvkppfvhahqqkaeggpkikeftltiqekkmildkdgteinamtfdgsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlvnpdsntlqhnidfhaatgglgggaltvvnpgestvlrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpreglkdgkgkplvydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdetgkfkkydspgeaydetvaamktltpthivfngavgaltgenamtakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgeyvwatgkflnppdtdqetwfipggtagaalytfaqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewdddlmtsvrapsas
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=898..1992,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=respiratory nitrite reductase
mftrraalisaaatalmlatpalaaddlklprqkvelvappfvhaheqatkqgpkivefkltieekkvvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvettlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatktgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkghalkydkvyyvgeqdmyvprdekgnfksydspgeastdteemmkklipshvvfngkvgaltgknaltanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfgnapevgletwfirggsagaamykfmqpgiyayvthnlieaadlcatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapaeipantn
>Brucella_abortus_LMN1  coded_by=complement(841595..842725),organism=Brucella abortus LMN1,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_2308  coded_by=complement(252244..253374),organism=Brucella abortus 2308,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(273162..274292),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_82  coded_by=82732..83862,organism=Brucella abortus 82,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_S99  coded_by=complement(52442..53572),organism=Brucella abortus S99,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_LMN2  coded_by=complement(171217..172347),organism=Brucella abortus LMN2,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_68-3396P  coded_by=complement(885549..886679),organism=Brucella abortus 68-3396P,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_76-1413  coded_by=complement(885983..887113),organism=Brucella abortus 76-1413,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_82-3893  coded_by=complement(855981..857111),organism=Brucella abortus 82-3893,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_80-1399  coded_by=complement(227567..228697),organism=Brucella abortus 80-1399,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_87-0095  coded_by=complement(929143..930273),organism=Brucella abortus 87-0095,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_87-2211  coded_by=complement(770348..771478),organism=Brucella abortus 87-2211,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_82-2330  coded_by=complement(530166..531296),organism=Brucella abortus 82-2330,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_85-1058  coded_by=complement(885976..887106),organism=Brucella abortus 85-1058,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_84-0928  coded_by=complement(885952..887082),organism=Brucella abortus 84-0928,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_90-0775  coded_by=complement(928827..929957),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0775,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_90-0737  coded_by=complement(928865..929995),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0737,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_89-0363  coded_by=complement(227975..229105),organism=Brucella abortus 89-0363,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_90-0742  coded_by=complement(439996..441126),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0742,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_90-0962  coded_by=complement(771948..773078),organism=Brucella abortus 90-0962,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_90-1280  coded_by=complement(885834..886964),organism=Brucella abortus 90-1280,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_94-1313  coded_by=complement(929035..930165),organism=Brucella abortus 94-1313,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_01-0648  coded_by=complement(772544..773674),organism=Brucella abortus 01-0648,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_01-0585  coded_by=complement(885967..887097),organism=Brucella abortus 01-0585,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0018  coded_by=complement(886049..887179),organism=Brucella abortus B10-0018,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_01-0065  coded_by=complement(929394..930524),organism=Brucella abortus 01-0065,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0091  coded_by=complement(530173..531303),organism=Brucella abortus B10-0091,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_B10-0973  coded_by=complement(913065..914195),organism=Brucella abortus B10-0973,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI016  coded_by=complement(768748..769878),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI016,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI021  coded_by=complement(246813..247943),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI021,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI259  coded_by=complement(768781..769911),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI259,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI010  coded_by=complement(768658..769788),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI010,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI474  coded_by=complement(768745..769875),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI474,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI435a  coded_by=135039..136169,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI435a,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI486  coded_by=80550..81680,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI486,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._NI488  coded_by=81673..82803,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. NI488,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_93/2  coded_by=complement(544194..545324),organism=Brucella abortus 93/2,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_I103_(UK3/01)  coded_by=complement(836838..837968),organism=Brucella abortus I103_(UK3/01),definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._2_str._63/9  coded_by=complement(52312..53442),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 2 str. 63/9,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK22/06  coded_by=complement(570298..571428),organism=Brucella melitensis UK22/06,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_sp._UK5/01  coded_by=87510..88640,organism=Brucella sp. UK5/01,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_sp._UK38/05  coded_by=78188..79318,organism=Brucella sp. UK38/05,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK19/04  coded_by=complement(562966..564096),organism=Brucella melitensis UK19/04,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_R3/07-2  coded_by=complement(518645..519775),organism=Brucella melitensis R3/07-2,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F3/02  coded_by=complement(208915..210045),organism=Brucella melitensis F3/02,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F6/05-6  coded_by=complement(339922..341052),organism=Brucella melitensis F6/05-6,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F10/05-2  coded_by=complement(98041..99171),organism=Brucella melitensis F10/05-2,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ceti_TE28753-12  coded_by=complement(1010148..1011278),organism=Brucella ceti TE28753-12,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_64/150  coded_by=complement(208913..210043),organism=Brucella melitensis 64/150,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_66/59  coded_by=complement(569778..570908),organism=Brucella melitensis 66/59,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_1076  coded_by=complement(562081..563211),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 1076,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_290  coded_by=complement(270058..271188),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 290,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_CNGB_1120  coded_by=complement(562090..563220),organism=Brucella melitensis CNGB 1120,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI649  coded_by=complement(768761..769891),organism=Brucella abortus NI649,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F5/07-239A  coded_by=complement(353649..354779),organism=Brucella melitensis F5/07-239A,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F2/06-6  coded_by=complement(86393..87523),organism=Brucella melitensis F2/06-6,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI639  coded_by=complement(184135..185265),organism=Brucella abortus NI639,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI622  coded_by=complement(885959..887089),organism=Brucella abortus NI622,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI645  coded_by=complement(544688..545818),organism=Brucella abortus NI645,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI628  coded_by=complement(68428..69558),organism=Brucella abortus NI628,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI593  coded_by=complement(836955..838085),organism=Brucella abortus NI593,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI613  coded_by=complement(247041..248171),organism=Brucella abortus NI613,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI518  coded_by=complement(885974..887104),organism=Brucella abortus NI518,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI633  coded_by=complement(158857..159987),organism=Brucella abortus NI633,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI492  coded_by=complement(885982..887112),organism=Brucella abortus NI492,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI388  coded_by=complement(886660..887790),organism=Brucella abortus NI388,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_LEVI237  coded_by=complement(1055326..1056456),organism=Brucella abortus LEVI237,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI274  coded_by=complement(999388..1000518),organism=Brucella abortus NI274,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI380  coded_by=complement(885966..887096),organism=Brucella abortus NI380,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI240  coded_by=complement(885982..887112),organism=Brucella abortus NI240,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_F3/07-1  coded_by=complement(885876..887006),organism=Brucella abortus F3/07-1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_levi_gila  coded_by=complement(924351..925481),organism=Brucella abortus levi gila,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_F1/06_B1  coded_by=complement(885936..887066),organism=Brucella abortus F1/06 B1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_F3/01-300  coded_by=complement(885861..886991),organism=Brucella abortus F3/01-300,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_752  coded_by=complement(885498..886628),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 752,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_759  coded_by=complement(768885..770015),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 759,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_966  coded_by=complement(885990..887120),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 966,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_436  coded_by=complement(250673..251803),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 436,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_1011  coded_by=complement(885913..887043),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 1011,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_93/1  coded_by=complement(885999..887129),organism=Brucella abortus 93/1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_88/226  coded_by=complement(998962..1000092),organism=Brucella abortus 88/226,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_308  coded_by=complement(885956..887086),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 308,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_CNGB_1432  coded_by=complement(884882..886012),organism=Brucella abortus CNGB 1432,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_88/19  coded_by=complement(68417..69547),organism=Brucella abortus 88/19,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_F2/06-8  coded_by=complement(246802..247932),organism=Brucella abortus F2/06-8,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._2_str._86/8/59  coded_by=complement(832031..833161),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 2 str. 86/8/59,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_863/67  coded_by=complement(227148..228278),organism=Brucella abortus 863/67,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_90/50  coded_by=complement(184100..185230),organism=Brucella abortus 90/50,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_85/140  coded_by=complement(246023..247153),organism=Brucella abortus 85/140,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_80/108  coded_by=complement(895541..896671),organism=Brucella abortus 80/108,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_67/781  coded_by=complement(250604..251734),organism=Brucella abortus 67/781,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_80/102  coded_by=complement(544447..545577),organism=Brucella abortus 80/102,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_64/122  coded_by=complement(544148..545278),organism=Brucella abortus 64/122,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_63/59  coded_by=complement(236184..237314),organism=Brucella abortus 63/59,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_sp._UK40/99  coded_by=84129..85259,organism=Brucella sp. UK40/99,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_sp._63/311  coded_by=complement(288888..290018),organism=Brucella sp. 63/311,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_sp._56/94  coded_by=complement(203340..204470),organism=Brucella sp. 56/94,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_sp._F5/06  coded_by=complement(130805..131935),organism=Brucella sp. F5/06,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK29/05  coded_by=complement(791972..793102),organism=Brucella melitensis UK29/05,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK3/06  coded_by=complement(792088..793218),organism=Brucella melitensis UK3/06,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK31/99  coded_by=complement(272963..274093),organism=Brucella melitensis UK31/99,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK37/05  coded_by=complement(569791..570921),organism=Brucella melitensis UK37/05,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_sp._F8/99  coded_by=83864..84994,organism=Brucella sp. F8/99,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F9/05  coded_by=complement(570065..571195),organism=Brucella melitensis F9/05,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_Uk24/06  coded_by=complement(562741..563871),organism=Brucella melitensis Uk24/06,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F8/01-155  coded_by=complement(569829..570959),organism=Brucella melitensis F8/01-155,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK22/04  coded_by=complement(270296..271426),organism=Brucella melitensis UK22/04,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK23/06  coded_by=complement(562976..564106),organism=Brucella melitensis UK23/06,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F10/06-16  coded_by=complement(791957..793087),organism=Brucella melitensis F10/06-16,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F1/06_B10  coded_by=complement(270080..271210),organism=Brucella melitensis F1/06 B10,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_UK14/06  coded_by=complement(270082..271212),organism=Brucella melitensis UK14/06,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_R42-08  coded_by=complement(815759..816889),organism=Brucella abortus R42-08,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI495a  coded_by=complement(885990..887120),organism=Brucella abortus NI495a,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI422  coded_by=complement(886031..887161),organism=Brucella abortus NI422,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_BG2_(S27)  coded_by=complement(569725..570855),organism=Brucella melitensis BG2 (S27),definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_F10/05-11  coded_by=complement(769760..770890),organism=Brucella abortus F10/05-11,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_NI352  coded_by=complement(836839..837969),organism=Brucella abortus NI352,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_F10/06-3  coded_by=complement(801172..802302),organism=Brucella abortus F10/06-3,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_877/67  coded_by=complement(544146..545276),organism=Brucella abortus 877/67,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_88/217  coded_by=complement(245866..246996),organism=Brucella abortus 88/217,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_85/69  coded_by=complement(1148070..1149200),organism=Brucella abortus 85/69,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_84/26  coded_by=complement(769259..770389),organism=Brucella abortus 84/26,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_F5/04-7  coded_by=complement(245964..247094),organism=Brucella abortus F5/04-7,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_64/81  coded_by=complement(768765..769895),organism=Brucella abortus 64/81,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_67/93  coded_by=complement(814747..815877),organism=Brucella abortus 67/93,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_64/108  coded_by=complement(885927..887057),organism=Brucella abortus 64/108,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_63/168  coded_by=complement(837425..838555),organism=Brucella abortus 63/168,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_65/157  coded_by=complement(543429..544559),organism=Brucella abortus 65/157,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_63/294  coded_by=complement(245830..246960),organism=Brucella abortus 63/294,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_63/144  coded_by=complement(815316..816446),organism=Brucella abortus 63/144,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_63/138  coded_by=complement(815273..816403),organism=Brucella abortus 63/138,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_544  coded_by=complement(544654..545784),organism=Brucella abortus 544,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_63/130  coded_by=complement(681930..683060),organism=Brucella abortus 63/130,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_355/78  coded_by=complement(815292..816422),organism=Brucella abortus 355/78,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_225/65  coded_by=complement(768528..769658),organism=Brucella abortus 225/65,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_RB51-AHVLA  coded_by=complement(885984..887114),organism=Brucella abortus RB51-AHVLA,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_B115  coded_by=complement(562325..563455),organism=Brucella melitensis B115,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_F15/06-7  coded_by=complement(270041..271171),organism=Brucella melitensis F15/06-7,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_A13334  coded_by=complement(1079456..1080586),organism=Brucella abortus A13334,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_M28  coded_by=241050..242180,organism=Brucella melitensis M28,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._1_str._9-941  coded_by=complement(929160..930290),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 1 str. 9-941,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_M5-90  coded_by=241054..242184,organism=Brucella melitensis M5-90,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._1_str._16M  coded_by=complement(1028114..1029244),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_65/63  coded_by=complement(227111..228241),organism=Brucella abortus 65/63,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_microti_CCM_4915  coded_by=242577..243707,organism=Brucella microti CCM 4915,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_89-2646-1238  coded_by=complement(227532..228662),organism=Brucella abortus 89-2646-1238,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_99-9971-135  coded_by=complement(2421..3551),organism=Brucella abortus 99-9971-135,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_02-7258  coded_by=complement(269904..271034),organism=Brucella melitensis 02-7258,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_BC95  coded_by=complement(27990..29120),organism=Brucella abortus BC95,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_02-5863-1  coded_by=complement(569883..571013),organism=Brucella melitensis 02-5863-1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_ADMAS-G1  coded_by=complement(809403..810533),organism=Brucella melitensis ADMAS-G1,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_11-1823-3434  coded_by=complement(272776..273906),organism=Brucella melitensis 11-1823-3434,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_03-2770-11  coded_by=complement(885991..887121),organism=Brucella abortus 03-2770-11,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_90-12178  coded_by=242028..243158,organism=Brucella abortus 90-12178,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_90-12178  coded_by=242028..243158,organism=Brucella abortus 90-12178,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_99-9971-159  coded_by=complement(544536..545666),organism=Brucella abortus 99-9971-159,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_ATCC_23457  coded_by=240971..242101,organism=Brucella melitensis ATCC 23457,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_03-4923-239-D  coded_by=80852..81982,organism=Brucella abortus 03-4923-239-D,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_01-4165  coded_by=complement(250037..251167),organism=Brucella abortus 01-4165,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_07-0994-2411  coded_by=complement(245730..246860),organism=Brucella abortus 07-0994-2411,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_S19  coded_by=complement(928415..929545),organism=Brucella abortus S19,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_S19  coded_by=complement(6157..7287),organism=Brucella abortus S19,definition=NirK
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(542352..543482),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=83599..84729,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=346282..347412,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=148576..149706,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(183734..184864),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(49608..50738),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(246323..247453),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(227134..228264),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(81538..82668),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(544043..545173),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=242174..243304,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_pinnipedialis_B2/94  coded_by=242750..243880,organism=Brucella pinnipedialis B2/94,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=339096..340226,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=340256..341386,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(227134..228264),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=80673..81803,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(227134..228264),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_104M  coded_by=complement(1079778..1080908),organism=Brucella abortus 104M,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(544121..545251),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=156391..157521,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(542712..543842),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=156421..157551,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(184127..185257),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=338870..340000,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_2308  coded_by=complement(923917..925047),organism=Brucella abortus 2308,definition=Multicopper oxidase, type 1:Copper-containing nitrite reductase:Twin-arginine translocation pathway signal
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._1_str._16M  coded_by=188431..189561,organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._3_str._Ether  coded_by=complement(1102531..1103661),organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 3 str. Ether,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis_bv._2_str._63/9  coded_by=713824..714954,organism=Brucella melitensis bv. 2 str. 63/9,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_pinnipedialis  coded_by=complement(139822..140952),organism=Brucella pinnipedialis,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=complement(130340..131470),organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=85441..86571,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._6_str._870  coded_by=complement(122727..123857),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 6 str. 870,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=1070763..1071893,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._9_str._C68  coded_by=complement(863574..864704),organism=Brucella abortus bv. 9 str. C68,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=841542..842672,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=272801..273931,organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_bv._4_str._292  coded_by=80524..81654,organism=Brucella abortus bv. 4 str. 292,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus  coded_by=complement(893819..894949),organism=Brucella abortus,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_abortus_544  coded_by=complement(135094..136224),organism=Brucella abortus 544,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=26333..27463,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ceti_TE10759-12  coded_by=complement(1010454..1011584),organism=Brucella ceti TE10759-12,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=complement(28167..29297),organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_melitensis  coded_by=75920..77050,organism=Brucella melitensis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Corynebacterium_aurimucosum_ATCC_700975  coded_by=1176557..1177870,organism=Corynebacterium aurimucosum ATCC 700975,definition=putative membrane protein
msllaviglavfnsatgkqdpatvasadavtvdvsvdgmafvpsaidvaagshlvvnftntgdqvhdlkigreetgrvepgetvqldagvieesvegyctiaghkmqgmtfmvnvdesssgehdhagasestgsagapatvpsaaermaaregfeafdaslapakgelheetwvmteeemevapgvrqtrwlfngqapgptlrgkvgdkfritiknegsmghsvdfhageinpdknmktiqpgesltyefvahragiwmyhcstmpmslhiangmagavvidprgedaladvdaeyimtasevflasagkeaeganaqrvsdgdydltafnyypnqydeglaplrakvgdtvriwlvnlgpdlplsfhvvgeqfdtvykegaylikgakdsgsqaldllpaqggfvemtfnepgtysfvnhlmtnaekgqhgqfive
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_171_str._F0337  coded_by=<1..1411,organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 171 str. F0337,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
tpgggaaaassggllqsadrrgilmglltagaavvvgsvignrgqggaaqdvsptgntvnatikveglrfvpdtvdvtpgdrlvitldntadqvhdlvlatgqttgriaarakgtldagivagpiegwcsiaghraqgmvfhvtaggasagghqhgggqskhtgsgndavpdysarlpadfkafdaalppapaspdggpmthrhtftvkeqvmqvgagvtqrrltfngqvpgpvlrgkvgdtfeitlvndgtmshsldfhagitppdkamrsinpgeslvytfkaqhsgiwlyhcstspmslhlaagmhgaviidppglpavdreyaivasevylgpeggepntdkiaaktpdlmtfngvafqyhqqplkakvgervrfwvmaagpslptpfhvvglqfdqvffegawtlggpgqignawsggsqalglqpaqggfvecvasepghyafvshsfadmekgahgvlevsp
>Achromobacter_cycloclastes  coded_by=475..1611,organism=Achromobacter cycloclastes,definition=precursor of nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhendyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
>Ensifer_sp._Root558  coded_by=28438..29574,organism=Ensifer sp. Root558,definition=nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhendyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
>Ensifer_sp._Root1312  coded_by=245945..247081,organism=Ensifer sp. Root1312,definition=nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhendyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
>Ensifer_sp._Root954  coded_by=246170..247306,organism=Ensifer sp. Root954,definition=nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhendyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
>Ensifer_sp._Root1298  coded_by=245939..247075,organism=Ensifer sp. Root1298,definition=nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhendyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
>Ensifer_sp._Root423  coded_by=complement(454143..455279),organism=Ensifer sp. Root423,definition=nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhendyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
>Ensifer_sp._Root74  coded_by=246030..247166,organism=Ensifer sp. Root74,definition=nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhendyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
>Ensifer_adhaerens  coded_by=complement(81918..83054),organism=Ensifer adhaerens,definition=nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhendyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Mesorhizobium_amorphae_CCNWGS0123  coded_by=complement(5017..6144),organism=Mesorhizobium amorphae CCNWGS0123,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
maeakememltrreallgtvltaaavatvgampavanakdvaglprekvtlvpppfvhahdqvakggpkvveftmtieekpmiidadgtqlnamtyngsvpgplmvvhegdyleltlinpetntlahnidfhaatgalgggeltlvnpgeqvtlrfkatrsgtfvyhcapggsmipwhvvsgmsgavmvlprdglkddkgkpvhydriyyigendfyiprdekgqfkkyesagdnyddtmkvmrglipthvvfngkagsltgdnamkakvgetilivhsqanrdtrphligghgdfvweqgkfanppakdletwfirggsagaalytflqpgiyayvnhnlieavelgasahftvegnwdddlmmqveapkaias
>Aspergillus_fumigatus_Af293  coded_by=129373..130644,organism=Aspergillus fumigatus Af293,definition=multicopper oxidase, putative
mskyvlfgrpwprrgppwqrlslprrspalikplstgttpkptssrpngrlqvwpwlagpilgvslflsahrrpmqletdtglqrgnltrdesqddidlpkedailttapnvpppitrtrpvllhvplttatktrqltsqykydtwtfndtvpgpfirarvgdvveltltnhdlsgnphnidchaftgpgggaavttaeehetktarfkllypglfvyhcaaapvpvhiangmygliyvqpedgdalspvdreyyvmqsefyheppeiedngrpsstvefsypaalreepsavvfngsesaltrdrplkaktgesvriffgnagpnltssfhvigshfqhvfrdggvvdpparvlstvgvppggaaivdlkmivpgtytlvdhaifrmdkgavgylnvagaprpdilysqmppepcvgcklhp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1106a  coded_by=1932228..1933835,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1106a,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_BPC006  coded_by=1986533..1988140,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei BPC006,definition=multicopper oxidase domain-containing protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(239146..240753),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain-containing protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(234541..236148),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain-containing protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(236194..237801),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain-containing protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(110492..112099),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(700575..702182),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(2060732..2062339),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhleftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Rhodanobacter_thiooxydans_LCS2  coded_by=<1..1307,organism=Rhodanobacter thiooxydans LCS2,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
nypakviveleviekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknapdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghasqftfkalnqgiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglskvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrqkglqpfdmekaidehptyvlfngkegaltgdnalsaktnetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvqpeggtvaqhnvqttlipaggaaivefhtdvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilkvdgpedksiysgkevdsvylgdrsepnlkavttaakahaagtltkaeqiaagkqlftgtcsvchqangeglanvfpplaksdylaadpkramtivthgltgkitvngheydsvmppmsqltddevaniltyvlnswgnpggqiskeevakaraeatpaaapeh
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=149259..150371,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mmtrrdtllsaavtalllsaptvaaaaaeddvsklprqkvelvappfvhahqqatkdgpkvvefkmvvqekevvidedgtkfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyveltlvnpatntmphnidfhastgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrfkadrsgvfvyhcapggnmipwhvvsgmngaimvlprdglkdrsgkplrydrvyyigeqdmyvpkdqngkykayaspaesyvdtaevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgknampakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwetgkfanppetnletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieaielgatahfkvdgkwnddlmkqvsapgpipggptn
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_Pakistan_9  coded_by=26433..28040,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei Pakistan 9,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldithtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=27569..29176,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain-containing protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldithtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=605469..607076,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephpppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldithtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_305  coded_by=233143..234750,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 305,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
mtarapappgktraghephsppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalyvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrdmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR520  coded_by=490365..491972,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR520,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephsppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalyvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrdmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR305  coded_by=1590513..1592120,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR305,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephsppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalyvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrdmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2986876..2988483,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mtarapappgktraghephsppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalyvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrdmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvatdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldvskmnadvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgaladsgrkvvefnltgesvslpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpingynklmvektsvsngkvtmdrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagkmfghqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldvskmnadvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgaladsgrkvvefnltgesvslpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpingynklmvektsvsngkvtmdrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagkmfghqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldvskmnadvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgaladsgrkvvefnltgesvslpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpingynklmvektsvsngkvtmdrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagkmfghqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldvskmnadvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgaladsgrkvvefnltgesvslpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpingynklmvektsvsngkvtmdrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagkmfghqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_338_str._F0234  coded_by=complement(111090..112532),organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 338 str. F0234,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkertrklmtlmafsvlfvacggeepkkettpiatvdipvegeavqaeltspphvpkpvgtrkamkikvdleiiekegeimdgtkylfwtfggtvpgsfirvrvgdeveftlknhqdnklphnidmhavtgpgggaeatlvapgeqrtftfkclspglfvyhcaqapvplhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytdgaygaggtqafnqdkalaetpdyvvfngrvgaltndgaltanpgetvrlfvgnggpnkvssfhvigeifdrvhvegaslinenvqttlipaggaaivefkvdvpgsyvivdhsiyrafnkgalgllvakgeenrkiygkndpkpyvsdlkiavtpknegtivaktkqqqiddgkavytktcvachqaqgqglegafpplaksdflnadvnraigivlhgktgkvtvngktyesamtpqplsvqevadvltyvyntwenskkvvtpemvqkvkdqk
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=complement(116900..117958),organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mqaigatgalavagclggdtqtdsgngdqsaaedeglpaaktvdvdriardptdipdpvdwneprehdvtirtervtaeiepgvtfdymtfegqvpgpmlrvrrgdrvnltfdvpddlnvaahnmdfhavygpgggadattiapgddptqisftadyagvfiyhcaipnmdqhissgmfgsilvepedglpevdnefylgqheiytdgdlgeeghhgfdfdamlkeeptyvvfngqaygftpdggvpmeantgetarvyfanggpnllsswhaignvwsrfyrdgdlltdpdrnvetapvapgttaaaemefpvpgpvkivdhaltraarrgalgvvdvsgeptrdiydedp
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=635860..636918,organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mqaigatgalavagclggdtqtdsgngdqsaaedeglpaaktvdvdriardptdipdpvdwneprehdvtirtervtaeiepgvtfdymtfegqvpgpmlrvrrgdrvnltfdvpddlnvaahnmdfhavygpgggadattiapgddptqisftadyagvfiyhcaipnmdqhissgmfgsilvepedglpevdnefylgqheiytdgdlgeeghhgfdfdamlkeeptyvvfngqaygftpdggvpmeantgetarvyfanggpnllsswhaignvwsrfyrdgdlltdpdrnvetapvapgttaaaemefpvpgpvkivdhaltraarrgalgvvdvsgeptrdiydedp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_668  coded_by=1998024..1999631,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 668,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
mtarapappgktraghgahsppaalgsrspcrraaaagaaetntggldmnpavdpsplsraaqvlalasiggalalgactsrpsgerydpsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqvtapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyhcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngrynsmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivefvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqqdhamp
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._BTAi1  coded_by=7149036..7150130,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mltrrtamfsaaiaammlaapavaedlklprqkvdlvappfvhaheqatkqgpkimefklvvqekkmvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyveltlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgrghalrydrvyyigeqdlyvprdekgnfksydspgeaytdteevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgknaltanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaanlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapadipagstn
>uncultured_bacterium_1062  coded_by=complement(9789..10937),organism=uncultured bacterium 1062,definition=putative nitrite reductase copper-containing NirK
mdgqdkvevsrrtllgaaafagvfgavlaavptqgeeagvatgpapdlsalprkrvellkppfvhthdqvavggpkvveftltieekalvldeygttvhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtnqlqhnidfhsatgalggggltlinpgeqvklrfkatragvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngaimvlpreglkdgagkplnydyvyyvgeqdfyvpkdaegnfktyesagdaysdmlevmktltpthevfngavgaltgdnamtanvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppqvdletwhipggcagaalytflqpgiyayvnhnlieavelgatahfkvggkwnddlmtqvqaptpidg
>Alcaligenes_sp._STC1  coded_by=525..1607,organism=Alcaligenes sp. STC1,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mkalrptllaaalivtlpaslahaqnadqlprakvalvappqvhpheqvakggpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfdgsmpgptlvvhegdyveltlvnpatnamphnvdfhaatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpdgkplrydrvytigefdlyipkdekgkykdyktlaesygdtvevmrkltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfgnppqknletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvylhlnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapgpipr
>Sulfobacillus_acidophilus_DSM_10332  coded_by=complement(3313757..3314719),organism=Sulfobacillus acidophilus DSM 10332,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mrttpwislavtaalaagltgcgtkgptssapsapstntmglgamnmgmaalnqpikpmtevrhgqnvtinmyteervvtiapgvrwaawtfdgtvpgpviqldqgdhvtlilhnidprmphsidlhaaqiapsanyvdvlpgqsrvirfvtevpgvfmyhcatqpdllhmekgmygeimvnpahttpvipqyhlvqsefysnwdallngsptyvtfngmadqyldhpltakvgqpvqfavvnagpnewsafhiigaimssvqpsgsvetvfhdlqtysiapgdgalitvtfqqpgtykflthsfrdvekgavgeivvtp
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiggqsldvskmnvdvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgaladsgrkvvefnltgesvslpimggktfnamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagvfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygltivdpvdgynklmvektavsngkvtldrqfydadalgftlqynqlyltpegnydagkmfghqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1710b  coded_by=659851..661314,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1710b,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain protein
mnsavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_sp._BGJ  coded_by=761672..763135,organism=Burkholderia sp. BGJ,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnsavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_sp._BGK  coded_by=658510..659973,organism=Burkholderia sp. BGK,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnsavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Candidatus_Jettenia_caeni  coded_by=complement(1051601..1052614),organism=Candidatus Jettenia caeni,definition=putative copper-type nitrite reductase
merrykkivcgmgaiallngltffthtvvahavdvisnvakdpadipgrisrscpktvtvnlvakevvadlapgkkfwfwtfaekkgdtvgpatvpgpmvrvmegdtvvinltndlhneephnldfhagfgamlmdiepgetdtltfkakregayiyhcgaegmpwehvaygmyglivvepkgglsrvdkefyigqgewyikpgiedhphirgysldedkalaehpdyftfnghtqalmdpsiygnaitvnqgdkvrlffvaggpnigsnfhiigqifdkfypghrrdfirneetayippgsaavfefkalatgdflivdhalfrvpkgaggllhvk
>Chloroflexus_aurantiacus_J-10-fl  coded_by=2156173..2157219,organism=Chloroflexus aurantiacus J-10-fl,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mvrsliiavlvtllagcataptptgvqmpvvptvapamevtnevmlpanavpapvgsrpaqtvtvelttrevvgylgdgstytfwtfngtvpgpmirvrvgdtvelsltnapdsqlphsidlhavtgpgggavatqvapgqtksfrfqalnpgvyvyhcatphipshiangmyglivvepegglppvdrefyimqgdfytqqdhgtkghltfnplavkdenptyivfngraggltgdnamkarvgetvrlfvgvggpnvssnfhvigeifdtvyveggslqnhnvqttlipaggaviiefkvevpgtyilvdhalsrsidkgaiakievsgdpnptvfdapelntagh
>Chloroflexus_sp._Y-400-fl  coded_by=2151634..2152680,organism=Chloroflexus sp. Y-400-fl,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mvrsliiavlvtllagcataptptgvqmpvvptvapamevtnevmlpanavpapvgsrpaqtvtvelttrevvgylgdgstytfwtfngtvpgpmirvrvgdtvelsltnapdsqlphsidlhavtgpgggavatqvapgqtksfrfqalnpgvyvyhcatphipshiangmyglivvepegglppvdrefyimqgdfytqqdhgtkghltfnplavkdenptyivfngraggltgdnamkarvgetvrlfvgvggpnvssnfhvigeifdtvyveggslqnhnvqttlipaggaviiefkvevpgtyilvdhalsrsidkgaiakievsgdpnptvfdapelntagh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldisqmdanvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgaladtgrnvvefnltgesvelpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvqmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmtalafdsvnpgetsqycyiaesagvfkyhcsgvhligmdqhvfsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrqfydadalefqlqfnqlylnedgnydagamfkhhnsatvvngiqfgyvpnmlhnillkgdanknifvaqpwnglelehmqsqlmyvendqhvrlfienhgneplyfhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqnmivdlvfd
>Bizionia_argentinensis_JUB59  coded_by=95484..96947,organism=Bizionia argentinensis JUB59,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkkqktikhvyspilllllavfftgcfddeektyessadipvnremiaeltspphvptpigdrkakklivkmeileeegemtdgvkymywtfggtvpgsfirtrvgdevefhlqnhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggaessfvapghskvfsfktlnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglapvdkeyyimqgdfytkgangerglqpfdmkkaideradyvvfngkvgsltgdnaitanvgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdrvhveggslvnenvqttlipaggaaivefrvdvpgslimvdhsifrafnkgalgmlnvtgeenkkiysgeirddiylpegpgiqtmpttdeiveadipaksfeeqmefgkqaymqtcfachqgegqgvptafpplansdylnadvdraigavlfgltgeitvngevynsvmtrqtlstdevanvmtyvynswgnsgqvvtremvekvknkk
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_354e  coded_by=15565..17025,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 354e,definition=multicopper oxidase
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfasgsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhaamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaiaafvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpallgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpdqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_7_str._AP76  coded_by=2322042..2323121,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 7 str. AP76,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkkslitlcfaaflagaplmaeqpnvenldlilvanlptveaeltvapnvpkplarntpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpeiytgktkeqkydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Halopiger_xanaduensis_SH-6  coded_by=complement(1838449..1839558),organism=Halopiger xanaduensis SH-6,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mtrrtqprsrrrflqtagsatalavagclgsgsdgdgddrstsddtetateasstaaasidvdriardptdipapvdwakprehditieterltaeiepgvtfdymtfegqvpgpmvrvrqgdrvnltfdvpdeinleahnmdfhavygpgggadattiapgddpaqisftaeyagvfiyhcaipnmdqhissgmfgsilvepedglpevdreyylgqheiytdgglgeeghhgfdfdamlaeqptyvvfngqaygftedgvgpmhaevgetarvyfanggpnllsswhpignvwsrfyrdgdlltepdrnietapvapgttaaaemefpvpgpvkivdhaltragrrgalavidvegeeqpevydpnp
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1012,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
tqiagqsldasklnmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqapgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmcgiaiidpidgykklmvektsvsngqvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwngiehkqyqsqllfvengqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsgatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_3_str._JL03  coded_by=2229634..2230713,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 3 str. JL03,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkkslialcfisffaaaplmaeqmkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvevqvsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpeiytgktkeqkydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Achromobacter_sp._SY8  coded_by=complement(136986..138068),organism=Achromobacter sp. SY8,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mnalrptllaaalaftmaggvafaqdadklprakvtlvappmvhpheqtaksgpkvveftmsieekkmvidgkgttlqamtfngsmpgptmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatnamphnvdfhaatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadragtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplrydraytigefdlyipkdangkykeyatlaesygdtvevmrkltpshivfngkvgaltgdnaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfnnppekdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapgpipr
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_HK2019  coded_by=complement(10973..12166),organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae HK2019,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mneqrrdffrnsalglatitlstgfslipsaqaeekasnvaatavedlpeieaeltlapnvpkpiernypakvvvkltaleqimdlmdgvqfkfwtlngsvpapfirvregdmvevqlsnsassmmphsldfhaapvpmggamasetpptrtstfqfralrsgiylyhcgsqpvdihlakgmyglvlvepkeglpkvdrefyimqsefytkgefgdpglqpfsmkkaiderpeyvlfngkvgstmdenalkaktgetirlfvgnagpnlcssfhligavfdnvyveggtlvnhnvqttlipsgsatmvetridvpgtyvfmdhsifravnkgtmghivvegeknpniysgklkdeafkeanpqkpqpvpyeidshkgmdmghshhehsdgnsgatrk
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_HK262  coded_by=54955..56148,organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae HK262,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mneqrrdffrnsalglatitlstgfslipsaqaeekasnvaatavedlpeieaeltlapnvpkpiernypakvvvkltaleqimdlmdgvqfkfwtlngsvpapfirvregdmvevqlsnsassmmphsldfhaapvpmggamasetpptrtstfqfralrsgiylyhcgsqpvdihlakgmyglvlvepkeglpkvdrefyimqsefytkgefgdpglqpfsmkkaiderpeyvlfngkvgstmdenalkaktgetirlfvgnagpnlcssfhligavfdnvyveggtlvnhnvqttlipsgsatmvetridvpgtyvfmdhsifravnkgtmghivvegeknpniysgklkdeafkeanpqkpqpvpyeidshkgmdmghshhehsdgnsgatrk
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_6  coded_by=complement(2399701..2400798),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6,definition=respiratory nitrite reductase
mftrraalisaaatalmlatptlaagdlklprqkvelvappfvhaheqattqspkivefklnieekkvviddkgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalggaeltlvnpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkghalkydkvyyvgeqdmyvprdekgkfksydspgeafteteevmkklipshvvfngkvgaltgknaltarvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapaeipapntn
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=149941..151038,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrite reductase
mftrraalisaaatalmlatptlaagdlklprqkvelvappfvhaheqattqspkivefklnieekkvviddkgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalggaeltlvnpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkghalkydkvyyvgeqdmyvprdekgkfksydspgeafteteevmkklipshvvfngkvgaltgknaltarvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapaeipapntn
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum  coded_by=complement(2420085..2421182),organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum,definition=nitrite reductase
mftrraalisaaatalmlatptlaagdlklprqkvelvappfvhaheqattqspkivefklnieekkvviddkgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalggaeltlvnpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkghalkydkvyyvgeqdmyvprdekgkfksydspgeafteteevmkklipshvvfngkvgaltgknaltarvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapaeipapntn
>Muricauda_ruestringensis_DSM_13258  coded_by=complement(2935718..2937157),organism=Muricauda ruestringensis DSM 13258,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mksilkilsialilsvygcfkskkkvytntedipvyremkaeltsppnvprpvgkrkpkklivemeilemegeltdgvryvfwtfggtvpgsfirtrvgdevefhlqnhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggaessfvapghekvfsfktlnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepdgglplvdkeyyimqgdfytkgangerglqpfdmqkavdenadyvvfngnvgaltgdnaitakvgetvrlfvgnggpglvssfhvigeifdkvhveggdlinenvqttmipaggaaiiefhvnvpgtfilvdhsifrafnkgalgmlkvegeeneniysgeqydgiylpegpgiqempttdgiveseipaknfeeqmkfgkqvymqtcfachqaegqgipnafpplaksdylnadinraidivlngktgeitvngqkynsvmtrqmlsseevanvltyvynswgnnntvvtadmvnkvknk
>Corynebacterium_accolens_ATCC_49726  coded_by=16115..17500,organism=Corynebacterium accolens ATCC 49726,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mlsvsspqpqdkppesgssqwaswlligialaavialalvnttskdsqpsssvaegethtidvevdgmafvpnhvdvdpgthlvvnftntgdqvhdlkigdaetgrvdpgdtvqldagvidssiegyctiaghrlqgmtfdvnvgdstpstgghdhhhhavagasnphvdvpsaaelgasregfkahdaslapaantttheetwsmteeivevapgvkqmqwlfngqapgptlrgkvgdkfkitiknegsmahsidfhagevspdenmksiqpgeeltyeftanragiwmyhcstapmslhiangmagnviidppdlkdvdaeynfiandvflgeektgadaqrvadgefdlmafnyypsqydvdpikakvgdtvrlwilnvgpdqplsfhvvgeqfdtaykegaylikdeektgsqafdllpaqggfvemtfnepgtysfvnhimtnaekgqhgkfvvte
>Chryseobacterium_gleum_ATCC_35910  coded_by=1286787..1287824,organism=Chryseobacterium gleum ATCC 35910,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkktfiiatvlsafislnsckqnnstssennsdtekiktdgsveqqksvappnvpapvgdrvakkvvvrletiektgeladgtqynfwtfngtvpgsfirarvgdeielhlknnenntfphnidlhavngpgggaeatfvapgtekvfnfkalnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmygliliepegglpkvdkeyyimqgdfytkgkfgdkglqefdmdkaisehpeyvvfngktgallgdgelqakvgetvrffvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdrvymeggskinenvqttvippggasivefkatvpgeyvivdhaifrafnkgalgkikvtgpdnpavykknp
>Shewanella_loihica_PV-4  coded_by=complement(3978835..3980013),organism=Shewanella loihica PV-4,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mekqsstpavnvdqqrrsflsgsvglglvgagmaaglvsssasattqtksdrmanykaeqlarvtldlvpppmvpkhdqvakgkpkvvqvklvveekqvelengtkawvcafngsvpgplivchqhdfveltlvnpatnalahnidlhaatgalgggeltlvspgqevtfrfkatkagtfvyhcapggvmipwhvamgmhgaimvlprdglkdaegkpvkydkayyigeadfyvpkdangkykaydtvmgsmsevlevmktltpshvvfngavgaltgknamtakvgesvlfvhsqanrdtrphiigghgdyvwpagsftdapqtnletwmvaggsacaalytfrqpglyayvnhnlieaiikgaaahvkvdgewddnlmvqlkkpssiata
>Sphingomonas_wittichii_RW1  coded_by=2005496..2006419,organism=Sphingomonas wittichii RW1,definition=multicopper oxidase, type 3
mrksllfaasalmglafqpalskevklhltakevslpidnkgtmqaswtyegqvpgpllrvtegdtvtftltnaptnknshsidlhaarvdvikdfeaikpgetktfsfvathpgafyyhcgsdpmyqhiargmfgvilvdpkdpkalpkadreyvlvqsevyanpddlhsimkadwshvvfngvafkydpvhdpastkmlvakpgervrvyfinagpnefssfhpiaglwdavypsgnpqnrkvgmqsmvvgpgdgatfdlispveganvivdhamshahtgamavimfskdadpamgrgnlilvp
>Brucella_inopinata_BO1  coded_by=complement(4504..5634),organism=Brucella inopinata BO1,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=241408..242538,organism=Brucella canis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_63/252  coded_by=217009..218139,organism=Brucella suis 63/252,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_F7/05A  coded_by=882036..883166,organism=Brucella canis F7/05A,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_1172  coded_by=393477..394607,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 1172,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_1324  coded_by=478036..479166,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 1324,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_63/198  coded_by=168352..169482,organism=Brucella suis 63/198,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_79/122  coded_by=198078..199208,organism=Brucella canis 79/122,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_CNGB_513  coded_by=148965..150095,organism=Brucella canis CNGB 513,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_str._Oliveri  coded_by=241432..242562,organism=Brucella canis str. Oliveri,definition=Brucella canis str. Oliveri chromosome II, genome
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_UK10/02  coded_by=198111..199241,organism=Brucella canis UK10/02,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_96-7258  coded_by=168312..169442,organism=Brucella canis 96-7258,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_04-2330-1  coded_by=197863..198993,organism=Brucella canis 04-2330-1,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_ATCC_23365  coded_by=241417..242547,organism=Brucella canis ATCC 23365,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis_HSK_A52141  coded_by=complement(553071..554201),organism=Brucella canis HSK A52141,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=168194..169324,organism=Brucella canis,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=343193..344323,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_canis  coded_by=1155436..1156566,organism=Brucella canis,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis  coded_by=236283..237413,organism=Brucella suis,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalggggltginpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltaklgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgavahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=complement(703384..704823),organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=putative copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkllsllgmslllaagpqvyaaeevtgqeeailtdapqvppqitrkhatkvivnlevketkmrladgveyvfwtyggkvpgkfirvregdevefhlnnhpsskvphnidlhavtgqgggagasftapghssvfsfkalnpglyvyhcatapvamhiangmyglilvepkegmskvdkelyvmqgdfytkgragepglqpfdmekavderpsyvvfngsvgsiagdnalkakvgetvrmyfgvggpnlssnfhiigeifdkvypeggtkfvnenvqttivppggatvvefkvdvpatyvlvdhaltrafnkgalgmlkvdgpenkviysgkqndavyqpegsgiqemdgnapapvlakntkdrikfgerifgnnclachqangggikgafpplansdflnadknraiqtvvhgrageivvngdkfnavmpaqvlsdedianvltyvydswgnskkvitpaevkairavkpepvkqssaeh
>Nitrosococcus_halophilus_Nc_4  coded_by=1069096..1070058,organism=Nitrosococcus halophilus Nc 4,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mhnkfkltnktaavlfavanfvfvaqvafakevkvkfevketevvidnkgtqysawtyngtipgpvvrvtegdvvdfelvnpesnqqshsldfhaavvdvlneledvrpghskhftfkakypgvfiyhcgaatmaqhiargmfgviivdpkegysndfpkpdreyvlvqsqyfpdagdkdamienrdwtaslingkifhydpvhdenatltlqsepgervriyfvnaninmpvalhpiagiwdrvyvngnpknvlygvqthniavatgdmldivspadrptnnaivdhtmsaamrgaitllmnapgvdptlgkgdkillr
>Azospirillum_sp._B510  coded_by=complement(248802..249869),organism=Azospirillum sp. B510,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mktkislvtvsaaalmllsgigaasaadtlyadpkvkqptlsvvqdpaavpapekagkrapktqkvsltttevesklddgtsytywtfnntvpgpmvrvrvgdtvdvsitnapestmnhsvdfhaatgflgggqitqvepgqtkafsfkaltpgvyvyhcatpmvvhhiskgmyglivvepegglppvdhefyvmqqeiyatkaknlanaeddydglvnerpsylvfngtvgaltkdkplkakvgetvrlffgvggpnltssfhvigeifdkvytlgglesepakgiqtvtvapggatmvefkvdypgkyalvdhalsratkgligilevegkaddgiildktgdsrkqlgemqh
>Actinomyces_urogenitalis_DSM_15434  coded_by=6295..7656,organism=Actinomyces urogenitalis DSM 15434,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mllglvstgaavvagaaastwrqwsgdrgtrdvvaatgrtvettlrvegmrfvpdtvqvqagdrlvitldntsdqvhdlvldtgattgrvsaggsarlevglvtgplqgwcsiaghraqgmvmqvvvgaaasgtdapadhedhgaqvsptvdlqaplpegfapyeaalvpsshdsvhrvtftvteveqayvgagvyqtrwtyngtapgpilrgkvgdtfevtlvnggtmshsidfhagivspdkpmrsigpgeslvytftaqhsgiwlyhcstapmslhlasgmygaviidpdglaevdreylliqaetylgldsgqqeeqtatstamtdkiaaktpdlvcfngvafqyalaplqaragerirlwvldagpslptsfhvvglqfdtvfaegtyllggpqeigrawhggsqalalqpaqggfveavvpaaghyamvthvfadmdkgakgileav
>Nitrobacter_hamburgensis_X14  coded_by=complement(3616694..3617644),organism=Nitrobacter hamburgensis X14,definition=multicopper oxidase, type 3
mttaglrksaitggiatalilagaaitaaqaktvkveltakevtvpvdneghtmaawtynghvpgplirategdtieftlkndaankkshsidmhsasadvltefasikpgetktfsyvpehagvffyhcgsdpmiqhiargmigaviidpkdpnampkadreyvliehqifenpedvdsmmankwkrdafnavpfqydpvhdehatqtleakpgervriymvnagpnefsgfhpiagiwdriypsgnpknvmvgmqnytlapgdaatfdlispkegayalvnhsmraalsgaiaiimfsekadptmghgdkilvr
>Mesorhizobium_opportunistum_WSM2075  coded_by=6201974..6203080,organism=Mesorhizobium opportunistum WSM2075,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mitrrealfgaalgaaavaalpalsatvtkaeirglprekitlmappfvhphdqiaksgpkiveftmtieekpvvidadgtklnamtyngsipgplmvvhqddyleltlinpdtnslahnidfhaatgglggggltlinpgeqvtlrfkatrtgtfvyhcapggamipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglrndkgepvkydkifyigesdfyiprdekgnfksyesagdgyddtvkvmrglipthvvfngkvgsltgdnamkskvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwelgkfanppakdletwfirggsagaalytflqpgvyayvnhnlieavelgatahfkvegdwnddlmtqveapkpiain
>Shewanella_amazonensis_SB2B  coded_by=3210736..3211917,organism=Shewanella amazonensis SB2B,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mkneqqsiehgvdtnrrqflggsvgaglvglglasglmssqanattagnkaksdrmanytadqlervkqelvpppmvpkhdqvatgkpkvievrleveekqielengvfawvcafngsvpgplivchqhdyveltlvnpktnvlshnidlhsatgalgggeltlvapgqevtfrfkatkagtfvyhcapggimipwhvamgmhgaimvlpreglsdgdgnplhydrayyigeadfyvpkdaqgnykrynqlmesmeevlttmktllpshivfnggvgaltgkhampakvgesvlfihsqanrdtrphiigghgdyvwaagsfadrpqrdletwmvaggsaaaalytfrqpglhayvnhnlieaimkgaaahikvdgewddnlmvqvrkpsaia
>Maribacter_sp._HTCC2170  coded_by=complement(3593310..3594770),organism=Maribacter sp. HTCC2170,definition=probable nitrite reductase
mrnlksifhrasialmgtlliascsesvpeakalkdastiaikgtmkaeltappfvpapvgdrpakklivnmeileevgtmtdgveyvywtfggsvpgsfirtrvgdeveftlsnhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggatssfvapghektfsfktlnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglpkvdkeyyimqgdfytkgeygesglqpfdmqkavdedadyvvfngkvgaltgdnaitanvgetvrlyvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdnvhieggsiinkdvqttsipaggaaivdfkvdvpgtfilvdhaifrafnkgalgmlkvngeedkklysgvmqegiynpeggaiqsmpndetekavatnktlaqkiesgkqlytntcfachqangegiasafpplaksdylnadvnraidivlhgktgeitvngvkynsvmtkqtlsdsevadvltyvynswgnnktniststvtqrrsah
>Hyphomicrobium_denitrificans_ATCC_51888  coded_by=complement(621751..623211),organism=Hyphomicrobium denitrificans ATCC 51888,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing protein
mifhrfgavvglmmaallsvpaahadqhqhmaqkaapaadapakkdksksheeektdptagahapvvftlrtgiaegrmvyigvggdidhkinptlvvhegetvqvnlvngegaqhdivvdqyaarsaivngknasstfsfvarkagefayycsiaghrqagmegniqvlpgnraemkssgvditrdpadlpgpigprqaktvridletvevkgqlddnttymywtfngkvpgpflrvrvgdtvelhlknhkdslmvhsvdfhgatgpggaaaftqtdpgeetvvtfkalipgiyvyhcatpsvpthitngmyglllvepegglpqvdrefyvmqgeiytvksfgtsgeqemdyeklinekpeyflfngsvgsltrshplyanagetvriyfgvggpnftssfhvigeifdhvyslgsvvsppligvqtvsvppggativdfkidragqyilvdhalsrlehglvgflnvdgpkndsimhegpakq
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi_CCNWXJ12-2  coded_by=18311..19417,organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi CCNWXJ12-2,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mftrrealigaamaaaaaaaipafpalaqpaadisalprqkvslvappfvhehdqvatggakvveftmtieekpividdegttlrgmtfngsipgpmmvvhqgdyveltlvnpeanemphnidfhaatgalgggalthvnpgeqvtlrfratrtgtfvyhcapegmipwhvvsgmsgtvmvlpreglkdekgeplrydriyyvgenefyiprdeagnyktfeslgesyadtlqvmrglvpthvvfngrvgsltgenalkskvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvweegkfanppakdletwfirggsagaalytflqpgvyayvnhnlieaaelgatahftvegewnddlmkqvdaprpivin
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>579,organism=uncultured organism,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
fvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkghalkydkiyyigeqdmyvprdekgnfksydspgeaftdteevmkklipthvvfngkvgaltgknaltanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapevgletwfirggsagaalykfqqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfqve
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_Po82  coded_by=47959..49458,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum Po82,definition=copa copper-resistance transmembrane precursor, cupredoxin domains
mcclqavrrlmraglvsvvlgalvaggmpagaaaklpgdlgpprgepiravlssppnvpppvnrgypakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvigpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkalhaktnetvrifvgnggpnmvssfhvigaifdqvryeggsnvqknvqttlipaggaaivkfttrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavtkaaqasasgtltvqdqvqagralftgtcsvchqsggaglpgvfpplaksdylaadpkraigvllhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggrisadevkqvraqpapakavaeh
>Halogeometricum_borinquense_DSM_11551  coded_by=complement(151840..152952),organism=Halogeometricum borinquense DSM 11551,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mfattrrrvlqalgvggtasvagcsgeaseateamtktaqstaqstskptvdkvaadptdipdpvdwsepkhhdvtletkevtaeiepgvtfnymtfdgqipgpmirvrqgdtvsftlknlpendmphnvdmhaiygtgggsvattaapgeenseqfkamypgayiyhcavpnldyhisagmfgiilvepkeglpevdrefyfgqhelytdkeagtkghhgfdfeamaredptyvllngekyayaaanrgplqanvgetarvfmvtggpnlqsnfhpignvwsdcfpngslsmephthiqtqvvppgstmvgtmempvperiklvdhalsrvarkgnlaeidvtgkkntdvfdpevdgsdegpiygggge
>Neisseria_flavescens_NRL30031/H210  coded_by=complement(18981..20162),organism=Neisseria flavescens NRL30031/H210,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasdsqaaaetpsselpvidaimthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyhywtfngdvpgqmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeatftapghtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggaaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegdenpeimtkklsdtvyqpagaaasapaaasaaapasaasadkggy
>Moraxella_catarrhalis  coded_by=3614..5170,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis,definition=AniA
malkkitgnlsirrthmskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_ATCC_43617  coded_by=1..>1556,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis ATCC 43617,definition=Msp78
malkkitgnlsirrthmskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_7169  coded_by=3622..5178,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 7169,definition=AniA
malkkitgnlsirrthmskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_O35E  coded_by=3623..5179,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis O35E,definition=AniA
malkkitgnlsirrthmskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Geobacillus_sp._G11MC16  coded_by=complement(487738..488796),organism=Geobacillus sp. G11MC16,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mnrnvyavlstvlaasllaacnsggeqvkaesknktaatqqsepnviaahkgvnqapvplkmervgphdvhiemtaqitdieidkgkiykawtfngqapgplvvvnegdtihftlknmdpvvphsmdfhavhaspskdfidvmpnksgtftypankpgvfmyhcgtkpvlqhiangmhgviivkpkngyptdkevdreyvliqnewykyndmndfqngvpsyvvfsskalkpgdpntngdtftlkekpllakvgekirlyinnvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddvyldgnpnnhlqgmqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgtypivthqfnhaqkgavamlkvtetgeddgtetsgh
>Geobacillus_thermodenitrificans_NG80-2  coded_by=726332..727390,organism=Geobacillus thermodenitrificans NG80-2,definition=Nitrite reductase
mnrnvyavlstvlaasllaacnsggeqvkaesknktaatqqsepnviaahkgvnqapvplkmervgphdvhiemtaqitdieidkgkiykawtfngqapgplvvvnegdtihftlknmdpvvphsmdfhavhaspskdfidvmpnksgtftypankpgvfmyhcgtkpvlqhiangmhgviivkpkngyptdkevdreyvliqnewykyndmndfqngvpsyvvfsskalkpgdpntngdtftlkekpllakvgekirlyinnvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddvyldgnpnnhlqgmqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgtypivthqfnhaqkgavamlkvtetgeddgtetsgh
>Geobacillus_sp._PA-3  coded_by=169463..170521,organism=Geobacillus sp. PA-3,definition=nitrite reductase
mnrnvyavlstvlaasllaacnsggeqvkaesknktaatqqsepnviaahkgvnqapvplkmervgphdvhiemtaqitdieidkgkiykawtfngqapgplvvvnegdtihftlknmdpvvphsmdfhavhaspskdfidvmpnksgtftypankpgvfmyhcgtkpvlqhiangmhgviivkpkngyptdkevdreyvliqnewykyndmndfqngvpsyvvfsskalkpgdpntngdtftlkekpllakvgekirlyinnvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddvyldgnpnnhlqgmqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgtypivthqfnhaqkgavamlkvtetgeddgtetsgh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvdvmeqihamgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalensgrkvvefnlegysvelpimggktynamtfdgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipdwevtghgndmhasqitagafesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagifkyhcsgvklvgmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfysadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvlgdtnknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqlmfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldmtqmdvnvmdqirhmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgvlessgrnvvgfnltgesvelpimggktynamtfseqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmsashfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdtnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfienqgnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldtskmdanvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafavtdcgalaetgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktfnamtfsgevpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesinpgesxtycyiaesagifkyhcsgvhligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvngykklavekttvsngkvsldrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdanknifvaqpwnglelkqyqsqplfvennqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsgatetwmlggsqgmivdlvfd
>Neisseria_elongata_subsp._glycolytica_ATCC_29315  coded_by=complement(2592..3821),organism=Neisseria elongata subsp. glycolytica ATCC 29315,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkrqtlaalitsafvlaacngqqqaaqkpaaqetpvaasstpsapdvapqtaeadvpvdqlpvidavvthapevppavnrdhaalvkvkmetiektmkmadgvdytywtfngdvpgqmirvregdtvevefsnnpnstvphnvdfhastgpgggaaatftapgrtstfrwkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhigngmyglvlvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkygepglqpfdmdkairedadyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakvgetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstlipaggaamiefkvdipgsftivdhsifrafnkgalgqlvvegedhpevmtkklsdeaykgtgaaagaasgasgasapaapassasgssnpyggeegh
>Neisseria_elongata_subsp._glycolytica_ATCC_29315  coded_by=complement(560488..561717),organism=Neisseria elongata subsp. glycolytica ATCC 29315,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqtlaalitsafvlaacngqqqaaqkpaaqetpvaasstpsapdvapqtaeadvpvdqlpvidavvthapevppavnrdhaalvkvkmetiektmkmadgvdytywtfngdvpgqmirvregdtvevefsnnpnstvphnvdfhastgpgggaaatftapgrtstfrwkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhigngmyglvlvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkygepglqpfdmdkairedadyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakvgetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstlipaggaamiefkvdipgsftivdhsifrafnkgalgqlvvegedhpevmtkklsdeaykgtgaaagaasgasgasapaapassasgssnpyggeegh
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_178_str._F0338  coded_by=544..1986,organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 178 str. F0338,definition=hypothetical protein
madqkprpknpagdadplsrtamgvmglvcvaalalavflsnpsspgaqtaagtgtaaggaaqvaptghttevavgvsgfaftpnrievpagdrlvinftntgdqrhdlvlpngaesgalapgasatldagvvsadmegwcsipahrehgmtltitavgapsaagggdhsghadhsghaghqaatggpataqeleehaaaveardpvlppadpaterhytftategtidvtdtltrahwtfngtspgpilrgrigdtfhitlvnngtmshsldfhaglvspdqnmrsidpgetleytftaanagiwlyhcstapmsmhiangmfgavvidptdlgavdheyvmianelylgqdgqsadasllsalqpnamafngtpfqykahpiqvktgervrvwvmdagpnlpltyhvvgtqfdtvwregayvirgggsgggwgqvlalgaaeggfveftpleaghytfvnhalslaekgqtgvfevtd
>Geobacillus_kaustophilus_HTA426  coded_by=790787..791851,organism=Geobacillus kaustophilus HTA426,definition=nitrite reductase
mkqrmssllsvalaasllaacsnggggeakaenkngtaattqqsaanmlaahkgvnqapvplkmervgphdvhiemtaqitdieidkgkiykawtfngqapgplvvvnegdtihftlknmdpvvphsmdfhavhaspskdfidvmpnksgtftypankpgvfmyhcgtkpvlqhiangmhgviivkpkngyptdkevdreyvliqnewykyndmndfqngvpsyvvfsskalkpgdpntngdtftlkekpllakvgekirlyinnvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddvyldgnpnnhlqgmqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgtypivthqfnhaqkgavamlkvtetgeddgsetsgh
>Psychrobacter_sp._1501(2011)  coded_by=2645..4162,organism=Psychrobacter sp. 1501(2011),definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mlisnlqsskkphlysklalacllamgtvglvgcddkaadndtdqaastatnesaqhdstakgelpvidailtsapevpppidrdypakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveynfwtfdgtvpgsfirvregdeiefhlsnhpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggaassftspghtsefnftalkpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyvmqgdfytkgdygdkglqpfdmekavkedadyvvfngsvgsltgdnslkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnlissfhvigeifdkvnieggltenhnvqttlipaggaaitefkldvpgeyvmvdhsifrafnkgalgilavdgpedkkiysgkvreqvylpegsaaqsignsntpkpkvtaknlqqrikmgesvyasncaachqpngtgvpnafpplaksdylnadpnraidaihnglsgkitvngkeynsvmpavnlddektanvvtyilnswgnkggeitpedvaark
>uncultured_bacterium_1116  coded_by=complement(17..1147),organism=uncultured bacterium 1116,definition=putative nitrite reductase copper-containing NirK
mlkslvmagaalaafaaagpaladdlklprqkvelvappfvhkhdqvakdgpkivefmltivekqieidgekttipamtfdgsipgplmvvhegdyveltlvnpatnamphnidfhsatggmgggeltlvnpgeravlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmtpwhvvsgmsgavmvlprnglsdgqgkslrydriyyvgendfyvprdekgkyksyasagesfadtmevmrklipthivfngkvgaltgdkamtakvgetvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwetgkfankperdletwfirggsagaalytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieavelgavahfkvtgtwnddlmkqirppepipakptgavpapgklvptkn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>591,organism=uncultured organism,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
fvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgeghalkydkiyyigeqdmyvprdekgnfksydspgeafteteevmkkltpthvvfngkvgaltgknaltanvgenvlivrsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfgnapevgletwfilggsagaalykfqqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfqvegkwn
>Halomicrobium_mukohataei_DSM_12286  coded_by=complement(969177..970271),organism=Halomicrobium mukohataei DSM 12286,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mssiprstrrrvlkalgvggtaalagctapsnqeatevsttdratpqepsmnpaketdvdriaadptdipdpidrdepktvevelttkelvaevepgvtytymafedqipgpmirvrrgdtvemtvtneegnsmphnidlhavrgpgggaeasmvapgetetfrfkatypgsfiyhcavpnldmhissgmfglilvepkdglpevdhefyfgqhelyttgetgeeghhdfdmeamaaeeptyvlmngekyaitpdgygspsidvgdtarvyfvsggpnlmssyhpigsvwdkvwqqgsiagepnrfvettpvppgstaittlhaevpgpiklvdhalsrvarkgfmavimregdeqtdvfdpep
>Nitrococcus_mobilis_Nb-231  coded_by=8809..>9746,organism=Nitrococcus mobilis Nb-231,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mawlqlikafarrfvilgprllfllavcpgiaskakepppankatpiqsiqspaknrtkqlyikeisrhpsdlppsanytlykdgayskpvkhrhgtltieahfkiqevvaeiakgttlefwtfngkipgpmiraragdkidfylhnpknntfshnvdfhavtgpgggaanlntlpgstshirvkllkpgiylyhcaappipihiehglyglvvveprkglrdvdheyylmqsefytplggdkvatalknrghlshskeygvleeptfvvfngrpnaasgnrtlgvygdtvhvgdtirvfignigpnlisss
>Neisseria_lactamica_ATCC_23970  coded_by=674046..675218,organism=Neisseria lactamica ATCC 23970,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_lactamica_ATCC_23970  coded_by=25218..26390,organism=Neisseria lactamica ATCC 23970,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_lactamica_020-06  coded_by=complement(660642..661814),organism=Neisseria lactamica 020-06,definition=nitrite reductase, major outer membrane copper-containing protein
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Sphaerobacter_thermophilus_DSM_20745  coded_by=complement(170284..171387),organism=Sphaerobacter thermophilus DSM 20745,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
marihlskrtlriaiaalsvvvlllgaaayglpgisqpaadshaghaaaaasavepapadlvrmpqpevappvgdrgpqlvkveleakeivaeiddgvaykfwtfngtvpgpmirvregdtveltlknsldstaphnidlhavtgpgggaaattvspgkqatiqflamhpgvyvyhcatppvamhiangmyglivvepegglpqvdrefyvmqgdfylsgergekglhgfdmeqmlaenpdyvvfngsvgaltgdnalkaktgetvriffgvggpnltssfhvigevfdrvapegaaewvshvqttmvpaggativefqvevpgnytlvdhslgrlakgaagvlqvegpdnpevytviehgdqsggh
>Kingella_kingae_ATCC_23330  coded_by=complement(104466..105998),organism=Kingella kingae ATCC 23330,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkictlaaliasafaltacqqpqtsakpaepastkpaettaasspaqaapaqaasepevaaadlpvidavlthapeapppvnrnhaarvkvkieiqekvmrmadgveykfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdivdvefanrsdstvphnidfhaatgpgggaeasftapghvsnfsfkalqpglyiyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglppvdkefyvvqgdfytkgkygeaglqpfdmekaireqpdyvvfngnvgsiagdnalkakvgdkirlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdtvyveggalknhnvqttlvpaggaaivdfkvdvpgtynlvdhsifrtfnkgalgqikvegeenkdifsgkltegiyhseggaiqtapltasetakvaagpatasskedriklgetvykanclachgvegkgvegafpplaesdylnadykrgiqavvkglsgeitvngkkfnsvmpavalndedaanvltfvlnsfgnkggevkpeeiaaark
>Rhodanobacter_fulvus_Jip2  coded_by=complement(6252..7733),organism=Rhodanobacter fulvus Jip2,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
malaacsekpasggasevpfgsaaaaavtppesfgppqgepihavltspphvpppvnrnypakviveleviekempisegvsytywtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknapdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghasqftfkalnagiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekghqpfdmdkaidehptyvlfnghegaltgdnaltaktnetvrlfvgnggpnlissfhvigeifdrvqpeggthpqsnvqttlipaggaaivefhtdvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilkvdgpenklvysgkevdsvylgdraepnlhavtaaakanaagtltkedqikagqqlftgtcsvchqadgkgmtnvfpplaksdylvkqdrehlisiplhglhgkitvngvdydsvmppmsqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnaggqitkeevakvraqpapaaapeh
>Micromonospora_sp._L5  coded_by=4751818..4753170,organism=Micromonospora sp. L5,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
msartdapvprplggaavglalvlvavlvgvaaqrvsgdapvpaaatavtptghtttvtvvadgmrfhpdridvprgdrlvieltnrdnrrhdlvlasgartplltrggdarldagvigatvegwcslpahrqagmtlrivptgatvtaptgtavategtrprldamadpgaafvardatappappgrlhrrelhvrevvrevapgvrqrlwtfdgtvpgpvlrgrvgdtfeitlvndgtldhgidfhagavapdevmrpidpgqrltyrftatragiwmyhcstmpmlhhigngmygavivdppdlprvdreyvlvqsefylgpdgepgdlaamqaerpdavvfngypaqyahrplparagervrvwlldagpnrdssfhivgaqfdtvyreghwenrptdpggaqvlsltpagggfvetvfpaaghypfvshamvdaergarglfevr
>Brucella_abortus_str._2308_A  coded_by=complement(929116..930369),organism=Brucella abortus str. 2308 A,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
meifpyrapyidcgqgsamrhrlerrgqsqwllvlsqrretmadqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_ceti_str._Cudo  coded_by=542035..543288,organism=Brucella ceti str. Cudo,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
meifpyrapyidcgqgsamrhrlerrgqsqwllvlsqrretmadqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Rhodanobacter_sp._115  coded_by=complement(229..1023),organism=Rhodanobacter sp. 115,definition=nitrite reductase
mfdfmtwngqvpgpmirvrqgdtitltvrsaasntrphsvdmhavfgtgggssatlmppggsrreffkcmypgafiyhcavpnmdehisrgmfgmivvepedglppvdrefylgqhelytkepfgstgllqfdyssmehedpnfvlfngtvgaftgasalkakvgetirvfmvsggpnltssfhpignvwkncwpqgalanaplhyvqtqsvppgscfvgemelpvpetiklvdhaltrvarkgllaeiavegqanpgayrais
>Maritimibacter_alkaliphilus_HTCC2654  coded_by=complement(183019..184050),organism=Maritimibacter alkaliphilus HTCC2654,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mtpvaapvdlsklkrikrelvappfvheheqvapgeprivefempiiekeiqvaddawlqgmtfngsipgplmvvhqddyveltlinpaenmmqhnidfhaatgalgggaltlvspgertvlrfkatrpgtfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmvgaimilpreglsdhkgnpvtydkvfyvgendfyipkdengnykrfedvaesypeteelmnglipshvvfngavgaltgenamtakvgdrvlivhsqgnrdtrphligghgdlvweagkfnnvpdrdletwfirggsagaalyeflqpgiyayvnhnlieavnlgatahfkvegdwnndlmeqvvapteivg
>Nitrosomonas_eutropha_C91  coded_by=complement(1476057..1477001),organism=Nitrosomonas eutropha C91,definition=multicopper oxidase, type 3
mkykklfnasfaalaasvalpgfhaeavaktvpvtihavekdvaydnkgstyhawtfggvvpgpvvrvtegdtveftlvneesnknshsmdfhaarvdvmtdfdsvkpgetkkftftadnpgvffyhcgsdpmiqhiargmygviivdpkdenalpkadreyvliqaehyenpddktammknqwsnavfnggvfkydpvhdpeatrwlqakpgervriyfvnagpnefsslhpiagiwenvypsgnpknvqyalqsytigpgdaatldlispvaganaivdhamnhaltgaiavimfsddadpeagkgdnilvr
>Natronomonas_pharaonis_DSM_2160  coded_by=773076..774164,organism=Natronomonas pharaonis DSM 2160,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mtqntnpnrrtflkaagaggafllagcvgnegeptdestpepapqqagldpaqsvdtdriaadprdipdpvdwdeprhheieiatteeiaevepgvtfqymtfggqvpgpmvrvregdtinltltnesesamphnidfhatygpgggaddttigpgesatiefqamypgihvyhcavpnmdhhisagmfgailvepedglpevdhefyfgqhelytegqageeghhgfdfdsmraedptyvclngeayaftgngygpmtvdkgdtvrvffasggpnltssvhpignvmsryyrdgdllsepdrnietapvapgtvaawemetpvpgpikivdhalsrvvrkgmmgvievegelepdiynpdp
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvdvmeqihamgglqlvmpqafaetdcgvlensgrnvvefnlegysvelpimggktynamtfdgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipdwevtghgndmhasqitagafesvnpgestqycyiaeaagifkyhcsgvklvgmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfysadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfkhqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvlgdtnknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqlmfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=4982779..4983891,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mmtrrdtllstavtalllsappvaaaaaeddvsklprqkvelvappfvhahqqatkdgpkvvefkmvvqekevvidedgtkfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyveltlvnpatntmphnidfhastgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrfkadrsgvfvyhcapggnmipwhvvsgmngaimvlprdglkdrsgkplrydrvyyigeqdmyvpkdqngkykayaspaesyvdtaevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgknampakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwetgkfanppetnletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieaielgatahfkvdgkwnddlmkqvsapgpipggptn
>Oligotropha_carboxidovorans_OM5  coded_by=2677506..2678444,organism=Oligotropha carboxidovorans OM5,definition=putative copper-containing nitrite reductase AniA
mllsaapisvalaeapaatqakatqgktvkveliakevevvidneghkaigwtfngqipgpvirategdtieftlkndkanknshsidmhaaksdvmgdfapikpgesktfsyvpehagvffyhcgadpmiqhiargmigaiiidpkdpnampkadreyilvehqtfdnpedvkgmmannwqhdafnavpfqydpvhdvnatqtleakpgervriymvnagpnefsgfhpiagiwdrvypsgnpknvmvgmqnytvapgdaatfdiispkegayalvnhsmraalsgaiavlmfsdkadptmghgdkilprp
>Oligotropha_carboxidovorans_OM4  coded_by=2678627..2679565,organism=Oligotropha carboxidovorans OM4,definition=putative copper-containing nitrite reductase AniA
mllsaapisvalaeapaatqakatqgktvkveliakevevvidneghkaigwtfngqipgpvirategdtieftlkndkanknshsidmhaaksdvmgdfapikpgesktfsyvpehagvffyhcgadpmiqhiargmigaiiidpkdpnampkadreyilvehqtfdnpedvkgmmannwqhdafnavpfqydpvhdvnatqtleakpgervriymvnagpnefsgfhpiagiwdrvypsgnpknvmvgmqnytvapgdaatfdiispkegayalvnhsmraalsgaiavlmfsdkadptmghgdkilprp
>Kingella_oralis_ATCC_51147  coded_by=complement(147614..149143),organism=Kingella oralis ATCC 51147,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkrqtlamliasafalsacapqpapedkpaagsapvaatsapaaasapaasagaeaevpaselpvidavltkapevppaidrdhaarvkvnievqekvmkmadgvdykywtfngdvpgsfirvregdqvevhfsnrsdstvphnidfhaatgpgggaaasftapghtsvfsfkalqpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyvmqgdfytkgeygaqglqpfdmkkaidedadyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakvgekvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdrvvveagtvenhnvqttlvpaggaaivemkldvpgsytvvdhslfrafnkgalgqlvaegaenkdifsgktqdlvyqgeggtiqtapltaseasqvaagapkaaskeerikagesvyqstcsachgaegkgvegafpplagsdylnadpkrgihavvkglsgeitvngkkfnsvmpaqalddekianvltyvlnsfgnkggevkpedvaaark
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntaavvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=complement(3461..4960),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=membrane protein
mcclqavrrlmraglvsvalgalvaggmparaaaklpgdfgpprgepiravltnppnvpppvnrsypakviveleviekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkalhaktnetvrifvgnggpnmvssfhvigaifdqvryeggsnvqknvqttlipaggaaivkfttrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavtkaaqasasgtltvqdqvqagralftgtcsvchqsggaglpgvfpplaksdylaadpkraigvllhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggrisadevkqfraqpapakavaah
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=complement(49458..50957),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=membrane protein
mcclqavrrlmraglvsvalgalvaggmparaaaklpgdfgpprgepiravltnppnvpppvnrsypakviveleviekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkalhaktnetvrifvgnggpnmvssfhvigaifdqvryeggsnvqknvqttlipaggaaivkfttrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavtkaaqasasgtltvqdqvqagralftgtcsvchqsggaglpgvfpplaksdylaadpkraigvllhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggrisadevkqfraqpapakavaah
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_IPO1609  coded_by=complement(107520..109019),organism=Ralstonia solanacearum IPO1609,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mcclqavrrlmraglvsvalgalvaggmparaaaklpgdfgpprgepiravltnppnvpppvnrsypakviveleviekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkalhaktnetvrifvgnggpnmvssfhvigaifdqvryeggsnvqknvqttlipaggaaivkfttrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavtkaaqasasgtltvqdqvqagralftgtcsvchqsggaglpgvfpplaksdylaadpkraigvllhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggrisadevkqfraqpapakavaah
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=10623..12122,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=membrane protein
mcclqavrrlmraglvsvalgalvaggmparaaaklpgdfgpprgepiravltnppnvpppvnrsypakviveleviekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkalhaktnetvrifvgnggpnmvssfhvigaifdqvryeggsnvqknvqttlipaggaaivkfttrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavtkaaqasasgtltvqdqvqagralftgtcsvchqsggaglpgvfpplaksdylaadpkraigvllhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggrisadevkqfraqpapakavaah
>Ralstonia_solanacearum  coded_by=26907..28406,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum,definition=membrane protein
mcclqavrrlmraglvsvalgalvaggmparaaaklpgdfgpprgepiravltnppnvpppvnrsypakviveleviekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkalhaktnetvrifvgnggpnmvssfhvigaifdqvryeggsnvqknvqttlipaggaaivkfttrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavtkaaqasasgtltvqdqvqagralftgtcsvchqsggaglpgvfpplaksdylaadpkraigvllhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggrisadevkqfraqpapakavaah
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_12901  coded_by=82552..84051,organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 12901,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
miykneqkntvmntkvqtlktklgvlllslglltiggcqqkdktptkmtpemaeqivvkgeaeaeltapplvpkpvgkrdatklivnleileqegemvdgvkymywtfggtvpgsfirtrvgdeveftlknhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggaasslvapghevtfsfktlhpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgnygekglqpfdmnkalkeqpdyvvfnghvnglvnenaitakvgetvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdrvhvegadlinenvqttlipaggaaivefkvntpgtfvlvdhsifrafnkgalgmlkvegdenqkvfagkikegiylpeggtiqnmpkepakkevvenktlaqqiadgksvftrtcfachqsegqgiekifpplaksdylnadvnraiktvinglqgeitvnkvkynsimtsqnlsdqeiadvltyvynswgnnktvvspqmvqknr
>Nitrosomonas_europaea_ATCC_19718  coded_by=complement(1008210..1009139),organism=Nitrosomonas europaea ATCC 19718,definition=Multicopper oxidase type 1
mkykqllrgmlasgfllmgiqaeaktvqvtlhavetdvaydnkgstyrawtfdgkvpgpvvrvtegdtveftlindknsknshsmdfhaarldvvedfesikpgetkkytftadnpgvffyhcgsdpmiqhiargmygviivdpkdanalpkadreyvliqaehyenpddktammqnkwsnvvfnggvfkydpvhdseatswlqakpgervriyfvnagpnelsslhpiagiwdrvypsgnpknvqyalqsyligagdaatldlispveganaivdhsmrhahsgaiavimftndadpeagrgenilir
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_2_str._S1536  coded_by=54599..55621,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 2 str. S1536,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
maeqmkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeidkgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkngtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegaenpeiytgktkeqkydkinpdadidagyvh
>Pseudomonas_chlororaphis_O6  coded_by=complement(265140..266231),organism=Pseudomonas chlororaphis O6,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
msvfrsvlgacvllgscasslalaggaeglqrvkvdlvapplvhpheqvvsgppkvvqfrmsieekkmviddqgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyieltlvnpatnsmphnvdfhaatgalggagltqvvpgqevvlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapqgmvpwhvvsgmngalmvlprdglrdpqgkplhydrvytigesdlyipkdkdghykdypdlassyqdtravmrtltpshvvfngrvgaltganaltskvgesvlfihsqanrdsrphligghgdwvwttgkfanppqrnmetwfipggsavaalytfkqpgtyvylshnlieamelgalaqikvegqwdddlmtqvkapgpivepkq
>Pseudomonas_chlororaphis  coded_by=complement(6251501..6252592),organism=Pseudomonas chlororaphis,definition=nitrite reductase
msvfrsvlgacvllgscasslalaggaeglqrvkvdlvapplvhpheqvvsgppkvvqfrmsieekkmviddqgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyieltlvnpatnsmphnvdfhaatgalggagltqvvpgqevvlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapqgmvpwhvvsgmngalmvlprdglrdpqgkplhydrvytigesdlyipkdkdghykdypdlassyqdtravmrtltpshvvfngrvgaltganaltskvgesvlfihsqanrdsrphligghgdwvwttgkfanppqrnmetwfipggsavaalytfkqpgtyvylshnlieamelgalaqikvegqwdddlmtqvkapgpivepkq
>Pseudomonas_sp._S3(2012)  coded_by=1..1092,organism=Pseudomonas sp. S3(2012),definition=Nir
msvfrsvlgacvllgscasslalaggaeglqrvkvdlvapplvhpheqvvsgppkvvqfrmsieekkmviddqgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyieltlvnpatnsmphnvdfhaatgalggagltqvvpgqevvlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapqgmvpwhvvsgmngalmvlprdglrdpqgkplhydrvytigesdlyipkdkdghykdypdlassyqdtravmrtltpshvvfngrvgaltganaltskvgesvlfihsqanrdsrphligghgdwvwttgkfanppqrnmetwfipggsavaalytfkqpgtyvylshnlieamelgalaqikvegqwdddlmtqvkapgpivepkq
>Pseudoxanthomonas_suwonensis_11-1  coded_by=complement(382010..383077),organism=Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis 11-1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkishplavgalaavialasapalaarakpsdaplpvvqaqltapplvpasitrkspakvvvdlemvekemqlddgvtynfwtfggsvpgsfirvregdtvefrlknhhsshfshnidlhavtgqgggaeatftlpgretqftfkalspglyvyhcamapvamhvangmyglilvepeegmepvdkefyvmqgdfytegatgekglqafslekgidetptyvvfngsvgsltgdnalqatagekirmyvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvyfeggskyqenvqttlipaggsaivefkadvpgnfvlvdhslfrafhkgtlgilkvdgeedhaiysgqqhdieypegepqghdhk
>Phaeobacter_gallaeciensis_BS107  coded_by=complement(15072..16295),organism=Phaeobacter gallaeciensis BS107,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mtkrfnpglaqtsrrnvlrgtvlagaaamtgglassangagrrtsvpplrgaapqflqaeaqaqaeaapvdlsgytrvkqelvappfapqheqvasggpkiveieliteerlmvvdedtgaeiwaltyngsvpgpliivhegdyveltlrnptdsqmehnidfhastgalgggglthvfpgeetvlrwkatkpgcftyhcapggamipyhvthgmngaimvlprdglkdgdgnplrydsiayigeqdyylpmdengdyrtyelagddyadsmdamrtlvpthsvfngavgaltgdnalrakvgetvlmihnqanrdsrphligghgnyvwetgsftdapltgieswfvrggsamaamytfeqpgvyayvnhnlieavllgatahfvvdgawdnalmeqvvaphsfet
>Phaeobacter_inhibens_DSM_17395  coded_by=137242..138465,organism=Phaeobacter inhibens DSM 17395,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase NirK
mtkrfnpglaqtsrrnvlrgtvlagaaamtgglassangagrrtsvpplrgaapqflqaeaqaqaeaapvdlsgytrvkqelvappfapqheqvasggpkiveieliteerlmvvdedtgaeiwaltyngsvpgpliivhegdyveltlrnptdsqmehnidfhastgalgggglthvfpgeetvlrwkatkpgcftyhcapggamipyhvthgmngaimvlprdglkdgdgnplrydsiayigeqdyylpmdengdyrtyelagddyadsmdamrtlvpthsvfngavgaltgdnalrakvgetvlmihnqanrdsrphligghgnyvwetgsftdapltgieswfvrggsamaamytfeqpgvyayvnhnlieavllgatahfvvdgawdnalmeqvvaphsfet
>Roseovarius_sp._217  coded_by=complement(64850..66079),organism=Roseovarius sp. 217,definition=respiratory nitrite reductase
medtmtkiinpglvktsrrnvlrgtvlagaaavvgagamaasraprltkanttsanlykaasqqlsettakpadlsgytrvrqelvappfapaheqvatggpkiieitmktterlmvvdedtgasiwaltyngsvpgpliichegdmveltlrnptdsmmehnidfhastgalgggglthvypgeetilrwkatkpgcftyhcapggamipyhvthgmngavmvlprdglrdgngnplnydsiayigeqdyylpmdengdfrsyeaagddyadslnamrtltpthsvfngavgaltgeralrakvgetvlmihnqanrdsrphligghgnfvwessftdapmtgmetwfvrggsavaamytfeqpgvyayvnhnliegamlgatahfvvegdwdnglmeqvvaphafat
>Leptospira_biflexa_serovar_Patoc_strain_'Patoc_1_(Ames)'  coded_by=1110403..1111797,organism=Leptospira biflexa serovar Patoc strain 'Patoc 1 (Ames)',definition=Multicopper oxidase lipoprotein
mnpiktkqivlflflsfllvafvncgketveeakltyapevpphidrtneakvvvnmetvevvgrladgveytfwtfggsvpgpmirvregdnvefhlknhptskmphnidlhavtgqgggaaasltipghaskfsfkalnpglyiyhcatspvgmhiangmygliyvqpkddlpkvdkeyyvvqsefytkgrngepglqpfsmekaiteipdyvvfngsvgslveeraitakvgekvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdsvyteggvlanqknvqttlipaggsaivdftvdvpgtlilvdhsifrtfnkgslgmlkvegeqnpnvysgkqedtvylpegpaiqrmvtevkpkattkskeeilangarvyqsvcsachmkegqgvqgvfpplaksdylnadknraiqvlkkglsgpitvngqkynnvmphlelsneeiasvlsyvynqwgnkgimvteqevk
>Flavobacteriaceae_bacterium_3519-10  coded_by=complement(389919..390950),organism=Flavobacteriaceae bacterium 3519-10,definition=probable nitrite reductase
mkqiltsfalalltlqackqnstegsastenamdikvsgetetqtklnppmvpapigdraakkvivhlesteeegvladgvtykfwtfnstvpgsfirvrvgdevelhlknasnsvmphnidlhavngpgggaeatnvapgktaifnfkalnpglyvyhcaaapvplhiangmyglilvepagglpkvdreyyimqgefytkgktdekglqefdqdkgvdenptyvvfngkknalmgdkmleakvgetvrifvgnggpnlassfhvigeifdrvymeggskinenvqttlipaggaaivefkvevpgeyvivdhsifrafnkgaigklkvtgeenqkvfhkvq
>Geobacillus_sp._C56-T3  coded_by=complement(2908523..2909221),organism=Geobacillus sp. C56-T3,definition=multicopper oxidase type 3
mkqrmssllsvalaasllaacsnggggeakaekkngaaasaqqsaenvlaahqgvnqapmplkmerigphdvrvemtaqvtdieidkgktykawtfngqapgplvvvnegdtihftlknmdpaiphsmdfhavhaapskdfvdvmpgksgtftypannpgvfmyhcgtkpvlqhiangmhgviivkpkngyptdkevdreyvliqnewykyndmndfqngvpsyvvfstirr
>Haloarcula_hispanica_N601  coded_by=complement(128161..129246),organism=Haloarcula hispanica N601,definition=nitrite reductase
mstiptatrrrvlealgvgtaalagcasapgakeqpteakttpqepamnaaqqtdvdriaadptaipdpidrsepktvsvemttkeqvaeiepgvtytymtfgdqipgpmirvrrgdtveltitneegnsmphnidlhavrgpgggaeasmvtpgqtktfrfkatypgafiyhcavpnldmhissgmfgmilvepkeglpkvdhefyfgqhelyttgdtgekghhdfdmeamaaeeptyvlmngekyaitpdvhgapsmqvgetarvyfvtggpnldssfhpigsvwdevwqqgsiagppnkyvqttpvkpgscaiatlhaevpgpiklvdhalsrvarkgmmavinregaanpdvfepev
>Haloarcula_hispanica_ATCC_33960  coded_by=complement(115760..116845),organism=Haloarcula hispanica ATCC 33960,definition=copper-containing dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mstiptatrrrvlealgvgtaalagcasapgakeqpteakttpqepamnaaqqtdvdriaadptaipdpidrsepktvsvemttkeqvaeiepgvtytymtfgdqipgpmirvrrgdtveltitneegnsmphnidlhavrgpgggaeasmvtpgqtktfrfkatypgafiyhcavpnldmhissgmfgmilvepkeglpkvdhefyfgqhelyttgdtgekghhdfdmeamaaeeptyvlmngekyaitpdvhgapsmqvgetarvyfvtggpnldssfhpigsvwdevwqqgsiagppnkyvqttpvkpgscaiatlhaevpgpiklvdhalsrvarkgmmavinregaanpdvfepev
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1000  coded_by=72096..73658,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1000,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaslvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_668  coded_by=2044943..2046505,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 668,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaslvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=230051..231613,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaslvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NAU35A-3  coded_by=complement(1426363..1427925),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NAU35A-3,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaslvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Corynebacterium_striatum_ATCC_6940  coded_by=118912..120297,organism=Corynebacterium striatum ATCC 6940,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mlsvssnqspkppaqnnwaswlligialaaiialavfnstgkaqrasesagveatvvdvsvsgmafvpasidvpqgahlvvnftndgdqvhdlkigdnetgrvepgktveldagiinestqgyctiaghkaqgmvlqinttddaagaastagsagtagdaqhehhhsashpdvpsaaertkkrddfkafdarlakaegttheetwtmteeevevapgvkqtrwlfngqapgptlrgkvgdkfkitiknegtmghsidfhagevnpdenmksidpgqsltyeftanrsgiwmyhcstapmslhiangmagavvidpaelsdvdaeyamiasdiflgdengadadrvsngeydlmafnyypnqydleplhakvgdkvriwllnvgpdqplsfhvvgeqfdtaykegdylikdrrdsgsqaldllpaqggfvemtfnepgtysfvnhimtaaekgqhgkivvtq
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CCUG_10230  coded_by=82799..84298,organism=Myroides odoratimimus CCUG 10230,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
miykneqkntvmntkvqtlktklgvlllslglltiggcqqkdktptkmtpemaeqivvkgeaeaeltapplvpkpvgkrdatklivnleileqegemvdgvkymywtfggtvpgsfirtrvgdeveftlknhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggaasslvapghevtfsfktlhpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgnygekglqpfdmnkalkeqpdyvvfnghvnglvnenaitakvgetvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdrvhvegadlinenvqttlipaggaaivefkvntpgtfvlvdhsifrafnkgalgmlkvegdenqkvfagkikegiylpeggtiqnmpkepakkevienktlaqqiadgksvftrtcfachqsegqgiekifpplaksdylnadvnraiktvinglqgeitvnkvkynsimtsqnlsdqeiadvltyvynswgnnktvvspqmvqknr
>Myroides_sp._A21  coded_by=494525..496024,organism=Myroides sp. A21,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
miykneqkntvmntkvqtlktklgvlllslglltiggcqqkdktptkmtpemaeqivvkgeaeaeltapplvpkpvgkrdatklivnleileqegemvdgvkymywtfggtvpgsfirtrvgdeveftlknhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggaasslvapghevtfsfktlhpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgnygekglqpfdmnkalkeqpdyvvfnghvnglvnenaitakvgetvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdrvhvegadlinenvqttlipaggaaivefkvntpgtfvlvdhsifrafnkgalgmlkvegdenqkvfagkikegiylpeggtiqnmpkepakkevienktlaqqiadgksvftrtcfachqsegqgiekifpplaksdylnadvnraiktvinglqgeitvnkvkynsimtsqnlsdqeiadvltyvynswgnnktvvspqmvqknr
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_FA_1090  coded_by=1228725..1229903,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae FA 1090,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5043..6221,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_CH811  coded_by=2600..3778,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae CH811,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5216..6394,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgnytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_4_str._M62  coded_by=4189..5268,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 4 str. M62,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkkslialcfisffaaaplmaeqmkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvevqvsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhyvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpeiytgktkeqkydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Actinobacillus_minor_202  coded_by=complement(41189..42244),organism=Actinobacillus minor 202,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkktffllgflsssafaipvaelvpaaqlptieaelttapnvpkplerttpakvvvkleslekimpidkgvqfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvevqlsnpingkmehaidfhsaaaldggaeasltapgksttfaframtpglyvyhcgaapvgvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefyimqnefyvkdganpnlkvfdmmkadyelpdyvvfngkvgalteqnalkakvgenvrffvgnagpnkissfhligrtfdtvyveggtlqnhnvqttlipaggttivememqvpgkytfldhslfraekgakgqlivegkdnqeiyqgkineepfdkrnpdadvnagfth
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_2_str._4226  coded_by=128320..129330,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 2 str. 4226,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeidkgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkngtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegaenpeiytgktkeqkydkinpdadidagyvh
>Methylacidiphilum_fumariolicum_SolV  coded_by=20304..21287,organism=Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum SolV,definition=Multicopper oxidase
msviveekannsnqkggemkkrfikhlmasliavctisigmaktvsvtfhgkeadvvidnkgtkypawtfngqvpgplvrvtegdivdftlineitnkkshamdfhaaqldaakdfgqirpgetkhytfkanypgvffyhcgadpmvqhiargmfgviivdpknanampkadreyvlvqseiysnpddekslmeskwdfvgfnfckfkydpvhderattwlqakpgervriyfvnagpnefasfhpiagiwdrvyvsgnpknvlyglqsftvgpgdgaifdlispveganaivthsmkealtgaiaiimftkdadpkmghgdqilvr
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_CFBP2957  coded_by=40933..42432,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum CFBP2957,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase (NO-forming), anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
mcclqavrrlmraglvsvalgalvaggmparaaaklpgdfgpprgepvravltsppnvpppvnrsypakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvigpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkalhaktnetvrifvgnggpnmvssfhvigaifdqvryeggsnvqknvqttlipaggaaivkfttrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavtkaaqasasgtltvqdqvqagralftgtcsvchqsggaglpgvfpplaksdylaadpkraigvllhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggrisadevkqfraqpapakavaeh
>Nitrosospira_briensis  coded_by=complement(<1..>565),organism=Nitrosospira briensis,definition=NirK
ykywtfnnkvpgpfvrirmgdtvtvklrnakdsahihsidfhavtgpgggatvtqvapgqhksftfkalhpglfvyhcatpmvaqhiangmygmilvepeggmpevdrefyvmqgelytaqrhgapglhefslekllaenpghlmfngtmdaltktyrmkanvgenvriyfgvggpnltssfhiigev
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiggqsfdinkmdvdvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalaqtgrnlvefnltgesvklpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipsdevtghgndmhasqmsasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvngykklmvektsgsgkldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfmhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwngleheqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenhgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwlvggsqgmivdlvfd
>Actinosynnema_mirum_DSM_43827  coded_by=complement(5662504..5663871),organism=Actinosynnema mirum DSM 43827,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mkglsekrsgplggvaagvalvlvavlagiaaqrvadggpattevaaavtptgstttvkvsivemryqpsvisvpagdrlvieltnsdqrrhdlvlatgqktgpvgagaevtldagviggavdgwcslpghrqagmtltitttgsgaqaaadhaqhgssaeghgehdaaprsidtmaapsadfrardaalpaasgervhrhvlrvkeveveiapnvrqvmwtyngtapgpvlrgkvgdvfeielhndgsvdhgvdfhagalapdgpmrpiepgesltyrftatkagiwmyhcstmpmmlhiangmygavivdppdlpavdreyvlvqselylggdqakmraenpdamafngyaaqyahrpltakagervrfwlldvgpnrsgafhvvgaqfdrvyaegayrlqpddpggsqvlplapaeggfvetvfpeaghypfvshamvdaergargivevtg
>uncultured_marine_crenarchaeote_HF4000_ANIW97M7  coded_by=17104..18573,organism=uncultured marine crenarchaeote HF4000_ANIW97M7,definition=hypothetical protein
mnkrinfmftiaaiavmggalfggtftaqlnatasdvksdvnalqkiqemgglelvmpgafaemgdcdsaaydgrtvvdfpltgvsitlpslagdfnamtfseqipgptlrvtqgdvvrmtltvpegeatphgndmhasqvtavptfgavqpgtsktycyiaevpgvykyhcsgvnvaamdqhvlqgmygiaivdpidgysklmvektavnengdvirdrqfysadaiewqlqynqlyltdgsydqtkmfahqttlttvngqalgylpneihnllnngdlnkniffiqpynsmdlhqqqsqllftpvgvhnrifienhgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqshgtetwllggsqnmivdivfdepglyvgvnhdyaaiytgavtiwaaglplpninetvtaistelypvidgavaagsyagalgnpydavppsgpqsiahpaknvhcicsdavaqaqadsgavelwvaipailaesarvaaeaaeaeg
>Haloferax_denitrificans  coded_by=341..1420,organism=Haloferax denitrificans,definition=nitrite reductase
mlsttrrrtlqwlglggaaslagcateapttaqsldgadeptqqgsadlvdqvaadptdipgpidrsepaevdvtlrpeevtaevedgvtftyttyngqvpgplvrvrqgdtvnltfenpeentmphnvdfhavagpgggaeatmtnpgetahlrfkatypgayiyhcavpnmdmhisagmfglilveppeglpevdheiylgqhelytdkdageegqhtfdyeamrnedptyvlmngekyawtpngrgpaatvgtgetvrvyfvdggpnlsssfhpigsvwetlypegslttepqthiqtrqvppgsttiatmsspvpgdfklvdhslsrvvrkgcmavvraegpedpeifdpdpdpq
>Haloferax_denitrificans_ATCC_35960  coded_by=26384..27463,organism=Haloferax denitrificans ATCC 35960,definition=nitrite reductase
mlsttrrrtlqwlglggaaslagcateapttaqsldgadeptqqgsadlvdqvaadptdipgpidrsepaevdvtlrpeevtaevedgvtftyttyngqvpgplvrvrqgdtvnltfenpeentmphnvdfhavagpgggaeatmtnpgetahlrfkatypgayiyhcavpnmdmhisagmfglilveppeglpevdheiylgqhelytdkdageegqhtfdyeamrnedptyvlmngekyawtpngrgpaatvgtgetvrvyfvdggpnlsssfhpigsvwetlypegslttepqthiqtrqvppgsttiatmsspvpgdfklvdhslsrvvrkgcmavvraegpedpeifdpdpdpq
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_TCDC-NG08107  coded_by=1144110..1145288,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae TCDC-NG08107,definition=AniA
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MS11  coded_by=1297952..1299130,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MS11,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=248212..249390,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK17973  coded_by=2602..3780,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK17973,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=8854..10032,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11744..12922,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG3  coded_by=complement(981..2159),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG3,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG21  coded_by=complement(981..2159),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG21,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG20  coded_by=2606..3784,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG20,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5047..6225,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1725..2903),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1709..2887),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=13441..14619,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK1902  coded_by=complement(492..1670),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK1902,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2178..3356),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1681..2859),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5242..6420,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=13016..14194,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11406..12584,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(65237..66415),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK28355  coded_by=complement(1150..2328),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK28355,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5131..6309,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5050..6228,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5213..6391,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26563..27741),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1376..2554),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1658..2836),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11815..12993,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26562..27740),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11929..13107,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5050..6228,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK16259  coded_by=2601..3779,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK16259,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5031..6209,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5212..6390,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5215..6393,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1696..2874),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1378..2556),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26560..27738),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26572..27750),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_GC1-182  coded_by=complement(495..1673),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae GC1-182,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1670..2848),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_05-13  coded_by=complement(1164..2342),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_05-13,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=8613..9791,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5005..6183,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11798..12976,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_NOR_2011_03-06  coded_by=complement(1122..2300),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae NOR_2011_03-06,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5050..6228,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5215..6393,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ALB_2011_03_03  coded_by=complement(979..2157),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ALB_2011_03_03,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5026..6204,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5238..6416,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1376..2554),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1698..2876),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK36809  coded_by=2600..3778,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK36809,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5130..6308,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1668..2846),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1728..2906),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11797..12975,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5045..6223,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5215..6393,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26572..27750),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2653..3831),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(65237..66415),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26566..27744),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1613..2791),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1628..2806),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1712..2890),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11797..12975,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5048..6226,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1379..2557),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5047..6225,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1647..2825),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1139..2317),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5043..6221,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1709..2887),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1712..2890),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG18  coded_by=complement(983..2161),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG18,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5212..6390,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK12684  coded_by=2602..3780,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK12684,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1623..2801),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11530..12708,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1921..3099),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01_05  coded_by=complement(985..2163),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01_05,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5246..6424,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG19  coded_by=4486..5664,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG19,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1814..2992),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5018..6196,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11797..12975,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01_17  coded_by=complement(981..2159),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01_17,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=107895..109073,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2056..3234),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1709..2887),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2637..3815),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5206..6384,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG8  coded_by=4488..5666,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG8,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2044..3222),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2104..3282),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5041..6219,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>uncultured_crenarchaeote_29d5  coded_by=complement(34959..36317),organism=uncultured crenarchaeote 29d5,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mnrslllassliasfllassiafvpyfsannvvraqetenqgevkhitliasekqvqvapdnalhpggimynamvfngtipgpvisidqgdtlnitlknegqtihsldfhagfgpskavsgsvkpgesktwsltgefpgvfmyhcgadglngvwehisngmyggivvhptneepakefymvfseiynsadkgpfvgtngtagsfdigkfisknpdlvltngmshkyvpavgevnklelnkdaeifkvkpgeltrwyivnpgpndgvsfhfisgilsvkdgsntanngfgtqdindetwwippgsgsviestfpeggvyvgvdhamadvvkggafavlavenstatdhpegtcvpakgegivctaaeaeetqaegaagenqtatddegneaedkgannnengneaedgdsevtqnatmlnttggnttangtmmagnmtgnmtgdmggnstmgs
>Actinomyces_odontolyticus_F0309  coded_by=20582..22003,organism=Actinomyces odontolyticus F0309,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mspagdhspvsrtagaivgvvsvvalalaiflsnpsapttqstgtgtgttassvtptghttrvsvgvegiaftpnhievpvgdrlvidftnsgdqrhdlvfetgvssgslasgetkeldlgiisgdvegwcslpghrelgmtlhvqatgassssssssgtsasgshahhghdhgqdaaagpatptaltdyaetidardpvlppatneterhytftvteqtvnvtssltreswtfngdapgpilrghigdtfhitlvnngtmshsldfhaglvapdnvmrsiepgqtleytfvaknagiwlyhcstapmsmhiangmfgaviidptdldkvdreyimvaselylgadgqpadasllsalqpnamafngvpfqykahpiqiktnervrvwvmdagpnlattfhvvgtqfdtvwregayvirgggsgggwgqvltlgaaeggfveftpleaghytfvnhalslaekgqvgvfevtd
>Sinorhizobium_medicae_WSM419  coded_by=complement(1196837..1197967),organism=Sinorhizobium medicae WSM419,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagavtpligavaahaeeavgqithvdvaslprvkidlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkividergtelhamtfngsvpgplmvvhqddyveltlinpdtntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgdttvlrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgkgkpitydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdangnfkkyesagdayadtlevmrtltpthivfngavgaltgdnalkatvgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdvdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfavtgewnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Alcaligenes_faecalis  coded_by=751..1881,organism=Alcaligenes faecalis,definition=nitrite reductase
maeqmqisrrtilagaalagalapvlattsawgqgavrkataaeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahsqvaeggpkvveftmvieekkividdagtevhamafngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntlmhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektilrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngaimvlpreglhdgkgkaltydkiyyvgeqdfyvprdengkykkyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkamtaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaagaafytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsvlapsgt
>Candidatus_Nitrospira_defluvii  coded_by=complement(2474305..2475276),organism=Candidatus Nitrospira defluvii,definition=putative Copper-containing nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mhtqrttnhsgrslrnalpvlgmtlgllagmdssaqaktheikmtavetdividgggekyaawtfngqfpgpvvrvtegdvvnftltnpatnknphamdfhaaevdflknyravntgethsfsftakkpgvffyhcgappmiqhvargmfgaiivdpknakvwpkadreyvlvqseyfknpndvqamfdrkydgmmfnggifkyhpfvtgggkldakpgervriyfvnagpnefssfhpigeiwdnvyesgnpannlkgvqtyvvgpgsaatfdvvvesagayplvthsltgalrgaiavllagpdakaaplmpmvpwelpak
>Arthroderma_benhamiae_CBS_112371  coded_by=complement(1660732..1662015),organism=Arthroderma benhamiae CBS 112371,definition=hypothetical protein
mslgritlraklstlptagcysvipkkpislplqrvstytskssgvseanhtplailvgiattiaigsvvvsrnrkekpreiftiksntgvdlfaetsadysklpketavftaaphvpppitrdypvllqvplttstkttqlsnqykyeqwtfngtvpgpfirarvgdvveltltnhdvtgnphnidchaftgpgggaalttaeekesktglfkllhpglyvyhcaaapvpvhiangmygliyvqpedgdlppvdreyyvmqsefyheppevlengkrsstvefsypnaleenpslvvfngsesaltrdqplkaksgetvriffgnagpnltsafhvigttfsklyrdgdvvsppanwvpttsvppggstivdlklvvpgtytlvdhaifrldkgavgylnvsgkqrpdvyqstlppapcvgcklhp
>Phenylobacterium_zucineum_HLK1  coded_by=659110..660144,organism=Phenylobacterium zucineum HLK1,definition=multicopper oxidase
mkafalfataaalaltagtatgawaadaaqpaavadivrpatdlpppitrrapavvkvnlvtqevvgkiadgatfkywtfnsklpgpmvrvrvgdtvevtlhnpadsmnmhnvdfhavtgpgggaaatlanpgetktfsfkalqpglyiyhcaapmvaqhiangmygailvepeeglpkvdrefyvvqgeiyteedhdaqgeltesigklldedaefyvfngafkaltgekqleakvgetvriyfgvggpnktssfhvigeifdnvynlgsltsppvkdvqtvtvapggatvvdfklevpgnyvlvdhalsrverggagilhvtgpenpeifkaeanpnqdhgh
>Thermobaculum_terrenum_ATCC_BAA-798  coded_by=complement(296458..298062),organism=Thermobaculum terrenum ATCC BAA-798,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
minaiskktwtwisilvvlalvlaacgasygtpvpqvtgyneqtgapptptptlapspspspspsptptqaagaqtdhnmhmggqgsadqsvadlqrlplpkvappvgdrppklvkvyletkevraliddnvpytfwtfngtvpgpmirvrvgdtveitlknsmdskmyhsidlhavngpgggstvtqvgpgqtavfrfkalnpgvyiyhcatppvpehiangmyglvvvepagglpkvdrefyvmqgdfyvdngqfslqkmldenptyvvfngsvgslqgsralqakvgdrvriffgvggpnlassfhvigeifdrvapegattweknvgvtlvpaggtamvefrlnepgdytlvdhsigrtmkgavgtlhvegksnpsiyrsiknpnpamtgghggsqgsygseqsassqksvasitvrasefkfepstikvqagkttrvtfinngvvehdlevkglkadevkvlgqssglsqqlasqmqqktsegvvyvaaapkqqttiefkasqegtyqvactvpgheqagmhgelvvsk
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqigaqsldvskmnanvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafaatdcgalsdsgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktyhamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtlstpadevtghgndmhasqmaagnfesvnpgqtsqycyiaqsagtfkyhcsgvhligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpidgynklmvektsvsngkvsldrkfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdpaknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeimdrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=1305..2369,organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=copper-containing dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mktktflatvsaaalialsgigaasattlyaepkvkepavdivqdpaavpapeaagkrapkthnvvltttevearlddgttytywtfnnkvpgpmvrvrvgdtvnvsmtnapgsimnhsidfhaatgflgggqitqaepgqtkefsfkamapgvyvyhcatpmvaqhiakgmfglivvepegglpkvdkefyvmqqeiyatkaknlpaaeddydglvnekpgylvfngavgglvkdkplkasvgetvriwfgvggpnftssfhvigeifdrvhnlgdldtpplknvqtvsvapggatmvefkvdypgkyalvdhalsratkgligilevdgkaddsiildksgdsrkqlgemkh
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=160397..161461,organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mktktflatvsaaalialsgigaasattlyaepkvkepavdivqdpaavpapeaagkrapkthnvvltttevearlddgttytywtfnnkvpgpmvrvrvgdtvnvsmtnapgsimnhsidfhaatgflgggqitqaepgqtkefsfkamapgvyvyhcatpmvaqhiakgmfglivvepegglpkvdkefyvmqqeiyatkaknlpaaeddydglvnekpgylvfngavgglvkdkplkasvgetvriwfgvggpnftssfhvigeifdrvhnlgdldtpplknvqtvsvapggatmvefkvdypgkyalvdhalsratkgligilevdgkaddsiildksgdsrkqlgemkh
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_MolK2  coded_by=571853..573322,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum MolK2,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mraglvsvalgalvaggmparaaaklpgdfgpprgepiravltsppnvpppvnrsypakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdkalhaktnetvrifvgnggpnmvssfhvigaifdqvryeggsnvqknvqttlipaggaaivkfttrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavtkaaqasasgtltvqdqvqagralftgtcsvchqsggaglpgvfpplaksdylaadpkraigvllhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggrisadevkqfraqpapakavaeh
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_329_str._F0087  coded_by=complement(11788..13215),organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 329 str. F0087,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkkiisslicipllwscgdenstytntaeipvegemvaqltsppfvpapvgnrkatklsvtleiiekegeladgtkylfwtfggtvpgnfirarvgdevsftlknhpdnklahnidlhavtgtgggadaslvapgqqrtftfkclnpglfvyhcaqapvplhiangmyglilvepegglppvdmeyyvmqgdfytegdygaqglqafsqekalaekpdyvlfngkvgaltgdkaltvnagetvrlfvgnggpnlissfhvigeifdrvqveggklvnenvqttvipaggaaivefkveipgsytlvdhaifrafnkgalgqliaqgrenpviygkqepvpyqakvtnsqvttneatsiketsnktlaqqiedgkkvyqrtciachqvqgqglegafpplakadylnadvdraietvlkghtggitvngkqynsvmppqpltpeqiadvltyvyhnwennktvvspekvkkvrdkr
>Capnocytophaga_sp._oral_taxon_329_str._F0087  coded_by=4625..6052,organism=Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 329 str. F0087,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkkiisslicipllwscgdenstytntaeipvegemvaqltsppfvpapvgnrkatklsvtleiiekegeladgtkylfwtfggtvpgnfirarvgdevsftlknhpdnklahnidlhavtgtgggadaslvapgqqrtftfkclnpglfvyhcaqapvplhiangmyglilvepegglppvdmeyyvmqgdfytegdygaqglqafsqekalaekpdyvlfngkvgaltgdkaltvnagetvrlfvgnggpnlissfhvigeifdrvqveggklvnenvqttvipaggaaivefkveipgsytlvdhaifrafnkgalgqliaqgrenpviygkqepvpyqakvtnsqvttneatsiketsnktlaqqiedgkkvyqrtciachqvqgqglegafpplakadylnadvdraietvlkghtggitvngkqynsvmppqpltpeqiadvltyvyhnwennktvvspekvkkvrdkr
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_TIE-1  coded_by=3988307..3989416,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris TIE-1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mmlfprglllnaaviavalsvpsqlpaaddisklprqrielvappfvhphqqattdgpkvvefklvvhekelviddegtkiqamtfngsipgplmvvhqddyveltlinpanntmphnidlhaatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrfkadragvfvyhcapggtmipwhvvsgmngaimvlprdglkdgagkplrydriyyigeqdfyvpkddkgnyktyglpaeayfdtrevmrklipthevfngrvgaltgnnamtakvgdtvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnppetnletwfvrggsaaaalytfkqpgiyaylnhnliegielgasanfnvegkwnddlmtqvkaptpipagssn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>603,organism=uncultured organism,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
fvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlpregltdgkgkpvkydrvyyigeqdmyvprdemgnfksydspgesyndtvevmrrltpthvvfngkvgaltgknaltakvgetvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaatykflqpgiyayvthnlieavelgatahfkvegkwnddlm
>Haloterrigena_turkmenica_DSM_5511  coded_by=complement(3168481..3169539),organism=Haloterrigena turkmenica DSM 5511,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
maalgaagtiavagclggdrpqadsaanetepagdeeglsaakavdvdriardptdvpppvdwceprvhdvtvrterlvaeiepgvtfeymtfegqvpgpmirvregdrvnltfdvpeelnmaqhnmdfhavygpgggaeattvspgddpaeisftadypgvfiyhcaipnmdyhissgmfgailvepeeglpevdreyylgqhelytdgevgeeghhafdfdamlaeqptyvvfngqaygltedhamqantgetarvyfanggpnltsavhpignvwsryyrdgdlltdpdrnietapvapgtttagemefpvpgpvklvdhaltratrkgvlaaihvdgeptrdlydesp
>Neisseria_macacae_ATCC_33926  coded_by=55647..56864,organism=Neisseria macacae ATCC 33926,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mttmkrqalaaiiasvfalaacgeqaaqkpaeqtasasapaaseapasgaqaaaetpaaelpvidavtthapevppaidrdhparvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfngdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeasftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstlipaggaaiiefkadipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenaeimtkkledkayagsgaasapaasapaapassaaapasaasagkggy
>Bacillus_sp._2_A_57_CT2  coded_by=1450..2511,organism=Bacillus sp. 2_A_57_CT2,definition=nitrite reductase
mkkgvkylltsaigiglisgcsqgaspesslqpeekvlaaetaqpeaiaphkdlnqepiplkidrvgpkevnvemtsqitdieidkgkfykawtfngeapgpvvvvnegdtinftlknmdpaiphsmdfhavhaapskdfsnvqpdetgtfsypankpgvfmyhcgtspvlshiangmhgtiivkpkdgyptdkeidreytiiqnewykyndledftngvpshvvfstkalkkgdpntngdtftlkdnpllakvgdkvriyinnvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddvyidgnpynrykglqtvmlpasggavveftvtkagsypivthqfnhaqkgavailkvtetgeddgkatmsh
>Flavobacterium_columnare  coded_by=335..>1769,organism=Flavobacterium columnare,definition=major outer membrane protein
mikhlifsaslasllligckkasnsssidpasievegdpiqaeltappfvpkpvgdrsakklivnmeiiekegemadgvkyvywtyggsvpgsfirtrigdevefhlknhpnnklphnidlhavtgpgggakssfvapghevtfsfkvlnqglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgangekglqpfdmakaikeepdyvvfngktgslvgdnaltakvgerirlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdnvhieggktinhdvqttlvpaggaaivdfkvevpgtlilvdhsifrtfnkgslgminvtgednkkvysgtqsdqvylpeggtiqsmpnervvkpakavtlteriadgksvygktcfachqasgeglpnafpplaksdflnadinraieiilkgktgeitvngkkfnsvmtaqtltdeevanvltyvysqwgnskkevtpamvadqpap
>Methylocella_silvestris_BL2  coded_by=1641542..1642987,organism=Methylocella silvestris BL2,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkiftrnallaatsllltqqawcasrednakapiigvedailtdapavppaihrdhatkvvvhlevrevegrladgvrytfwtfggktpgkfiriregdlvemhldnhpsskmphnidlhavngpgggagasltapghssvftfkalnpglfvyhcatapvamhvangmyglilvepreglpkvdrefyvmqsdfytkgangeqglqpfsmvkaieerpdyvvfngsvgstvgdralatnvgetvrlfvgdggpnltssfhvigqifdtvwpegnmstptqnvqttmipaggsaivqfknsvpgtfiivdhsltrafnrgalaqlkingpdnkalfsgkvsdevympegsnarvaempsqkpaaaeskaeriklgegvfanncqachqgngegvadafpplaksdylnadkvraiktvtggldgkltvnghdfngvmpawdlpdedianvmtyiysqwdnsgqevlpsevaanrvkaanlp
>Pseudoalteromonas_haloplanktis_TAC125  coded_by=complement(1555238..1556641),organism=Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis TAC125,definition=probable nitrite reductase (EC 1.7.99.3)
mkiqpnkhtlwlpliailfsgnllaasnlkteqailtpppmvppainrdhsakvvinletreqvgriadgveyvfwsfgetvpgsfirvregdeiefnlsnhpsskmphnidlhavtgpgggaessftapghtstfnfkalnpglyiyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglapvdreyylvqgdfytkgefgeaglqpfdmakaidedadyvvfngsvgsttdensltakvgetvrlyignggpnlvssfhvigeifdtvyveggslknhnvqttlipaggaaivefkvevpgtfilvdhsifrafnkgalamlkvegpddhsiftgktaenvylpegsaiqsldntftkitannkdeqirfgqrvyeancmachqangegipgafpplaksdylnnnpllgvnaiikglsgpikvnnvnyngvmpamnlndedianvitfvlnnwdnaggkvsaeqvakqrk
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3843  coded_by=complement(10252..11346),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3843,definition=Copper-containing Nitrite reductase (NO-forming) nirK
mltrraamfsaavaammlatpvnaddlklprqkvdlvappfvhpheqatkqgpkimefklviqekkvvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatntmphnidfhsstgalgggaltlvnpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndghghalrydkiyyigeqdlyvprdekgnfksydspgeayadteevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgknaltanvgdnvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaamykflqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapaeipngatn
>Lautropia_mirabilis_ATCC_51599  coded_by=complement(149830..150987),organism=Lautropia mirabilis ATCC 51599,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
miasvmrkalictavssclvgtaafaadpvvsttgglpgydvikapasiaklqrvkqklvkppfvpehsltppkaprvvqvemfieekeievepgvfmwaftfngsvpgpmiivhegdyveltlknlaknelvhnidfhastgalgagelthvqpgqevvirwkatkpgtfvyhcapggamipwhvvhgmngaitvlpkeglhdkngkklhydrayyigeqdfylpkdengnfkryqsaaesmaddrevmdklipthivfgerkgaytgenaltakvgetvmiyhsqanrfsyphligghgdyvwergnladtpaqnletwaiaagstgaamytfkqpgvyvylnhnlieavnlgalaqikvdgkwdndlmeqlkaptefkeekk
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=113446..114552,organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mltrreallgsvftaaavaaitampaaaasakevaglprekvtlvappfvhahdqvaksgpkvveftmtieekpividadgtqlnamtyngsipgplmvvhegdyleltlinpdtntlahnidfhaatgalgggaltlinpgeqttlrfkatrsgtfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmsgtvmvlprdglkdekgkpihydriyyigendfyiprdesgtfkkyesagdnyddtvkvmrglipthvvfngkagsltgqnamkakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvweqgkyanppakdletwfirggsagsalytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieavelgatahftvdgtwdddlmtqveaakpiss
>Mesorhizobium_australicum_WSM2073  coded_by=complement(2574644..2575750),organism=Mesorhizobium australicum WSM2073,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mltrreallgsvftaaavaaitampaaaasakevaglprekvtlvappfvhahdqvaksgpkvveftmtieekpividadgtqlnamtyngsipgplmvvhegdyleltlinpdtntlahnidfhaatgalgggaltlinpgeqttlrfkatrsgtfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmsgtvmvlprdglkdekgkpihydriyyigendfyiprdesgtfkkyesagdnyddtvkvmrglipthvvfngkagsltgqnamkakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvweqgkyanppakdletwfirggsagsalytfrqpgvyayvnhnlieavelgatahftvdgtwdddlmtqveaakpiss
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi  coded_by=16..1146,organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi,definition=nitrite reductase
maeqmqisrrtilagaalagalapvlattsawgqgavrkataaeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahsqvaeggpkvveftmvieekkividdagtevhamafngtvpgplivvhqddyleltlinpetntlmhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektilrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngaimvlpreglhdgkgkaltydkiyyvgeqdfyvprdengkykkyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkamtaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaagaafytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsvlapsgt
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi_ATCC_49188  coded_by=1811754..1812884,organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi ATCC 49188,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
maeqmqisrrtilagaalagalapvlattsawgqgavrkataaeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahsqvaeggpkvveftmvieekkividdagtevhamafngtvpgplivvhqddyleltlinpetntlmhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektilrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngaimvlpreglhdgkgkaltydkiyyvgeqdfyvprdengkykkyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkamtaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaagaafytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsvlapsgt
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi  coded_by=complement(1381667..1382797),organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
maeqmqisrrtilagaalagalapvlattsawgqgavrkataaeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahsqvaeggpkvveftmvieekkividdagtevhamafngtvpgplivvhqddyleltlinpetntlmhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektilrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngaimvlpreglhdgkgkaltydkiyyvgeqdfyvprdengkykkyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkamtaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaagaafytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsvlapsgt
>Penicillium_rubens_Wisconsin_54-1255  coded_by=complement(join(904961..905346,905526..906582)),organism=Penicillium rubens Wisconsin 54-1255,definition=Penicillium chrysogenum Wisconsin 54-1255 complete genome, contig Pc00c22
mdtttgeeasgldttlvprgnetaqshsqpyvapgqglidssklpieeavlteapsvpppitrnhpvllqvplttstktkqltsqhkyeqwnfngivpgpfirarvgdvvelsltnrdkagnphnidchafigpgggsalttaeegqtktarfrlhypglylyhcaaapvpvhiangmyglmyvepatgdlppadreyyvmqsefyheppeiedngkpssivefsypnalreepsvvvfngheaaltrdkplkasvgekvriffgnagpnltssfhvigsafekvyrdgdvvsppgqfvqtvsvppggstvvdmkmlvpgtytlvdhaifrlekggvgylnvtgeprpdiyhiqkpklasglyvsdrpflwfktddtnfsslqhtsathfsslsfeqhpvptiaggkcamtltspssikylakakwlcltayrrttamcnlgptgentstfrtprlplyatwksaffevtlifpvgrnee
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldvskmnadvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgaladsgrkvvefnltgesvslpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpingynklmvektsvsngkvtmdrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagkmfghqntatvvsgmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Ajellomyces_capsulatus  coded_by=1241..2584,organism=Ajellomyces capsulatus,definition=nitrite reductase-I
mqslrtplvmswkaslparhyvvpgcrasgsrqlnshgraslrqiryrasvrgystepsqapakrsvqlgvaaavaisiglglvvyrrpakpvhldskkeysahlrnivdaaepvgkslnlsdlpveeaqltsapnvpppitrdhpvllkvplttttkikqltstykyeqwtfnnqvpapfirarvgdvielsltnkdvtgnphnidchaftgpgggaslttaeenqnktgrfkllypglfiyhcaaapvpvhiangmygliyvqpeedplpkvdkeyyvmqsefyheppeieengkrsslvefsypnalredpdvvvfngsetaltmdhplkatagetvrvffgnagpnltssphiigstfhnlyrdgdilspparnvqtttvppggatifdmkavvpgtytlvdhaifrldkgavgfinvtgnprpdvyqsnehaepcvgcklhp
>Kangiella_koreensis_DSM_16069  coded_by=complement(2187662..2189074),organism=Kangiella koreensis DSM 16069,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mlknklfkktllglatlslinsamakdlpteqailtsppevppaierehnakvvveletvekvgtmadgveyvywsfggtvpgsfirvkegdeiefhlsnhpsskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghtstfafkalnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytkgkygdpglqpfdmqkaidehadyvvfngavgsltgdkslkanvgetvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggnlvneniqttlvpaggsaivefkvevpgnlilvdhsifrafnkgalgmlavsgkedkaiysgkiddriyrpegsavqsvdkkvvevkatnleekikfgkrvydancmachqpngqgipsafppvaksdylnedplrgvhaivhglegpikvngesfnsvmpamqlsddeianvmtyllnswdnnggeitveqvkkvraqkph
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=74529..76079,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR3964  coded_by=179498..181048,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR3964,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR6137  coded_by=64142..65692,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR6137,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5569  coded_by=complement(21083..22633),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5569,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR3016  coded_by=13409..14959,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR3016,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1106a  coded_by=1979336..1980886,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1106a,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_BPC006  coded_by=2033625..2035175,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei BPC006,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR146  coded_by=1834168..1835718,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR146,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR511  coded_by=complement(1400282..1401832),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR511,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NAU20B-16  coded_by=complement(1342906..1344456),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NAU20B-16,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(175268..176818),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(175009..176559),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72864..74414,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=73954..75504,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=184340..185890,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72591..74141,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174929..176479),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=127524..129074,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=177288..178838,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128446..129996,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(194894..196444),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(188009..189559),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72418..73968,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=71901..73451,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(190997..192547),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187213..188763),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174944..176494),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75035..76585,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(161008..162558),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128680..130230,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72453..74003,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(175519..177069),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=74023..75573,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(189995..191545),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=74977..76527,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(191727..193277),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187454..189004),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=54027..55577,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(190295..191845),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(176002..177552),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174903..176453),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187283..188833),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187263..188813),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(175277..176827),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(189562..191112),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174883..176433),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(193490..195040),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174869..176419),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174931..176481),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75213..76763,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=129878..131428,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=176713..178263,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72936..74486,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=73516..75066,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=73300..74850,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=30917..32467,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=185982..187532,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=177085..178635,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(36267..37817),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(192335..193885),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=127905..129455,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75516..77066,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174925..176475),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_PB08298010  coded_by=2039126..2040676,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei PB08298010,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128436..129986,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=71748..73298,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187403..188953),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72521..74071,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=74899..76449,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=126570..128120,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128017..129567,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72718..74268,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174970..176520),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75371..76921,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72657..74207,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187662..189212),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(175343..176893),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75172..76722,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(189186..190736),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=128408..129958,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=176626..178176,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(190219..191769),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75042..76592,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=176259..177809,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(175037..176587),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=72168..73718,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=186634..188184,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=87494..89044,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(189376..190926),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=71647..73197,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(175524..177074),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174952..176502),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(174907..176457),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(192261..193811),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=174777..176327,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7498  coded_by=complement(46780..48330),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7498,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7343  coded_by=5583..7133,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7343,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(63803..65353),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR3951  coded_by=complement(190674..192224),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR3951,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(653594..655144),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4032  coded_by=complement(218967..220517),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4032,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR3960  coded_by=76407..77957,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR3960,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(2013821..2015371),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Gallibacterium_anatis_UMN179  coded_by=complement(1899607..1900713),organism=Gallibacterium anatis UMN179,definition=Multicopper oxidase
mkkttlnlllsaflignlslsaaaqsadvpqkveqngqdevsslpvidaeltvapnvpapikrdyparvivklealekimeimpkvqfkywtyngstpapfirvregdtvevhlsnpinsklphsidfhssaapdgtamasntlpghtsiyrfkalspglylyhcaampgapthigkgmfglmlvepkaglppvdkefyivqnefytsgefgepglqvfssqkasyelpdyvvfnghfasmmedkdlqakvgeklrfyvgnagpnkvssfhligktfdtvyveagslknhnvqttlipaggamiaettipvpgqytfvdhsifrtekgakgtlmvtgdenpaifsgklkdepynkrnpdadvstgfqh
>Neisseria_subflava_NJ9703  coded_by=complement(143249..144418),organism=Neisseria subflava NJ9703,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaaasdsqaaaetpsselpvvdaimthapevppaidrdhpakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyhywtfngdvpgqmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstvipaggaamiefkvdipgsytivdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegnenpeimtkklsdtvyqpagaaasapaaasaapaaseaak
>Capnocytophaga_sputigena_ATCC_33612  coded_by=80433..81887,organism=Capnocytophaga sputigena ATCC 33612,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mirkdfmkynllllsaslllsacneqttytstadipvegemvaqltsppfvpapvgnrkatklsitleiiekegeladgtkylfwtfggtvpgsfirarvgdevsftlknhpdnklahnidlhavtgtgggadaslvapgqqrtftfkclnpglfvyhcaqapvplhiangmyglilvepegglppvdmeyyvmqgdfytegdygtqglqafsqekalaekpdyvlfngkvgaiagdkaltvnagetvrlfvgnggpnlissfhvigeifdrvqveggklvnenvqttvipaggaaivefkvevpgsytlvdhaifrafnkgalgqliaqgrenpviygkqeavpyqvtgvreqisgvreqvsgdrgqesgnktlaqqmedgkkvyqrtcvachqaqgqglegafpplakadylnadvdraietvlkghtggitvngkqynsmmppqpltpeqiadvltyvyhnwennktvvspervkkvrekr
>Geobacillus_sp._Y4.1MC1  coded_by=complement(3054513..3055568),organism=Geobacillus sp. Y4.1MC1,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mkrkfytfmsivvaalfltacehtggkeaekertkagtyhansgviaahkglqqkpiplkmerigphdvhiemtaqvtdieidkgkmykawtfngqvpgplivvnegdtlhftlknmdpamphsmdfhavhaspskdfadvmpnqtgtftyqannpgvfmyhcgtkpvlahiangmhgmmivkpkngyptdkevdrefvliqnewykyndmddfqngvpsyvvfstkalkaggrntngdtftlkekplvakvgdkvriylenvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddiyidgnpnnhlkglqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgnysivthqfnhaqkgavailkvtetgeddgaeasgh
>Geobacillus_thermoglucosidasius_C56-YS93  coded_by=complement(3000000..3001055),organism=Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius C56-YS93,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mkrkfytfmsivvaalfltacehtggkeaekertkagtyhansgviaahkglqqkpiplkmerigphdvhiemtaqvtdieidkgkmykawtfngqvpgplivvnegdtlhftlknmdpamphsmdfhavhaspskdfadvmpnqtgtftyqannpgvfmyhcgtkpvlahiangmhgmmivkpkngyptdkevdrefvliqnewykyndmddfqngvpsyvvfstkalkaggrntngdtftlkekplvakvgdkvriylenvgpnevssfhvvgtvfddiyidgnpnnhlkglqtvmlpasggavveftvtrpgnysivthqfnhaqkgavailkvtetgeddgaeasgh
>Haloferax_lucentense  coded_by=205..1284,organism=Haloferax lucentense,definition=nitrite reductase
mlsttrrrtlqwlglggvaslagcatksptaaqsldeteeptqqgstnlvdqvaadptdipgpidrsepaevdvtlrpeevtaevedgvtftyttyngqvpgplvrvrqgdtvnvtfenpeentmphnvdfhavagpgggaeatmtnpgetahlrfkatypgayiyhcavpnmdmhisagmfglilveppegmpevdheiylgqhelytdkdageegqhafdyeamrnedptyvlmngekyawtpngrgpaatvgldetvrvyfvdggpnlsssfhpigsvwetlypegslttepqthiqtrqvppgsttiatmsspvpgdfklvdhslsrvvrkgcmavvraegpedpeifdpdpdpq
>Haloferax_alexandrinus_JCM_10717  coded_by=complement(235853..236932),organism=Haloferax alexandrinus JCM 10717,definition=nitrite reductase
mlsttrrrtlqwlglggvaslagcatksptaaqsldeteeptqqgstnlvdqvaadptdipgpidrsepaevdvtlrpeevtaevedgvtftyttyngqvpgplvrvrqgdtvnvtfenpeentmphnvdfhavagpgggaeatmtnpgetahlrfkatypgayiyhcavpnmdmhisagmfglilveppegmpevdheiylgqhelytdkdageegqhafdyeamrnedptyvlmngekyawtpngrgpaatvgldetvrvyfvdggpnlsssfhpigsvwetlypegslttepqthiqtrqvppgsttiatmsspvpgdfklvdhslsrvvrkgcmavvraegpedpeifdpdpdpq
>Haloferax_lucentense_DSM_14919  coded_by=34737..35816,organism=Haloferax lucentense DSM 14919,definition=nitrite reductase
mlsttrrrtlqwlglggvaslagcatksptaaqsldeteeptqqgstnlvdqvaadptdipgpidrsepaevdvtlrpeevtaevedgvtftyttyngqvpgplvrvrqgdtvnvtfenpeentmphnvdfhavagpgggaeatmtnpgetahlrfkatypgayiyhcavpnmdmhisagmfglilveppegmpevdheiylgqhelytdkdageegqhafdyeamrnedptyvlmngekyawtpngrgpaatvgldetvrvyfvdggpnlsssfhpigsvwetlypegslttepqthiqtrqvppgsttiatmsspvpgdfklvdhslsrvvrkgcmavvraegpedpeifdpdpdpq
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._S23321  coded_by=complement(1306197..1307291),organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321,definition=respiratory nitrite reductase
mftrraalisaaatalmlatpafaaddlklprqkvelvappfvhaheqatkqgpkimefkltieekkvvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvettlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkghalkydkvyyvgeqdmyvprdekgnfksydspgeafteteevmkklipshvvfngkvgaltgknaltanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkwnddlmmqvkapaeipastn
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqpldmtqmdvnvmdqirhmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalessgrnvvefnltgesvelpimggktynamtfseqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmsashfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfhdadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdtnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfienqgnepvffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Marivirga_tractuosa_DSM_4126  coded_by=3186088..3187575,organism=Marivirga tractuosa DSM 4126,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mkthrktqnritylffallfpflfsacqqqeeivksnrnknedikvlgtmkaeltapphvpkpigkrtakrlfvdmeiieevaemddgveyvywtfggsvpgsfirtrvgdiveftlknhpdnklphnidlhavtgqgggaeasfvapgqqktfsfktlnpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveplgglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkhgekglqdfdlqkavdenpdyvvfngkvgaltgenaltaqvgetvriffgnggpnlassfhvigeifdrvhleggesinknvqttlvpaggsamleftvespdnlvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilsvsgeenhvvydegteaipynpqseiaestppeekkveaqveeqapspadfdlqtsiakgkkiysqnclachqaegqgipktfpplagsdyinghpekainavvngltgeikvngetynsampaqrlsdedvaavlnyvysnwgnngttitpeqvknnk
>Actinobacillus_minor_NM305  coded_by=complement(24973..26028),organism=Actinobacillus minor NM305,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkktffllgflsssafaipvaelvpaaqlptieaelttapnvpkplerttpakvvvkleslekimpidkgvqfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvevqlsnpingkmehaidfhsaaapdggaeasltapgksttfafrvmtpglyvyhcgaapvgvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefyimqnefyvkdganpnlkvfdmmkadyelpdyvvfngkvgalteqnalkarvgenvrffvgnagpnkissfhligrtfdtvyveggtlqnhnvqttlipaggttivememqvpgkytfldhslfraekgakgqlivegegnpeiyqgkikeerfdkrnpdadvnagfth
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_ATCC_17025  coded_by=1637846..1638970,organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides ATCC 17025,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mftrraalvgaaalasaplvirtagaeeapaqlasaapvdlsnlprvkhtlvpppfahaheqvaasgpvinefemriiekevqldedaylqamtfdgsipgplmivhegdyveltlinppentmphnidfhaatgalggggltlinpgekvvlrfkatragafvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmagcimvlprdglkdhegkpvrydtvyyigesdhyipkdedgtymrfsdpsegyedmvavmdtlipshivfngavgaltgegalkakvgdnvlfvhsqpnrdsrphligghgdlvwetgkfhnaperdletwfirggsagaalykflqpgvyayvnhnlieavhkgatahvlvegewdndlmeqvvapvgltg
>Gemmatimonas_aurantiaca_T-27  coded_by=complement(3254079..3255212),organism=Gemmatimonas aurantiaca T-27,definition=putative nitrite reductase
msndptprlsdliaasdaasdrrtfltrasalslaipgmaalsacdrpdaaqssaapptkspptqypdnsnsrldstvvreehhantsvagvandasavtyhryapelppppangrlvlhwharevpvritddvvvsawtfegdvpgpilhcrvgdtieftltndvviphsidfhgaqidpkvafrsvpkgesvtftftpkyagafmyhcgtapvlmhigagmygalivspreglppakefvlvqgeyylsagnggvqvsdyqkmlstlpdhvcfngrpgqymkepirvkvgdrvrfwvvaagpshpchfhvvgeqfdsvwlgappanpirgvqtftvpaggglvfdlicdipgefpfvnhafghgqkgavgilhve
>Candidatus_Nitrosoarchaeum_koreensis_MY1  coded_by=complement(1141537..1142931),organism=Candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum koreensis MY1,definition=Multicopper oxidase
mlftiaavavmgatlfgstytqtqisgqsldvskmnadvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgaladsgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipagevtghgndmhasqmsasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaqsagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpidgynklmvektavsngkvtldrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagkmfghqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdanknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfdepgayaavnhdyaaiytgaatvfvagdpfglnprlvdagvipapvpsyayalgnpsdavppmgmnsiahpavnvhglytdevasakiasgalplweivptlppip
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._STM_3809  coded_by=58016..59110,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. STM 3809,definition=Copper-containing Nitrite reductase (NO-forming) nirK
mltrrtalfsaaiaammlatpavaedlklprqrvdlvpppfvhaheqatkqgpkimefklvvqekkmvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndghghalrydriyyigeqdlyvprdekgnfksydspgeaysdteevmrkltpthvvfngkvgaltgknaltanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkwnddlmmqvkapadiptgstn
>Ralstonia_pickettii_12J  coded_by=284137..285636,organism=Ralstonia pickettii 12J,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
msrlhtvrslmraglisvvlgallagtaaraasaklpgdfgpprgepihavltspplvpppvhrnypakvivelevvekemqisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfytagkyrekglqpfdmekaiderpsyvlfngaegaltgdkalhakvgetvrifvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdqvryeggtnvqknvqttlipaggaavvkftarvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalailkidgpesklvysgkeldsvylgdraapnmsavtkateasvsgtltvqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqgngaglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkramnivlhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnpggrvsaedvkkvraqpapakavaeh
>Ralstonia_pickettii_12D  coded_by=727931..729430,organism=Ralstonia pickettii 12D,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
msrlhtvrslmraglisvvlgallagtaaraasaklpgdfgpprgepihavltspplvpppvhrnypakvivelevvekemqisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfytagkyrekglqpfdmekaiderpsyvlfngaegaltgdkalhakvgetvrifvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdqvryeggtnvqknvqttlipaggaavvkftarvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalailkidgpesklvysgkeldsvylgdraapnmsavtkateasvsgtltvqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqgngaglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkramnivlhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnpggrvsaedvkkvraqpapakavaeh
>Pseudomonas_entomophila_L48  coded_by=5544692..5545834,organism=Pseudomonas entomophila L48,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mseqdglaltrrgilaggvllgvggtllgsglaqaaepeakaspvdlaklervsvelvappqvhahtqrapgkprivefrlvieekelavdnngafihamtfngsvpgpllvvhegdyveltlvnpagnsmmhnidfhastgalgggelthvkpgeqvklrfkadragvfvyhcapggamipwhvvcgmngaimvlprdglkdqdgrplkydkvwyigeqdyyiprdkdgkykryptpiasfadmqplmkglvpthivfngsvgaltgkqalaakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwasgkfanppqrnletwfipggaagaalytfrqpglytylnhnlieavmlgaaahvqvegqwnddlmsqveapgpik
>Aspergillus_oryzae_3.042  coded_by=join(395174..396515,396566..396880,396941..396963),organism=Aspergillus oryzae 3.042,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
mntafsslcrtksryasvttirgarrlpprllsspcsplrgpflarqistesrkgtsgfqikyvlllstaatlswllyarqhgavwldsdksyfthpdplapnngihqqkttneiqdsqketfksleaedlptekailttapnvpppitrdypvildvdltavakleqltnqykyekwtfnnsvpgpfirarvgdivnlkitnhdesgmphnidchaflgpgggsalttvnegetktarfrlqnpglyiyhcavgpvgvhiangmygllyvqpeqdlppvdkeyyvmqsefyheppepddngqmsstvefswphalreaadvvvfngseaaltekplkatlddtvriffgnggpnltssfhvigtcfnkvyrdsdvlsppgqcvqtvsvppggstivdmkmvvpgtytivdhaifrlekgakgflnvsgeprpmlyystlppqpcegfnlkykclpnevqqfvnllndishigtffigelnksstsqftisiivipgqilelwtkylskrsthnfpglwhistdssfvnttlihlslscvlaeqhvfqfylwgsvaqgq
>Aspergillus_oryzae_RIB40  coded_by=join(405288..406629,406680..406994,407055..407077),organism=Aspergillus oryzae RIB40,definition=Aspergillus oryzae RIB40 DNA, SC012
mntafsslcrtksryasvttirgarrlpprllsspcsplrgpflarqistesrkgtsgfqikyvlllstaatlswllyarqhgavwldsdksyfthpdplapnngihqqkttneiqdsqketfksleaedlptekailttapnvpppitrdypvildvdltavakleqltnqykyekwtfnnsvpgpfirarvgdivnlkitnhdesgmphnidchaflgpgggsalttvnegetktarfrlqnpglyiyhcavgpvgvhiangmygllyvqpeqdlppvdkeyyvmqsefyheppepddngqmsstvefswphalreaadvvvfngseaaltekplkatlddtvriffgnggpnltssfhvigtcfnkvyrdsdvlsppgqcvqtvsvppggstivdmkmvvpgtytivdhaifrlekgakgflnvsgeprpmlyystlppqpcegfnlkykclpnevqqfvnllndishigtffigelnksstsqftisiivipgqilelwtkylskrsthnfpglwhistdssfvnttlihlslscvlaeqhvfqfylwgsvaqgq
>Aspergillus_oryzae_100-8  coded_by=join(293117..294458,294509..294823,294884..294906),organism=Aspergillus oryzae 100-8,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
mntafsslcrtksryasvttirgarrlpprllsspcsplrgpflarqistesrkgtsgfqikyvlllstaatlswllyarqhgavwldsdksyfthpdplapnngihqqkttneiqdsqketfksleaedlptekailttapnvpppitrdypvildvdltavakleqltnqykyekwtfnnsvpgpfirarvgdivnlkitnhdesgmphnidchaflgpgggsalttvnegetktarfrlqnpglyiyhcavgpvgvhiangmygllyvqpeqdlppvdkeyyvmqsefyheppepddngqmsstvefswphalreaadvvvfngseaaltekplkatlddtvriffgnggpnltssfhvigtcfnkvyrdsdvlsppgqcvqtvsvppggstivdmkmvvpgtytivdhaifrlekgakgflnvsgeprpmlyystlppqpcegfnlkykclpnevqqfvnllndishigtffigelnksstsqftisiivipgqilelwtkylskrsthnfpglwhistdssfvnttlihlslscvlaeqhvfqfylwgsvaqgq
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_354a  coded_by=5400..6950,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 354a,definition=anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Idiomarina_loihiensis_GSL_199  coded_by=819042..820193,organism=Idiomarina loihiensis GSL 199,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mktlslsiisasllaamasapvnaeelslkhdseyvidgkifglpeakvyredyngpavvgdyltqvpniakldyegnkthdirmdvfsqkievapgvtysawtfggsvpgpvlhvregdrvifkmknrsdeevtitkpvkngapfiqqlqangyqnnqpvvnpmphsmdfhsgtvaaedkwrtispgetiefewianyagtymyhcgtssvlmhtamgqygavvvspkdgyptdkdvdkefvlvqsehyleeasegnyiynhgaaldrqpshvtfnghvaalsdnplranegdrvrlhvlnagpsgtssfhvigaifdrvwyegdprnewygmqtvllgasnsatiefivpeegiyklvdhefadaergaagaliagprkek
>Idiomarina_loihiensis_L2TR  coded_by=818927..820078,organism=Idiomarina loihiensis L2TR,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mktlslsiisasllaamasapvnaeelslkhdseyvidgkifglpeakvyredyngpavvgdyltqvpniakldyegnkthdirmdvfsqkievapgvtysawtfggsvpgpvlhvregdrvifkmknrsdeevtitkpvkngapfiqqlqangyqnnqpvvnpmphsmdfhsgtvaaedkwrtispgetiefewianyagtymyhcgtssvlmhtamgqygavvvspkdgyptdkdvdkefvlvqsehyleeasegnyiynhgaaldrqpshvtfnghvaalsdnplranegdrvrlhvlnagpsgtssfhvigaifdrvwyegdprnewygmqtvllgasnsatiefivpeegiyklvdhefadaergaagaliagprkek
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagtfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaiidpidgykklmvektsvsngqvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwngiehkqyqsqllfvengqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsgatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_375  coded_by=11235..12329,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 375,definition=Copper-containing Nitrite reductase (NO-forming) nirK
mltrrtamfsaaiaamilaapavaddlklprqrvdlvappfvhvheqatkqgpkimefklvvqekkmvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndghghslrydriyyigeqdlyvprdekgnfksydspgeaysdteevmrkltpthvvfngkagaltgknalnanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnapetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaanlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapadiptgstn
>Neisseria_meningitidis_N1568  coded_by=complement(2660..3820),organism=Neisseria meningitidis N1568,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaasaeaassaaqtaaetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Flavobacterium_columnare_ATCC_49512  coded_by=complement(369158..370597),organism=Flavobacterium columnare ATCC 49512,definition=putative nitrite reductase
mikhlifsaslasllligckkasnsssidpasievegdpiqaeltappfvpkpvgdrsakklivnmeiiekegemadgvkyvywtyggsvpgsfirtrigdevefhlknhpnnklphnidlhavtgpgggakssfvapghevtfsfkvlnqglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgangekglqpfdmakaikeepdyvvfngktgslvgdnaltakvgerirlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdnvhieggktinhdvqttlvpaggaaivdfkvevpgtlilvdhsifrtfnkgslgminvtgednkkvysgtqsdqvylpeggtiqsmpnervvkpakavtlteriadgksvygktcfachqasgeglpnafpplaksdflnadinraieiilkgktgeitvngkkfnsvmtaqtltdeevanvltyvysqwgnskkevtpamvaavrakk
>Brucella_sp._NF_2653  coded_by=complement(20440..21570),organism=Brucella sp. NF 2653,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing protein
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatrpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_sp._BO1  coded_by=72773..73903,organism=Brucella sp. BO1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing protein
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatrpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Brucella_suis_bv._4_str._40  coded_by=15308..16438,organism=Brucella suis bv. 4 str. 40,definition=nitrite reductase
madqiqvnrrtilagaalagalgpvlsatsawgqgtmrkasaeeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahtqvaeggpkvvqftmvieekkividdagtevhamtfngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntllhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektvlrfkatrpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngavmvlpreglhdgkgnkltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdengnyktyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkaltakvgekvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaaaaafytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsilapsgm
>Geobacillus_thermodenitrificans_NG80-2  coded_by=complement(1703113..1704696),organism=Geobacillus thermodenitrificans NG80-2,definition=Multicopper oxidase family protein
mkkllvgtilagvvvigaacsnnashssmqghdmsnmnmkeenttkdsskqlplaintevlsgkeinltakeallqindkvklpvytyngsvpgaqirikqgdrvkinfknelpepttihwhgypvpnsqdgvpgvtmnaikpgetftyeftatvpgtyfyhshqdsskqldkglygtlivepkneekvdrdytlvldewmsnpdegnmhmsgmdhsnmghgnssnnqhmdmssmghdmsmydiftingksgsavkplkvkkgekvrlrlvnagymshklhlhghefkivatdgqplkdpqpikdellniapgerydiefiannpgewllechgdmegtdgmkvkiqyedqtnntdkenakkdlpivdmtkygkhelgqftldqkydveytmdlgtamgkdgmiftingktypetapvnvnkgdlvkvklvnnspkdlhpmhlhghffqvlskngkpitgsplikdtlnlkpgeeyvvafkadnpgnwmfhchdlhhasagmvtevkykdyksdytpnpndttnkpe
>Taylorella_equigenitalis_MCE9  coded_by=564908..566116,organism=Taylorella equigenitalis MCE9,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrnlllssllatslfgagvalaaqpattttgglpgyevkkapdsiknlehvkldlktppfvhehsletpkaprlvevtmeiqekeievepgvfmwafayngsvpgplivvhegdyveltlknkatntlvhnidfhastgalgggeltyvapgqqvklrwkaikpgvhiyhcapggtmipwhvvhgmngavvvlpkgglkdkngkqlkydrayyigeqdfyipkdkdgkwmrfenasmsyaddvqvmnklvpthivfgerkhqytgenamtakvgetvmiyhsqanrqsyphligghgeyvwergnladtpvtdietwmiaggsagaamytfkqpgtytylshnlieavnlgalahikvdgtwdndlmeqtaapavmedsatapatqpaepakeaepakqaq
>Taylorella_equigenitalis_14/56  coded_by=906229..907437,organism=Taylorella equigenitalis 14/56,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mkrnlllssllatslfgagvalaaqpattttgglpgyevkkapdsiknlehvkldlktppfvhehsletpkaprlvevtmeiqekeievepgvfmwafayngsvpgplivvhegdyveltlknkatntlvhnidfhastgalgggeltyvapgqqvklrwkaikpgvhiyhcapggtmipwhvvhgmngavvvlpkgglkdkngkqlkydrayyigeqdfyipkdkdgkwmrfenasmsyaddvqvmnklvpthivfgerkhqytgenamtakvgetvmiyhsqanrqsyphligghgeyvwergnladtpvtdietwmiaggsagaamytfkqpgtytylshnlieavnlgalahikvdgtwdndlmeqtaapavmedsatapatqpaepakeaepakqaq
>Taylorella_equigenitalis_ATCC_35865  coded_by=1648030..1649238,organism=Taylorella equigenitalis ATCC 35865,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mkrnlllssllatslfgagvalaaqpattttgglpgyevkkapdsiknlehvkldlktppfvhehsletpkaprlvevtmeiqekeievepgvfmwafayngsvpgplivvhegdyveltlknkatntlvhnidfhastgalgggeltyvapgqqvklrwkaikpgvhiyhcapggtmipwhvvhgmngavvvlpkgglkdkngkqlkydrayyigeqdfyipkdkdgkwmrfenasmsyaddvqvmnklvpthivfgerkhqytgenamtakvgetvmiyhsqanrqsyphligghgeyvwergnladtpvtdietwmiaggsagaamytfkqpgtytylshnlieavnlgalahikvdgtwdndlmeqtaapavmedsatapatqpaepakeaepakqaq
>Taylorella_equigenitalis  coded_by=108666..109874,organism=Taylorella equigenitalis,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrnlllssllatslfgagvalaaqpattttgglpgyevkkapdsiknlehvkldlktppfvhehsletpkaprlvevtmeiqekeievepgvfmwafayngsvpgplivvhegdyveltlknkatntlvhnidfhastgalgggeltyvapgqqvklrwkaikpgvhiyhcapggtmipwhvvhgmngavvvlpkgglkdkngkqlkydrayyigeqdfyipkdkdgkwmrfenasmsyaddvqvmnklvpthivfgerkhqytgenamtakvgetvmiyhsqanrqsyphligghgeyvwergnladtpvtdietwmiaggsagaamytfkqpgtytylshnlieavnlgalahikvdgtwdndlmeqtaapavmedsatapatqpaepakeaepakqaq
>Cardiobacterium_hominis_ATCC_15826  coded_by=3262..4452,organism=Cardiobacterium hominis ATCC 15826,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mrktwlslsvaaslaiaapasfaaegaahtgglegykvgvqaegldklehvkqvlvpppavpehtleapakprvvqvemnivekeievepgvfmwafaynntvpgpmivvhegdyveltlkndsknqlihnidfhastgalgggdlthvapgqevvlrfkatkpgvfiyhcapggamipwhlvhgmngailvipkdgikdkngnklhydkayyigeqdyyipkdkdgkykrydnpsasfaddkevmdklipthivfgeskgslvgdnamtakvgetvmfyhsqanrytyphiigghgeyvwergnladppaqdletwsiaagsagaamytfkqpgtyayvnhnlieafnlgaaghirvdgewnndlmeqvkapgpmaggesaaapadsgqaapakk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_str._Aberdeen  coded_by=complement(13634..15022),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae str. Aberdeen,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksatldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_HC02  coded_by=complement(1909278..1910666),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae HC02,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksatldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_PW8  coded_by=complement(1948944..1950332),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae PW8,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksatldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_HC04  coded_by=complement(1879370..1880758),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae HC04,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksatldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_INCA_402  coded_by=complement(1898143..1899531),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae INCA 402,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksatldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._gravis_str._ISS_4746  coded_by=complement(13636..15024),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. gravis str. ISS 4746,definition=multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksatldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._gravis_str._ISS_4749  coded_by=complement(13635..15023),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. gravis str. ISS 4749,definition=multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksatldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Afipia_sp._1NLS2  coded_by=24985..25935,organism=Afipia sp. 1NLS2,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mnrtlratlmaggvvamaacasaiasdaeaktvkvhltaketmvpidneghkaigwtydgqipgpvvrategdtieftltndpgnknshsidfhaaradvltafapikpgetksftftadhpgaffyhcgadpmiqhiargmigaiiidpkdsnempkadreyvlvehqtfdnpedvkgmmannwqhdafnavpfqydpvhdvnatqtleakpgervriylinagpnefsgfhpiagiwdrvypsgnpknvlvgmqnytvapgdaatfdiispkegayalvnhsmraalsgsiavimfsnkadpsmghgdkilprm
>Afipia_felis  coded_by=complement(828560..829510),organism=Afipia felis,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnrtlratlmaggvvamaacasaiasdaeaktvkvhltaketmvpidneghkaigwtydgqipgpvvrategdtieftltndpgnknshsidfhaaradvltafapikpgetksftftadhpgaffyhcgadpmiqhiargmigaiiidpkdsnempkadreyvlvehqtfdnpedvkgmmannwqhdafnavpfqydpvhdvnatqtleakpgervriylinagpnefsgfhpiagiwdrvypsgnpknvlvgmqnytvapgdaatfdiispkegayalvnhsmraalsgsiavimfsnkadpsmghgdkilprm
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmlektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqsgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_C54  coded_by=11281..12363,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans C54,definition=dissimilatory copper-containing nitrite reductase
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=580..1662,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=dissimilatory copper-containing nitrite reductase
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=822..1904,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=Nitrite Reductase (NiR)
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(52238..53320),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=155686..156768,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=618867..619949,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=144039..145121,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(260698..261780),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(12275..13357),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(11713..12795),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(248238..249320),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(12073..13155),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=42667..43749,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(55391..56473),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(12322..13404),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=141001..142083,organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_NBRC_15126_=_ATCC_27061  coded_by=2395488..2396570,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans NBRC 15126 = ATCC 27061,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans  coded_by=2389814..2390896,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_C54  coded_by=2208636..2209718,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans C54,definition=nitrite reductase
mnalrptllaaalaftmaagtawaqdadklphtkvtlvappqvhpheqatksgpkvveftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyvqltlvnpatnamphnvdfhgatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvsgmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplhydraytigefdlyipkgpdgkykdyatlaesygdtvqvmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapapipr
>Mesorhizobium_alhagi_CCNWXJ12-2  coded_by=complement(7112..7975),organism=Mesorhizobium alhagi CCNWXJ12-2,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mevtgslsegasyhywtfnkkvpgpfvrarvgdtieveltnradsserhsvdfhavtgpgggaaatdaapgeskafsfkalkpglyvyhcavplaaqhiangmyglilvepegglpsvdrefyvmqgeiytavahgskgkltesvdklideepeyfvfngaanaldgdnaleakvgetvriyfgvggpnktssfhvigemfdrayqlaslsseplqdvqtisvppggaavvdlklevpgeyalvdhalsraarglvgklkvhgserpdvfsgreadkpaaehgaesh
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_11_str._56153  coded_by=4202..5281,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 11 str. 56153,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkkslialcftsffaaaplmaeqmkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvevqvsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpelytgktkeqqydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_9_str._CVJ13261  coded_by=4194..5273,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 9 str. CVJ13261,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkkslialcftsffaaaplmaeqmkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvevqvsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpelytgktkeqqydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Corynebacterium_pseudogenitalium_ATCC_33035  coded_by=complement(158067..159434),organism=Corynebacterium pseudogenitalium ATCC 33035,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mlsvsssqpadkpapkdsswaswlligialaavialavvnstgkgtesaapvssgetqtidvgvdgmaftpssididpgthlvvnftnsgdqvhdlkigdaetgrvdpgetvqldagvidssvdgyctiaghkmqgmtfkvnvgdgaaaghdhavssasnphvdvptaaelgaqrddfsafdatlqpaaetkthketwtmteevvevapgikqmrwlfngqapgptlrgkvgdkfeitiknegsmahsidfhagevnpdktmksiqpgeeltykftanrsgiwmyhcstmpmslhiangmagnviidppdlkpvdaeynfmatdvflgeestgadaqrvadgrfdlmafnyypgqydaepikakvgdtvrlwltnlgpdqplsfhvvgeqfdtaykegaylirnedstgsqaldllpaqggfvemtfnepgtysfvnhimtnaekgqhgkfivte
>Micromonospora_aurantiaca_ATCC_27029  coded_by=complement(4488698..4490050),organism=Micromonospora aurantiaca ATCC 27029,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
msarteapvprplggaavglalvlvavlvgvaaqrvsgdapvpaaatavtptghtttvtvvadgmrfhpdridvprgdrlvieltnrdnrrhdlvlasgartplltrggdarldagvigatvegwcslpahrqagmtlrivptgatvtaptgtavategtrprldamadpgaafvardatappappgrlhrrelhvrevvrevapgvrqrlwtfdgtvpgpvlrgrvgdtfeitlvndgtldhgidfhagavapdevmrpidpgqrltyrftatragiwmyhcstmpmlhhigngmygavivdppdlprvdreyvlvqsefylgpdgepgdlaamqaerpdavvfngypaqyahrplparagervrvwlldagpnrdssfhivgaqfdtvyreghwenrptdpggaqvlsltpagggfvetvfpaaghypfvshamvdaergarglfevr
>Symbiobacterium_thermophilum_IAM_14863  coded_by=826226..827293,organism=Symbiobacterium thermophilum IAM 14863,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
malalgaaawashrttaeelrdlawrvenltrtvkpatdfgspregaadirrnptdlpgpvarrepahvkveletveldgvladgttytywtfngtvpgpfirvragdtveltlknagnsanvhsidlhavtgpgggaastqvapgesrtftfkalnpglyiyhcasphipthiaqgmyglilvepenglppvdrefyvmqgeiyaagrakdgghqpfagdllyreqpnyvvfngafqaltgdqamtarvgerirlfvgnagpnpassfhvigeifdvvyteggttaaenigvtlipsggaviveftaevpgryqlvdhsisravdkgavayidvvgdpnpeiyhdpaghpmggh
>Marinobacter_sp._ELB17  coded_by=105159..106331,organism=Marinobacter sp. ELB17,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
megktsktsavneqrrnfisgsisagflgagiaaglvpalaqaesgkqvnrmasytadqlervkqvlvvppmvpahdqvakgkpkvievrldveekqidlengakswvcafngsvpgplivchqhdyveltlvnpktnmlahnidlhaatgalgggeltlvspgeevtfrfkatkvgtfvyhcapggvmipwhvvmgmngaimvlpreglndgdgnnltydkayyigeqdfyipkneqgkhkaydtvlgsmnetlevmktltpshvvfngavgaltgqnsmtaklgetvlfvhsqanrdtrphiigghgdyvwntgsfndrpsrnletwhiaggsagaalytfmqpglyvyvnhnlieaimkgaaghikvdgewnddlmtqvskpspiks
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_CCUG_29243  coded_by=complement(2283474..2284661),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri CCUG 29243,definition=nitrite reductase
mrvpegavvqinlingdgavhdiaipefdaasseisgkgaatgivfratksgtfeyyctlpghkaagmvgklivgdgpaavveqgkdlskdpmqvgepvgdrepksitldlrtteeegrladgstykfwtfdgtvpgpmvriregdtvtlnlsnepdsahihsidlhavtgpgggaavtqvapgqtrsftfkalqpglyvyhcatpmvaqhisngmyglilvepegglpkvdhefyvmqgelytasprgarglhefsldmllgetpqhmmfngatdaltkthkmevnagdsvriffgvggpnlissfhvigeifdkvfdqasltsppltdvqttlvpaggatmvefvadypgryilvdhalsraekglsgvltvkgdadssifsspepidphsgh
>Pseudomonas_sp._BICA1-14  coded_by=complement(9493..10680),organism=Pseudomonas sp. BICA1-14,definition=nitrite reductase
mrvpegavvqinlingdgavhdiaipefdaasseisgkgaatgivfratksgtfeyyctlpghkaagmvgklivgdgpaavveqgkdlskdpmqvgepvgdrepksitldlrtteeegrladgstykfwtfdgtvpgpmvriregdtvtlnlsnepdsahihsidlhavtgpgggaavtqvapgqtrsftfkalqpglyvyhcatpmvaqhisngmyglilvepegglpkvdhefyvmqgelytasprgarglhefsldmllgetpqhmmfngatdaltkthkmevnagdsvriffgvggpnlissfhvigeifdkvfdqasltsppltdvqttlvpaggatmvefvadypgryilvdhalsraekglsgvltvkgdadssifsspepidphsgh
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae  coded_by=complement(183577..184965),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae,definition=Putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_C7_(beta)  coded_by=complement(1918098..1919486),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae C7 (beta),definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_VA01  coded_by=complement(1846931..1848319),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae VA01,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_DSM_43988  coded_by=complement(13673..15061),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae DSM 43988,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_241  coded_by=complement(1884058..1885446),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae 241,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._intermedius_str._NCTC_5011  coded_by=complement(13590..14978),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. intermedius str. NCTC 5011,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_HC01  coded_by=complement(1884658..1886046),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae HC01,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._gravis_str._ISS_4060  coded_by=complement(13588..14976),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. gravis str. ISS 4060,definition=multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae_bv._mitis_str._ISS_3319  coded_by=complement(14095..15483),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae bv. mitis str. ISS 3319,definition=multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae  coded_by=complement(59113..60501),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae,definition=multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Corynebacterium_diphtheriae  coded_by=complement(1882554..1883942),organism=Corynebacterium diphtheriae,definition=putative multicopper oxidase
metkestwsaiwavggvaaimlailaglgydtvrtalmtrqeatvaapvkptgettevtvvatenmsyepsvvevpvgneliinlvnndphnghdlvvgdkktdrvapgksttldvglitesmtgfcsvaghrqmgmtlrinagshahhqhgslsehfhqstrisapispvlspleqrttsvtheatftvsevplevapgvwqtrwtfngsgvgptlhgkvgdkfritlvnngtighsidfhagelapdekmrtigpgesliyeftagragiwmyhcstmpmaahiaagmhgavviepvdlapvdkqfvlvqsevyvdspasspqeatelrseaigseppnytvfngiafqydqekldvkvgervrfwvldagpnvplsfhivggqfdttwtegaytlyrgsggiagthgvghdggaqvlpllpaqggfveltfdepgnyavvnhlmseaergargtvrvtk
>Nitrosospira_sp._CT2F  coded_by=<1..>565,organism=Nitrosospira sp. CT2F,definition=NirK
ykywtfnnkvpgpfvrirmgdtvtvklrnakdsahihsidfhavtgpgggatvtqvapgqnksftfkalhpglfvyhcatpmvaqhiangmygmilvepeggmpevdrefyvmqgelytaqrygapglhefslekllaenpghlmfngtmdaltktyqmkanvgenvriyfgvggpnltssfhvigev
>Candidatus_Nitrosoarchaeum_koreensis_MY1  coded_by=complement(1196634..1197962),organism=Candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum koreensis MY1,definition=Multicopper oxidase type 3
mmivvacfgvalgmvffvmdtplqsfaenqsvhnspitrtytviaedttleiapdtrveawtyngtipgptlrategdrviinfinngklphtmhfhgdhnekndgvfqevlpgesytydfiaepagafmyhchvmpvsshirnglygafivdpkegvepareyvlvkgeydledqetwtpdyvffngyadqywsnplpavtnelvrlyyidmgaipafgfhihgtifdtiisgiwenepiktqtwevspgnaaifeakwkepgrylfhlhgtpeergtmayfdvknpptnaidgidvsktksidmwnwqkqiltdlqqadsdakitqtttvtsgheqhnilaqiqveseiietnicdiekdsavktsnksyypkltqiksgdtiswtnkdvsvhtvtskddlfdsgmmmpgdtfkqkfadvglydyycmlhpwmtgtiksv
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiggqsldinkmdadvieqihqmggldlvmpqafaetdcgalsktgrnlvefnltgesvklpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipsdevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesinpgesktycyiaqsagvfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpadgykklmvektsgsgkidrkfydadalefqiqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwngielkqyqsqllfvennqhvrifaenhgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqnmivdivfd
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiggqsldinkmdadvieqihqmggldlvmpqafaetdcgalsktgrnlvefnltgesvklpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipsdevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesinpgesktycyiaqsagvfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpadgykklmvektsgsgkidrkfydadalefqiqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmlhnilvkgdanknifvaqpwngielkqyqsqllfvennqhvrifaenhgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqnmivdivfd
>Methylocystis_sp._ATCC_49242  coded_by=956..2098,organism=Methylocystis sp. ATCC 49242,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mrpiakiflgigvltfnsmpmhaendlnlarekvtlvappfvhaheqatkskpkvvelsltviekplviddsgttvpgstfngsvpgplivvhegdyveatlinpqsnkmahsvdfhaatgalggaaltlvnpgeqvalrwratragvfvyhcapggsmiplhvvsgmsgavmvlprdglkdetgkslhydrvfyigendfyvprddkgkflriddasdffpktlevmhqlvpshvvfegkvgaltgknalqanvgetvliihsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfhnppqrdletwfirggsagaalytfrqpgiyaylshnlieavelgatahfkvegkwndalmkrvsephsiaaaeaskeqpklpnhvapnpgh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqspdaskldvdvmeqihamgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalensgrkvvefnlegysvelpimggktynamtfdgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipdwevtghgndmhasqitagafesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagifkyhcsgvklvgmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfysadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvlgdtnknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqlmfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=4258..5322,organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mktktflatvsaaalialsgigaasattlyaepkvkepavdivqdpaavpapeaagkrapkthnvvltttevearlddgttytywtfnnkvpgpmvrvrvgdtvnvsmtnapgsvmnhsidfhaatgflgggqitqaepgqtkefsfkamapgvyvyhcatpmvaqhiakgmfglivvepedglpkvdkefyvmqqeiyatkaknlpaaeddydglvnekpgylvfngavgglvkdkplkasvgetvriwfgvggpnftssfhvigeifdrvhnlgaldtpplknvqtvsvapggatmvefkvdypgkyalvdhalsratkgligilevdgkaddsiildksgdsrkqlgemkh
>Azospirillum_brasilense_Sp245  coded_by=2128..3192,organism=Azospirillum brasilense Sp245,definition=copper-containing dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mktktflatvsaaalialsgigaasattlyaepkvkepavdivqdpaavpapeaagkrapkthnvvltttevearlddgttytywtfnnkvpgpmvrvrvgdtvnvsmtnapgsvmnhsidfhaatgflgggqitqaepgqtkefsfkamapgvyvyhcatpmvaqhiakgmfglivvepedglpkvdkefyvmqqeiyatkaknlpaaeddydglvnekpgylvfngavgglvkdkplkasvgetvriwfgvggpnftssfhvigeifdrvhnlgaldtpplknvqtvsvapggatmvefkvdypgkyalvdhalsratkgligilevdgkaddsiildksgdsrkqlgemkh
>Aspergillus_oryzae  coded_by=169..1527,organism=Aspergillus oryzae,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mntafsslcrtksryasvttirgarrlpprllsspcsplrgpflarqistesrkgtsgfqikyvlllstaatlswllyarqhgavwldsdksyfthpdplapnngihqqkttneiqdsqketfksleaedlptekailttapnvpppitrdypvildvdltavakleqltnqykyekwtfnnsvpgpfirarvgdivnlkitnhdesgmphnidchaflgpgggsalttvnegetktarfrlqnpglyiyhcavgpvgvhiangmygllyvqpeqdlppvdkeyyvmqsefyheppepddngqmsstvefswphalreaadvvvfngseaaltekplkatlddtvriffgnggpnltssfhvigtcfnkvyrdsdvlsppgqcvqtvsvppggstivdmkmvvpgtytivdhaifrlekgakgflnvsgeprpmlyystlppqpcegcklhp
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1005,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvdvmeqihamgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalessgrnvvefnlegysvelpimggktfnamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipdwevtghsndmhasqitagafesvnpgetsqycyiaeaagifkyhcsgvklvgmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgqldrmfypadalefqmqynqlyltpegnydagamfmhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvlgdtnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqlmfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Rhodanobacter_fulvus_Jip2  coded_by=56737..57657,organism=Rhodanobacter fulvus Jip2,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mklkhlsyaltlalvaagslqaktvditltakevslpidnkgtmattwtfdgqvpgplvrvtegdtvnvtlindkanhnshsidmhasqedvltdfepvspgsvgkytfvakhpgvffyhcgadpmiqhvargmygailvepkdstmpkadreyvlvqseqypnpenvpemmankwshvvfngipfrydpvhdeaaskmlqakpgelvriyfvnagpnefssfhpiagiwesvypsgnpknvlhgmqsyvvgpgdaatfdirspkeganaivshslrqaltgaiavlqftndadpamghgdniivr
>Myroides_odoratimimus_CIP_101113  coded_by=82865..84364,organism=Myroides odoratimimus CIP 101113,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
miykneqkntvmntkvqtlktklgvlllslglltiggcqqkdktptkmtpemaeqivvkgeaeaeltapplvpkpvgkrdatklivnleileqegemvdgvkymywtfggtvpgsfirtrvgdeveftlknhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggaasslvapghevtfsfktlhpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgnygekglqpfdmnkalkeqpdyvvfnghvnglvnenaitakvgetvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdrvhvegadlinenvqttlipaggaaivefkvntpgtfvlvdhsifrafnkgalgmlkvegdenqkvfagkikegiylpeggtiqnmpkepakrevienktlaqqiadgksvftrtcfachqsegqgiekifpplaksdylnadvnraiktvinglqgeitvnkvkynsimtsqnlsdqeiadvltyvynswgnnktvvspqmvqknr
>Afipia_sp._1NLS2  coded_by=complement(470321..471448),organism=Afipia sp. 1NLS2,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing protein
mltrrtmlacaavsallvtapaladelsslphvkvnlvappfihpheqatkappsviqfrmevqekelvidndgtkihamtfngsvpgpmmvvhqgdyveltlinpstntlahnidfhsstgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatragvfvyhcapggsmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglkdetgkplhydkayyigeqdfyvprddkgkyktyasagdsypdtvevmrklipthevfngrvdsltgknalqakvgervliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwetgkfanppekdletwfirggsagaalytfrqpgiyayvnhnlieavelgataqfkvdgkwdddlmkqvqppspikpadklgalqrpqgni
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_849_str._F0330  coded_by=complement(2776..>4178),organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 849 str. F0330,definition=hypothetical protein
asaasapsgglirsadrrgilmglltagaavvvgsvignrgqgtgaqdveatgntvnatitvqgmrfvpdtvdvtpgdrlvitldntadqvhdlvlatgqstgrvaagakgtldagivsgpvegwcsiaghraqgmvfhvtaggvgagthqhgggqsrrtgsgkdavpdysahlpadfkafeaalpaapsspdggpmthrhtftvteqvmqvgggvtqrrmtfngqvpgpvlrgkvgdtfeitlvndgtmshsidfhagitppdeamrsinpgeslvytftaqhsgiwlyhcstspmslhlaagmhgaviidppglpavdreyaivasevylgpeggepntdkiaaktpdlmtfngvafqyhqqplkarvgervrfwvmaagpslptsfhavglqfdqvffegawtlggpsqigaawsggsqalglhpaqggfvecvasepghyvfvshsfadmekgahgvlevta
>Neisseria_bacilliformis_ATCC_BAA-1200  coded_by=complement(19527..20765),organism=Neisseria bacilliformis ATCC BAA-1200,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqtlaaliaaafalaacnddnkqaatqpagesstpavqtasaapeapaqsaeadvpvdqlpvidavtthapevpppvnrdhaalvkvkmetvektmkmadgvdytywtfngdvpgqmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhasngtgggsaatftapgrtstfrwkalqsglyiyhcavapvgmhvgngmyglvlvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkygepghqafdmdkairedadyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkskvgdkvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveagklvnenvqstlipaggaaiiefktdipgsftivdhsifrafnkgalgqlvvegedhpeimtkklsdnayqpaggaatgaasgasapaasapaasapaaasgasapaaegh
>Ochrobactrum_anthropi  coded_by=694..1824,organism=Ochrobactrum anthropi,definition=nitrite reductase (copper contain type)
maeqmqisrrtilakaalagalapvlattsawgqgavrkataaeiaalprqkvelvdppfvhahsqvaeggpkvveftmvieekkividdagtevhamafngtvpgplmvvhqddyleltlinpetntlmhnidfhaatgalgggglteinpgektilrfkatkpgvfvyhcappgmvpwhvvsgmngaimvlpreglhdgkgkaltydkiyyvgeqdfyvprdengkykkyeapgdayedtvkvmrtltpthvvfngavgaltgdkamtaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfntppdvdqetwfipggaagaafytfqqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahfkvtgewnddlmtsvlapsgt
>Bradyrhizobium_japonicum_USDA_110  coded_by=7805819..7806922,organism=Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 110,definition=respiratory nitrite reductase
mlpmftrraalisaaatalmlatpalaaddlklprqkvelvappfvhaheqatkqgpkivefkltieekkvvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvettlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatktgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndgkghalkydkvyyvgeqdmyvprdekgnfksydspgeaftdteemmkklipshvvfngkvgaltgknaltanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfgnapevgletwfirggsagaamykfmqpgiyayvthnlieaadlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapaeipantn
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_6_str._Femo  coded_by=36134..37144,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 6 str. Femo,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpelytgktkeqqydkanpdadidagyvh
>Kingella_kingae_PYKK081  coded_by=complement(101261..102793),organism=Kingella kingae PYKK081,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mkictlaaliasafaltacqqpqtsakpaepastkpaettaasspaqaapaqaasepevaaadlpvidavlthapeapppvnrnhaarvkvkieiqekvmrmadgveykfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdivdvefanrsdstvphnidfhaatgpgggaeasftapghvsnfsfkalqpglyiyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglppvdkefyvvqgdfytkgkygeaglqpfdmekaireqpdyvvfngnvgsiagdnalkakvgdkirlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdtvyveggalknynvqttlvpaggaaivdfkvdvpgtynlvdhsifrtfnkgalgqikvegeenkdifsgkltegiyhseggaiqtapltasetakvaagpatasskedriklgetvykanclachgvegkgvegafpplaesdylnadykrgihavvkglsgeitvngkkfnsvmpavalndedaanvltfvlnsfgnkggevkpeeitaark
>Taylorella_asinigenitalis_MCE3  coded_by=1551041..1552225,organism=Taylorella asinigenitalis MCE3,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkqklilsallaasvfgggiataqeaapattgglpgyevkkapdsikdlervkldlkeppfvhehsleapaaprlvevtmeieekeievepgvfmwafayngsvpgplivvhegdyveltlknkatntlvhnidfhastgalgggeltyvapgqevklrwkaikpgvhiyhcapggamipwhvvhgmngavvvlpkeglrdkegnkltydkafyigeqdfyipkdkdgkwmrfenasmsyaedvatmntlipthivfgerkhqytgenamtakvgetvmiyhsqanrqsyphligghgeyvwergnfndapvtdietwmiaggsagaamykfkqpgtytylshnlieavnfgalahikvdgvwdndlmeqtlaptmmdqeaakaeepaqdkakk
>Herminiimonas_arsenicoxydans  coded_by=complement(3204931..3205860),organism=Herminiimonas arsenicoxydans,definition=Putative copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkkktlllavsmaaamlasvavqaktvqitmtakevntpidnkgtmyrswtfegqvpgpvvhvtegdvveftlfndknnknshsmdmhagqfdilkdfesvkpgekgkftfkaehpgiffyhcgsdpmiqhiargmygaiivdpkdpkampkadreyvliqselyanpdsqddmmankwtnvmfnggifkydpvhdpaatrmlqakpgervriyfinagpnetssfhaiagiwdkvypsgnpknamtglqtyvvgpgdaasfdiispieganalvthsmrqaltggiailqftkdadpkmgrgenilvr
>Nitratireductor_aquibiodomus_RA22  coded_by=complement(100206..101309),organism=Nitratireductor aquibiodomus RA22,definition=nitrite reductase
mvtrrqalmgaaaaamlaatppmaafaneaeiaalpreqvtlvappfvhahkhvaiggpkviqftmsieekpvviddegtvlqgmtfdgsipgpmmvvhqgdyveltlvnpgsnamphnidfhaatgalgggaltlinpgeqvklrfkatragtfvyhcapegpmipwhvvsgmagtimvlprdglknekgepitydkvfyigendfyiprdedgnfksyeshgdsyadtlevmksltpthvvfngakgaltgdnamrarvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvweegkfanppakdletwfirggsagaalytflqpgvyayvnhnlieavelgatahflvegewnddlmkqveapgpipth
>Neisseria_cinerea_ATCC_14685  coded_by=6863..8035,organism=Neisseria cinerea ATCC 14685,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkrqalaaiiasmfalaacggeqaaqapaeapaasaeaassatqaasetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetiektmkmddgveyhywtfngdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgpgggaaasftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstiipaggsamvefkvdvpgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasapaksdy
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_NGR234  coded_by=1057371..1058501,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii NGR234,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagaltplvgaaaaqaeeavakiapvdvaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekklviddqgtevqamtfdgsvpgpmmvvhqddyveltlinpesntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgestvlrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgqgkpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvprdaegnykkyesagdayadtlevmrtltpshivfngavgaltgdnalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnlpdrdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahftvtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Halopiger_xanaduensis_SH-6  coded_by=2614445..2615554,organism=Halopiger xanaduensis SH-6,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mtttaanrrqfmqalgatgvvaiagclsnddvsgnsttteteavdeglpaakaadvdriardptdipapvdwteprehditirtkrvtaeiepgvtfdymtfegqvpgpmvrvrkgdrvnltfevpeetnleahnvdfhavygpgggaeattvapgdepaeisftaeyagafvyhcaipnmdqhisagmfgtilvepeeglpevdrefylgqheiytdgavgeeghhafdfdgmktedptyvvfngqaygltedgvgameaevgetarvyfanggpnftsalhpignvwhryyrdgdllsepdrnietapvapgtttvgemefpvpgpvkivdhalsragrrgalaaidvtgeenpeiydetpadnetq
>Mannheimia_succiniciproducens_MBEL55E  coded_by=complement(853773..854711),organism=Mannheimia succiniciproducens MBEL55E,definition=SufI protein
mpkpvnrttpanvvvkleaadrmmeimpgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdtvevhlsnpinsglphsldfhasaapdgtamvsstkpgrttvyrfktlssglyvyhcasipgagthigkgmfglmlvepkegfppadkefyimqnefytngsfgeqglqvfstekaayelpdyvvfnghygsmqgekalkakvgekirfyvgnagpnkassfhligktfdtvyveggtlqnhnvqttlipsggamisevtipvpgqysfidhsifradkgargtlmiegdenpeifsgklrdepydkrnpdsdidtgfkh
>Nitrosopumilus_maritimus_SCM1  coded_by=complement(1154583..1155995),organism=Nitrosopumilus maritimus SCM1,definition=hypothetical protein
mnkrvsmlftiaavavmgatlfgstytqtqiagqsldmdqmdvsvmdkirhmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalensgrnvvefnltgesvelpimggktyhamtfseqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagmfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygitivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfkhqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfdepgayaavnhdyaaiytgaatvfvagdpfglnpvlvekgvipapvasyayalgnpssavppmgmnsiahpainihglmtdnvasemqesgdyvalwevipvvaeilts
>Oligotropha_carboxidovorans_OM5  coded_by=complement(1446013..1447005),organism=Oligotropha carboxidovorans OM5,definition=multicopper oxidase, type 3
msttylktaaiaggiatalllsaapisvalaeapaatqakatqgktvkveliakevevvidneghkaigwtfngqipgpvirategdtieftlkndkanknshsidmhaaksdvmgdfapikpgesktfsyvpehagvffyhcgadpmiqhiargmigaiiidpkdpnampkadreyilvehqtfdnpedvkgmmannwqhdafnavpfqydpvhdvnatqtleakpgervriymvnagpnefsgfhpiagiwdrvypsgnpknvmvgmqnytvapgdaatfdiispkegayalvnhsmraalsgaiavlmfsdkadptmghgdkilprp
>Thermaerobacter_subterraneus_DSM_13965  coded_by=complement(4203..5336),organism=Thermaerobacter subterraneus DSM 13965,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
marptsgpqgraaqnrrrtrgwlalllglsmvavtacgsstagdsnkgqvgssgpgteqaqqveparadakvvaadptavpepvgkrppktvridleaveldgqladgttytywtfngqvpgpmlrvrvgdtvelhlknspqsgqihsidlhavngpgggavatqvkpgeekvftwkalnpglyiyhcasphipthiangmyglilvepegglppvdkefyivqgeiytdlkhgekghagydyealldeepnyvvfngasaywtgeralkakvgdririfvgnggpnlissfhvigevfdavhdqgateavhnvqttlipaggaawveftvdvpgtytlvdhsisrsidkgalaqivvegdpnpevfdapemtaegh
>Thermaerobacter_subterraneus_DSM_13965  coded_by=complement(1121807..1122940),organism=Thermaerobacter subterraneus DSM 13965,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
marptsgpqgraaqnrrrtrgwlalllglsmvavtacgsstagdsnkgqvgssgpgteqaqqveparadakvvaadptavpepvgkrppktvridleaveldgqladgttytywtfngqvpgpmlrvrvgdtvelhlknspqsgqihsidlhavngpgggavatqvkpgeekvftwkalnpglyiyhcasphipthiangmyglilvepegglppvdkefyivqgeiytdlkhgekghagydyealldeepnyvvfngasaywtgeralkakvgdririfvgnggpnlissfhvigevfdavhdqgateavhnvqttlipaggaawveftvdvpgtytlvdhsisrsidkgalaqivvegdpnpevfdapemtaegh
>Leptospira_biflexa_serovar_Patoc_strain_'Patoc_1_(Paris)'  coded_by=1105003..1106409,organism=Leptospira biflexa serovar Patoc strain 'Patoc 1 (Paris)',definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase (Major outer membrane protein Pan 1)
mvnnmnpiktkqivlflflsfllvafvncgketveeakltyapevpphidrtneakvvvnmetvevvgrladgveytfwtfggsvpgpmirvregdnvefhlknhptskmphnidlhavtgqgggaaasltipghaskfsfkalnpglyiyhcatspvgmhiangmygliyvqpkddlpkvdkeyyvvqsefytkgrngepglqpfsmekaiteipdyvvfngsvgslveeraitakvgekvrlyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdsvyteggvlanqknvqttlipaggsaivdftvdvpgtlilvdhsifrtfnkgslgmlkvegeqnpnvysgkqedtvylpegpaiqrmvtevkpkattkskeeilangarvyqsvcsachmkegqgvqgvfpplaksdylnadknraiqvlkkglsgpitvngqkynnvmphlelsneeiasvlsyvynqwgnkgimvteqevk
>Ralstonia_sp._5_7_47FAA  coded_by=complement(130126..131625),organism=Ralstonia sp. 5_7_47FAA,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
msrlhtvrslmraglisvvlgallagtaaraasaklpgdfgpprgepihavltspplvpppvnrtypakvivelevvekemqisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfytagkyrekglqpfdmekaiderpsyvlfngaegaltgdkalhakvgetvrifvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdqvryeggtnvqknvqttlipaggaavvkftarvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkidgaenklvysgkeldsvylgdraapnmsavtkatqasvsgtltvqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqgngaglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkramnivlhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnpggrvsaedvkkvraqpapakavaeh
>Ralstonia_sp._5_2_56FAA  coded_by=137645..139144,organism=Ralstonia sp. 5_2_56FAA,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
msrlhtvrslmraglisvvlgallagtaaraasaklpgdfgpprgepihavltspplvpppvnrtypakvivelevvekemqisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfytagkyrekglqpfdmekaiderpsyvlfngaegaltgdkalhakvgetvrifvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdqvryeggtnvqknvqttlipaggaavvkftarvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkidgaenklvysgkeldsvylgdraapnmsavtkatqasvsgtltvqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqgngaglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkramnivlhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnpggrvsaedvkkvraqpapakavaeh
>Ralstonia_pickettii  coded_by=1..1500,organism=Ralstonia pickettii,definition=nitrite reductase
msrlhtvrslmraglisvvlgallagtaaraasaklpgdfgpprgepihavltspplvpppvnrtypakvivelevvekemqisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfytagkyrekglqpfdmekaiderpsyvlfngaegaltgdkalhakvgetvrifvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdqvryeggtnvqknvqttlipaggaavvkftarvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkidgaenklvysgkeldsvylgdraapnmsavtkatqasvsgtltvqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqgngaglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkramnivlhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnpggrvsaedvkkvraqpapakavaeh
>Ralstonia_pickettii  coded_by=complement(403971..405470),organism=Ralstonia pickettii,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
msrlhtvrslmraglisvvlgallagtaaraasaklpgdfgpprgepihavltspplvpppvnrtypakvivelevvekemqisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpsskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglpkvdheyyvmqgdfytagkyrekglqpfdmekaiderpsyvlfngaegaltgdkalhakvgetvrifvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdqvryeggtnvqknvqttlipaggaavvkftarvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkidgaenklvysgkeldsvylgdraapnmsavtkatqasvsgtltvqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqgngaglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkramnivlhglngkikvngqeydsvmppmtqlnddevaniltyvlnswdnpggrvsaedvkkvraqpapakavaeh
>Halorhabdus_utahensis_DSM_12940  coded_by=34293..35381,organism=Halorhabdus utahensis DSM 12940,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mssipvatrrrvlqalgvggaaalagcgassdtddqpaentsptephmndpqmtdvdriaadptdvpdpidrsspatvnveletrelvaevepgvtytymtfdnqvpgplirvrkgdtvnmtvtshedntmphnidlhavrgpgggaeasmvapgetetfqfkatypgafiyhcavpnldyhiasgmyglilvepedglpevdhelyfgqnelyttgdvsqdghhdfdmdamtaeeptyvlmngesraitenrygpvtvdvgdtarvyfvnggpnltssfhpigcvwdevhpqggiggpphrniqttpvmpgsatiatmhfevpgpvklvdhalsrvarkgllavveaegdarpdlfdpdpd
>Hyphomicrobium_denitrificans_1NES1  coded_by=1190101..1191561,organism=Hyphomicrobium denitrificans 1NES1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mvfhrygaaiafmvsgliwvpaahaqqhqhatpptaaaadapaasqqskpsesdksessmsshapvvftlrtgiaegrmvyigvggdidrqvnpklvvhegetvqinlingegaqhdavidqyaarsaivsgknasstfsfiaskvgqfdyycslpghrqagmqgvlqvvpgnraempstaaditrdpadlpgpigarqaktvridletvelkgqlddkttytywtfngkvpgpflrvrvgdtvelhlknakdslmihsvdfhgatgpggaaaytqtdpgaetvvtfkalvpgifvyhcatpsvpnhitngmyglllvepegglpqvdrefyvmqgeiytvkpfgtsgeqemdyeklisekpeyflfngsvgaltrthplyanvgetvriffgvggpnftssfhvigeifdhvyalgsvtsppltgvqtvsvppggativdfkldrggryvlvdhalsrldhglvgflnvdgpkndaimhegppkq
>Hyphomicrobium_denitrificans_1NES1  coded_by=complement(606364..607824),organism=Hyphomicrobium denitrificans 1NES1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing protein
mvfhrygaaiafmvsgliwvpaahaqqhqhatpptaaaadapaasqqskpsesdksessmsshapvvftlrtgiaegrmvyigvggdidrqvnpklvvhegetvqinlingegaqhdavidqyaarsaivsgknasstfsfiaskvgqfdyycslpghrqagmqgvlqvvpgnraempstaaditrdpadlpgpigarqaktvridletvelkgqlddkttytywtfngkvpgpflrvrvgdtvelhlknakdslmihsvdfhgatgpggaaaytqtdpgaetvvtfkalvpgifvyhcatpsvpnhitngmyglllvepegglpqvdrefyvmqgeiytvkpfgtsgeqemdyeklisekpeyflfngsvgaltrthplyanvgetvriffgvggpnftssfhvigeifdhvyalgsvtsppltgvqtvsvppggativdfkldrggryvlvdhalsrldhglvgflnvdgpkndaimhegppkq
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026a  coded_by=5441..7003,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026a,definition=anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgsytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026b  coded_by=1996686..1998248,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026b,definition=anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgsytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187420..188982),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgsytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(2913389..2914951),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgsytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1026b  coded_by=complement(946338..947900),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1026b,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgsytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(69098..70660),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgsytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=862721..864283,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgsytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_ATCC_33392  coded_by=135444..136637,organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae ATCC 33392,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mneqrrdffrnsalglatitlgagfslipsaqaeekasnvtatavenlpeieaeltlapnvpkpiernypakvvvkltaleqimdlmdgvqfkfwtlngsvpapfirvregdmvevqlsnsassmmphsldfhaapvpmggamasetpptrtstfqfralrsgiylyhcgsqpvdihlakgmyglvlvepkeglpkvdrefyimqsefytkgefgdpglqpfsmkkaiderpeyvlfngkvgstmdenalkaktgetirlfvgnagpnlcssfhligavfdnvyveggtlinhnvqttlipsgsatmvetridvpgtyvfmdhsifravnkgtmghivvegeknpniysgklkdeafkeanpqkpqpvpyeidshkgmdmghshhehsdansgatrk
>Haemophilus_parainfluenzae_ATCC_33392  coded_by=complement(15122..16315),organism=Haemophilus parainfluenzae ATCC 33392,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mneqrrdffrnsalglatitlgagfslipsaqaeekasnvtatavenlpeieaeltlapnvpkpiernypakvvvkltaleqimdlmdgvqfkfwtlngsvpapfirvregdmvevqlsnsassmmphsldfhaapvpmggamasetpptrtstfqfralrsgiylyhcgsqpvdihlakgmyglvlvepkeglpkvdrefyimqsefytkgefgdpglqpfsmkkaiderpeyvlfngkvgstmdenalkaktgetirlfvgnagpnlcssfhligavfdnvyveggtlinhnvqttlipsgsatmvetridvpgtyvfmdhsifravnkgtmghivvegeknpniysgklkdeafkeanpqkpqpvpyeidshkgmdmghshhehsdansgatrk
>Candidatus_Acetothermus_autotrophicum  coded_by=303029..304030,organism=Candidatus Acetothermus autotrophicum,definition=oxidoreductase
mlrrdfiklalsnlfvevgasfllscrakppresvipaagvtraiqpvfkaevdhsangfdpsyiltsfdqgavqvlpngrllheykihtiskeieivpgvkfpawtyngripgptlrvregdlvrielvndddlphtihfhgihkgtmdgvfeqvvsrasftyefvaepfgvhlyhchipplsmhiskglygalivdpkqgwskvdhefvmvmhgydsdfdgkndfyavngipfhyekhpikikvgervriflvnmleyepvnsfhlhanffyyyptgtnlipseytdtimlsqgqrgilefsykhpgiymfhahqsrftelgwtglfqvee
>Neisseria_mucosa_ATCC_25996  coded_by=15513..16706,organism=Neisseria mucosa ATCC 25996,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mttmkrqalaaiiasvfalaacgeqaaqkpaeqtasatataeapasstqaaaetpaadlpvidavtthapevppaidrdhparvrvkmetiektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvdiefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeasftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveagklinenvqstlipaggaaivefkadipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtkkledkayvgsgaasapaasapadsaaapasaasagk
>Actinomyces_odontolyticus_ATCC_17982  coded_by=577690..579111,organism=Actinomyces odontolyticus ATCC 17982,definition=putative nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mspagdhspvsrtagaivgvvsvvalalaiflsnpsapttqstgtgtgtttssvtptghttrvsvgvegiaftpnhievpvgdrlvidftnsgdqrhdlvfetgvssgslasgetkeldlgiisgdvegwcslpghrelgmtlhvqatgassssssssgtsasgshahhghdhgqdaaagpatptaltdyaatidardpvlppatneterhytftvteqtvnvtssltreswtfngdapgpilrghigdtfhitlvnngtmshsldfhaglvapdnvmrsiepgqtleytfvaknagiwlyhcstapmsmhiangmfgaviidptdldkvdreyvmvaselylgadgqpadasllsalqpnamafngvpfqykahpiqiktnervrvwvmdagpnlattfhvvgtqfdtvwregayvirgggsgggwgqvltlgaaeggfveftpleaghytfvnhalslaekgqvgvfevtd
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_12_str._1096  coded_by=15144..16166,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 12 str. 1096,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
maeqmkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcganpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpeiytgktkeqkydkvnpdadidagyvh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqvgaqslgvskmnadvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafavtdcgalsdsgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktyhamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtlsipadevtghgndmhasqmsadnfesvnpgqtsqycyiaqsagtfkyhcsgvhligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpidgynklmvektsvnngkvsldrkfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdanknifvaqpwnglenkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_DX-1  coded_by=4683413..4684525,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris DX-1,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mmtrrdtllgaaatalllsavpnvafaaedeisklprqkielvappfvhahqqatkdgpkvvefklvvqekevvidedgtkfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyveltlvnpatntmphnidfhastgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrfkadragtfvyhcapggnmipwhvvsgmngammvlprdglkdrngkplhydriyyigeqdmyvpkdehgkyksfaspaesyvdtvevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgkdamtakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphiigghgdyvwetgkfanppetnletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyayvnhnlieavelgatahfkvdgkwnddlmkqvsapgpipggptn
>Rhodopseudomonas_sp._2-8  coded_by=16..1128,organism=Rhodopseudomonas sp. 2-8,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mmtrrdtllgaaatalllsavpnvafaaedeisklprqkielvappfvhahqqatkdgpkvvefklvvqekevvidedgtkfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyveltlvnpatntmphnidfhastgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrfkadragtfvyhcapggnmipwhvvsgmngammvlprdglkdrngkplhydriyyigeqdmyvpkdehgkyksfaspaesyvdtvevmrklipthvvfngkvgaltgkdamtakvgetvlivhsqanrdtrphiigghgdyvwetgkfanppetnletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyayvnhnlieavelgatahfkvdgkwnddlmkqvsapgpipggptn
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM255  coded_by=80412..81584,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM255,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_alpha14  coded_by=1548534..1549706,organism=Neisseria meningitidis alpha14,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggeqaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Nitrosospira_briensis  coded_by=complement(<1..>565),organism=Nitrosospira briensis,definition=NirK
ykywtfdnkvpgpfvrvrvgdtitvnlsnarnsthihsidfhavtgpgggaavtqaapgqtrsftfkalhpglfvyhcatpmvaqhiangmygmilvepeggmakvdrefyvmqgelytaqrhgtpglqefslekllaenpdhlmfngtmdalikthkmeantgenvriyfgvggpnlpssfhvigev
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldmdvmeqihqmgglqlvmpeafaetdcgalsssgrkvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtssgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndthasqmgasnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvdgykklmvektsvsngkvsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvkgdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae_serovar_6_str._Femo  coded_by=36046..37125,organism=Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serovar 6 str. Femo,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkkslialcftsffaaaplmaeqmkvenldlipaanlptveaeltvapnvpkplerdtpakvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvelqlsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpeikifdmgkasyelpdyvvfngkvgsttgenalkakvgekirlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegpenpelytgktkeqqydkanpdadidagyvh
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqisgqsldtskmdanvieqihqmgglqlvmpeafavtdcgalaetgrnvvefnltgesvtlpimggktynamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipadevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagifkyhcsgvhligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpvngykklavektsvsngkvsldrqfydadaleftlqynqlyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmvhnllvkgdanknifvaqpwnglelkqyqsqplfvengqhvrlfvenqgnepvffhivgeildrvtqdnrvqsgatetwllggsqgmivdlvfd
>Actinomyces_sp._oral_taxon_448_str._F0400  coded_by=complement(143292..144824),organism=Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 448 str. F0400,definition=multicopper oxidase domain protein
msentpatsdgddgadgdrdvgaahrgavtsgtapavgrgraaasaqdteaarraaratdrrgalfglltagaavvagtavggggerdagtepvpatgrtveasvgvegmrfvpdtvdvapgdrlvvsldntsdqvhdlvlelssgatattgrvaagavgtldagvvsgplegwcsiaghraqgmvfhvtaggrsaasggqdaspagqgaassddavpdysavlpedvaafdavlapagsgalhehtftvmeqvmhvgggvtqtrmtfngqvpgpvlrgrvgdtfritlvnegsmshsidfhagvvppddvmrsinpgenlvyefvaqragiwlyhcstapmsvhlaggmhgavvidppglegvdreylvvqseiylgpeggetdaakvaaktpdlfafngtafqyrdrplpagpgervrfwvlnagpsepmsfhcvglqfdqvffegawtlggpdrigaawsggsqalglepaqggfveavppgagtytfvthafadmekgamgrlvva
>Flavobacterium_johnsoniae_UW101  coded_by=complement(2892462..2893901),organism=Flavobacterium johnsoniae UW101,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkknncilikllvyslfvvlflgsckkeesknyadimtegemeaeltspphvpkpvgnrtavklklnmeikeqegtmtdgvkytywtfggsvpgsfirtrvgdevefhlknhpdnklphnidlhavtgpgggatsslvapghekvfsfkvinpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkeyyvmqgdfytqgeygekglqpfdmnkavketpdyvvfngkvgsltnggeltakvgetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdsvhieggstinknvqttlipaggaaivdfkvetpgtfilvdhsifrafnkgalgmlkvegkenkniysgtiqegiylpeggtiqkmpggstaktvvpkrtveekikigkeifgttcfachqsegqgipstfpplaksdylnadskraittilhgltgevtvngkkynnvmpaqnlsddeianvltyiynswgnnkteitpemvkalr
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1992493..1994043,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=putative anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_354e  coded_by=5388..6938,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 354e,definition=anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(1994303..1995853),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=hypothetical protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=631672..633222,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75366..76916,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=64536..66086,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=177635..179185,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(201924..203474),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5395..6945,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75189..76739,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(191359..192909),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(195522..197072),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5388..6938,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(190944..192494),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75114..76664,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(191517..193067),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(192164..193714),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5418..6968,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(196870..198420),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(194526..196076),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75659..77209,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(189467..191017),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5409..6959,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5395..6945,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75992..77542,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(189478..191028),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(193521..195071),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5423..6973,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75666..77216,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(189010..190560),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(191917..193467),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75883..77433,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(195814..197364),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(193752..195302),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=177587..179137,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(192960..194510),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5402..6952,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187269..188819),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=64045..65595,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187630..189180),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(193227..194777),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5402..6952,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75136..76686,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187286..188836),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(192701..194251),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(518951..520501),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=1900494..1902044,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75320..76870,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(194230..195780),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75159..76709,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(196518..198068),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187277..188827),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(196592..198142),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(95579..97129),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5467..7017,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(204379..205929),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=74622..76172,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(195216..196766),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75572..77122,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=177628..179178,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(193577..195127),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(192318..193868),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(193453..195003),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5423..6973,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75034..76584,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(525621..527171),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=64667..66217,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75309..76859,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(187286..188836),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5423..6973,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(189197..190747),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(192646..194196),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(190007..191557),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(195393..196943),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=75437..76987,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=177255..178805,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5858  coded_by=2084006..2085556,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5858,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5388..6938,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvslpnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR346  coded_by=1321924..1323387,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR346,definition=mulitcopper oxidase domain protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivefvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(519445..520908),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=multicopper oxidase family protein
mnpavdpsplsraaqalalasiggalalgactsrpsgeryapsrmdfnpgpaivtqtrhtgpfaagsalsfdaalqpldaardqairldtthtviriapgiafaawtfgnqvpgptvhvkvgdrvrlsmtnrsdepapgglqltapmmhsmdfhtamvsptdkyrsiapgqtmhfeftpnypgvfmyrcgtpmvlehiasgmygvvvvaprdgyptradreyvivqsefytkpdpqhrsvgtdalhvldgerlrrkaptytvfngryngmvtqpliakpgervrlyvlnagpsdtssfhvvgaifdrvwldgnpdnqlrgmqtvllgssgsaivefvvpeagayvmvdhqfanasqgavgvidagaheestiehhnipasatptdaeaiqgkldfeskclachtlghgaklgpdllgvtqrrsdawlrrwlaspeamvasdadaralrahypitmpgqnlsdseirryvryfhwadeaskqrdhamp
>Neisseria_polysaccharea_ATCC_43768  coded_by=complement(29238..30416),organism=Neisseria polysaccharea ATCC 43768,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqtaaetpsgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_sicca_ATCC_29256  coded_by=99889..101097,organism=Neisseria sicca ATCC 29256,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mttmkrqalaaiiasvfalaacgeqaaqkpaeqtasasapaaseapasgaqaaaetpaaelpvidavtthapevppaidrdhparvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfngdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaeasftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveagklinenvqstlipaggaaiiefkadipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtkkledkayagsgaasapaasapaapassaaapasaasagk
>Phaeobacter_gallaeciensis_2.10  coded_by=complement(202825..204048),organism=Phaeobacter gallaeciensis 2.10,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mtkrfnpglaqtsrrnvlrgtvlagaaamtgglassangagrrtsvpplrgaapqfiqaeaqaqaeaapvdlsgytrvkqelvappfapqhkqvasggpkiveieliteerlmvvdedtgaeiwaltyngsvpgpliivhegdyveltlrnptdsqmehnidfhastgalgggglthvfpgeetvlrwkatkpgcftyhcapggamipyhvthgmngaimvlprdglkdgegnplrydsiayigeqdyylpmdengdyrtyelagddyadsmdamrtlvpthsvfngavgaltgdnalrakvgetvlmihnqanrdsrphligghgnyvwetgsftdapltgieswfvrggsamaamytfeqpgvyayvnhnlieavllgatahfvvdgawdnalmeqvvaprsfet
>Phaeobacter_gallaeciensis_2.10  coded_by=158565..159788,organism=Phaeobacter gallaeciensis 2.10,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase NirK
mtkrfnpglaqtsrrnvlrgtvlagaaamtgglassangagrrtsvpplrgaapqfiqaeaqaqaeaapvdlsgytrvkqelvappfapqhkqvasggpkiveieliteerlmvvdedtgaeiwaltyngsvpgpliivhegdyveltlrnptdsqmehnidfhastgalgggglthvfpgeetvlrwkatkpgcftyhcapggamipyhvthgmngaimvlprdglkdgegnplrydsiayigeqdyylpmdengdyrtyelagddyadsmdamrtlvpthsvfngavgaltgdnalrakvgetvlmihnqanrdsrphligghgnyvwetgsftdapltgieswfvrggsamaamytfeqpgvyayvnhnlieavllgatahfvvdgawdnalmeqvvaprsfet
>Sinorhizobium_fredii_HH103  coded_by=1010580..1011710,organism=Sinorhizobium fredii HH103,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mseqfqmtrrsmlagaaiagaltplvgaasaqaeeavakiapvdiaslprvkvdlvkppfvhahtqkaeggpkvveftltieekkivvddqgtevqamtfdgsvpgpmmvvhqddyveltlinpetntlqhnidfhsatgalgggaltvvnpgestvlrfkatkagvfvyhcappgmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlpregltdgqgksltydkvyyvgeqdfyvprdaqgnykkyesagdayadtlevmrtltpthivfngavgaltgdnalkaavgekvlivhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdrdqetwfipggtagaafytfeqpgiyayvnhnlieafelgaaahftvtgdwnddlmtsvrapsgt
>Rhodobacter_sp._AKP1  coded_by=complement(53102..54169),organism=Rhodobacter sp. AKP1,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
miraagaeeapaqaaaaapadlsslprvkhklvvppfahaheqvatggpvinefemrivekevqldedawmqamtfdgsipgplmivhegdyveltlvnppentmphnidfhaatgalggggltlvnpgekvvlrfkatragtfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmagcimvlpregltdaqgkpvrydrlyyigesdhyvpkdadgtyrryadpsegyedmvavmdtltpshivfngavgaltgdkamkanvgervlfihsqpnrdsrphligghgdlvwetgkfhnppqrdletwfirggsagaalyeflqpgvyayvnhnlieavhkgatahvlvegawnndlmeqlvaptgvtg
>Rhodobacter_sphaeroides_KD131  coded_by=complement(654755..655822),organism=Rhodobacter sphaeroides KD131,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
miraagaeeapaqaaaaapadlsslprvkhklvvppfahaheqvatggpvinefemrivekevqldedawmqamtfdgsipgplmivhegdyveltlvnppentmphnidfhaatgalggggltlvnpgekvvlrfkatragtfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmagcimvlpregltdaqgkpvrydrlyyigesdhyvpkdadgtyrryadpsegyedmvavmdtltpshivfngavgaltgdkamkanvgervlfihsqpnrdsrphligghgdlvwetgkfhnppqrdletwfirggsagaalyeflqpgvyayvnhnlieavhkgatahvlvegawnndlmeqlvaptgvtg
>Achromobacter_xylosoxidans_A8  coded_by=2531273..2532355,organism=Achromobacter xylosoxidans A8,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mnalrptllamaliatmaggpaaaqnadqlerakvalvappmvhpheqvarsgpkvieftmtieekkmviddkgttlqamtfngsmpgptlvvhegdyveltlvnpatnamphnvdfhaatgalggakltnvnpgeqatlrfkadrsgtfvyhcapegmvpwhvvagmsgtlmvlprdglkdpqgkplrydraytigefdlyipkdangkykdyptlaesygdtvavmrtltpshivfngkvgaltganaltakvgetvllihsqanrdtrphligghgdwvwetgkfanppqkdletwfirggsagaalytfkqpgvyaylnhnlieafelgaaghikvegkwnddlmkqikapgpipr
>Rhodopseudomonas_palustris_CGA009  coded_by=237370..238476,organism=Rhodopseudomonas palustris CGA009,definition=nitrite reductase, major outer membrane copper-containing protein
mlfprglllnaaviavalsvtgqspaaddisklprqrielvappfvhphqqattdgpkvvefklvvhekelviddegtkiqamtfngsipgplmvvhqddyveltlinpanntmphnidlhaatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrfkadragvfvyhcapggtmipwhvvsgmngaimvlprdglkdgagkplrydriyyigeqdfyvpkddkgnyktygspaeayfdtrevmrklipthevfngrvgaltgnnamtakvgdtvliihsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnppetnletwfvrggsaaaalytfkqpgiyaylnhnliegielgasanfnvegkwnddlmtqvkaptpipagssn
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4308  coded_by=67082..68644,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4308,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR983  coded_by=3060144..3061706,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR983,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_BDU_2  coded_by=64434..65996,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei BDU 2,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR338  coded_by=31289..32851,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR338,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR346  coded_by=1368784..1370346,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR346,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_Pakistan_9  coded_by=73564..75126,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei Pakistan 9,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4304  coded_by=76592..78154,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4304,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1710b  coded_by=706804..708366,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1710b,definition=putative anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_K96243  coded_by=2027135..2028697,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei K96243,definition=putative anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2029102..2030664,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=hypothetical protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=2029125..2030687,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=hypothetical protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_NCTC_13178  coded_by=2260894..2262456,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei NCTC 13178,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1328  coded_by=627501..629063,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1328,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=174224..175786,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(175110..176672),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(192110..193672),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_K96243  coded_by=651049..652611,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei K96243,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_Pasteur_52237  coded_by=2004314..2005876,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei Pasteur 52237,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=5388..6950,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=outer membrane nitrite reductase
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=31389..32951,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=232113..233675,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4300  coded_by=complement(217711..219273),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4300,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR5609  coded_by=5587..7149,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR5609,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1357  coded_by=177650..179212,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1357,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_sp._BGJ  coded_by=808477..810039,organism=Burkholderia sp. BGJ,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_ABCPW_91  coded_by=5492..7054,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei ABCPW 91,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR332  coded_by=complement(60396..61958),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR332,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR1029  coded_by=630091..631653,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR1029,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR7500  coded_by=5466..7028,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR7500,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_Pasteur_52237  coded_by=668010..669572,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei Pasteur 52237,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=652413..653975,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_sp._BGK  coded_by=705253..706815,organism=Burkholderia sp. BGK,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_HBPUB10134a  coded_by=complement(435849..437411),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei HBPUB10134a,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_HBPUB10303a  coded_by=1274469..1276031,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei HBPUB10303a,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=13625..15187,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4372  coded_by=complement(202647..204209),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4372,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4012  coded_by=176069..177631,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4012,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei  coded_by=complement(472542..474104),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4299  coded_by=complement(187232..188794),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4299,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_MSHR4003  coded_by=complement(175394..176956),organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR4003,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpagapgaaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Moraxella_catarrhalis  coded_by=201938..203446,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase precursor
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis  coded_by=101..1609,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis,definition=Sequence 1 from Patent WO0218595
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_O35E  coded_by=113600..115108,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis O35E,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_CO72  coded_by=88618..90126,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis CO72,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_12P80B1  coded_by=77462..78970,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 12P80B1,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_BC8  coded_by=complement(33966..35474),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis BC8,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_BC7  coded_by=complement(33998..35506),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis BC7,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_BC1  coded_by=complement(33985..35493),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis BC1,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_103P14B1  coded_by=77035..78543,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 103P14B1,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_7169  coded_by=179389..180897,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 7169,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_101P30B1  coded_by=complement(33989..35497),organism=Moraxella catarrhalis 101P30B1,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_RH4  coded_by=118358..119866,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis RH4,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>Moraxella_catarrhalis_BBH18  coded_by=149215..150723,organism=Moraxella catarrhalis BBH18,definition=nitrite reductase AniA/Msp78
mskptlikttlicalsalmlsgcsnqadkaaqpksstvdaaaktanadnaasqehqgelpvidaivthapevpppvdrdhpakvvvkmetvekvmrladgveyqfwtfggqvpgqmirvregdtievqfsnhpdskmphnvdfhaatgpgggaeasftapghtstfsfkalqpglyvyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkeyyvmqgdfytkgkygeqglqpfdmekairedaeyvvfngsvgaltgenalkakvgetvrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdkvhfeggkgenhniqttlipaggaaitefkvdvpgdyvlvdhaifrafnkgalgilkvegeenheiyshkqtdavylpegapqaidtqeapktpapanlqeqikagkatydsncaachqpdgkgvpnafpplansdylnadharaasivanglsgkitvngnqyesvmpaialsdqqianvitytlnsfgnkggqlsaddvakakktkpn
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>1014,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldinkmdvdvieqihqmgglqlvmpqafaetdcgaleqtgrtvvefnlegysvelpimggktynamtfdgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipddevtghgndmhasqmsagnfesvnpgetsqycyiaesagvfkyhcsgvkligmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpingykklmvektsvsgsevsldrqfydadalefqlqynqlyltpegnydagamfkhqntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvngdvnknifvaqpwnglehkqyqsqllfvendqhvrlfvenhgneplffhivgeildrvvqgnrvqsaatetwllggsqnmivdlvfd
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1344..2522),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_NCCP11945  coded_by=1233122..1234300,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae NCCP11945,definition=AniA
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ALB_2011_04_03  coded_by=complement(985..2163),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ALB_2011_04_03,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1430..2608),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1706..2884),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1394..2572),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=4982..6160,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=7047..8225,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11779..12957,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1459..2637),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26728..27906),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5233..6411,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26728..27906),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG15  coded_by=complement(983..2161),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG15,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2182..3360),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1402..2580),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5497..6675,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5166..6344,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_NYC_2011_05_07  coded_by=complement(987..2165),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae NYC_2011_05_07,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(66636..67814),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1703..2881),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1733..2911),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1479..2657),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1917..3095),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5722..6900,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1992..3170),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5497..6675,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(39489..40667),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1559..2737),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG5  coded_by=4522..5700,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG5,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5242..6420,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1717..2895),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1433..2611),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1718..2896),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG14  coded_by=4484..5662,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG14,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26733..27911),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1459..2637),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=56798..57976,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(184344..185522),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=33330..34508,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11971..13149,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1438..2616),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=8566..9744,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1641..2819),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(4457..5635),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1396..2574),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2030..3208),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=9818..10996,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1424..2602),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1954..3132),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5497..6675,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1432..2610),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5722..6900,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1803..2981),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MIA_2011_05-15  coded_by=4522..5700,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MIA_2011_05-15,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1803..2981),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5246..6424,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1432..2610),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5497..6675,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1693..2871),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5723..6901,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5729..6907,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5217..6395,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG12  coded_by=complement(981..2159),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG12,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2030..3208),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=6448..7626,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5168..6346,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2864..4042),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1465..2643),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26723..27901),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1430..2608),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5497..6675,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5128..6306,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1637..2815),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1385..2563),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(4759..5937),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(21728..22906),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1399..2577),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5727..6905,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5497..6675,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=68383..69561,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1430..2608),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1459..2637),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26743..27921),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1441..2619),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=12275..13453,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2844..4022),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5108..6286,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(25796..26974),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MIA_2011_05-10  coded_by=complement(1236..2414),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MIA_2011_05-10,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1764..2942),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2419..3597),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1385..2563),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11793..12971,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1733..2911),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11775..12953,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1442..2620),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2848..4026),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(26718..27896),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2474..3652),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5240..6418,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=14982..16160,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=9817..10995,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_SK32402  coded_by=complement(210..1388),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae SK32402,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1792..2970),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1437..2615),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1422..2600),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1715..2893),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=8821..9999,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=8701..9879,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ATL_2011_01-25  coded_by=complement(1232..2410),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ATL_2011_01-25,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(2182..3360),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11797..12975,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1477..2655),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG9  coded_by=4478..5656,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG9,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=9355..10533,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=12867..14045,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11364..12542,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1424..2602),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5723..6901,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1669..2847),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5725..6903,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_ALB_2011_01-02  coded_by=complement(1211..2389),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae ALB_2011_01-02,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae_MU_NG25  coded_by=complement(1344..2522),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae MU_NG25,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1670..2848),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1489..2667),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5725..6903,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1479..2657),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5128..6306,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(1597..2775),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=36158..37336,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=complement(31031..32209),organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=11913..13091,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_gonorrhoeae  coded_by=5126..6304,organism=Neisseria gonorrhoeae,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaetpaasaeaassaaqataetpagelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagsgaasapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Starkeya_novella_DSM_506  coded_by=complement(1187819..1188943),organism=Starkeya novella DSM 506,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing protein
mftrrttllgaaiaalvaaapslaeeglspapkvlgqadqtaglkhvkaelvappavmqhqqvdtgapkvveftmtieekkvaidegvtlqamtfngsmpgptmvvhegdyvqltlinpetntmphnidfhsatgalggaqltlvnpgeqttlrfkatragafvyhcappgmipwhvvsgmsgtilvlpreglkdeagnpvkydraytigefdlyipkdengkyvdyetpgeayadtvevmkglvpthvvfngrkgaltgenamtakvgetvlfihssanrdtrphligghgdhvwergkfhnppakdletwfvaggsaavatykflqpgiyayvnhnlieaaelgatahvkvsgewsedlmkqvaapgpivgq
>Candidatus_Nitrosoarchaeum_limnia_SFB1  coded_by=complement(5515..6873),organism=Candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum limnia SFB1,definition=mulitcopper oxidase
mihlvdrtivmviavvcfgvalgivflgidtplqsfgenpsvhnlpttrtftviaqdttleiapgvrveawtyngtipgptlrategdrviinfinngklphtmhfhgdhnekndgvfqevlpgesytydfiaepagvfmyhchvmpvsahvrnglygafivdpkegvepareyvlvkgeydledqetwtpdyvffngyadqywsnplpaktnelvrlyyvdmgaipaygfhihgtifdtiisgiwenkpvktqtwevgpgnaaifeakwkepgrylfhlhgvpeekgtmsyfdvqdaspnavdgvdiaktksiymwdwqkqilsnlqqsdtnakitktasvssgheqhsvlsqipsesqivettlcdiekgsavkssnksfypqitqiksgdtvswtnsdisvhtvtssndlfdsgmmmpgdtfeqkfedvglfeyycmlhpwmtgtiksv
>Chthoniobacter_flavus_Ellin428  coded_by=41473..43023,organism=Chthoniobacter flavus Ellin428,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mtaaisnfvpftfdnlrrtgislltailfstvlvtaaetesfptknsavkivdpevvgeeravitqapnvpppiqrkhptkvivelevrevvkkladgvdylfwtfggdvpgsfiriregdlvefhlsnhpdnkmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghtsqfsfkalnpglyiyhcatapvpmhvgngmyglilvepkeglppvdheyyvmqgefytqgkfgeeglqafdqekalderpsyvvfngavgslvgdnalkakvgervrlfvgnggpnltssfhvigeifdnvyqeggttatqhnvqttmipaggsaivefkvdvpgtfilvdhslyrafnkgalgmlkvdgpenlivysgkevdaiylgkqapeniaagksvaelqakvamaikadpkisglnkeiqmekgkrvflqtcfachqptglglpgvfpplaksdylmadkarsimgvikgntgplkvngadyngvmppvmltdeqianvltyvrnsfgnegdavtveevskvraeaahq
>Actinobacillus_ureae_ATCC_25976  coded_by=complement(9622..10701),organism=Actinobacillus ureae ATCC 25976,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-dependent
mkkslialcfaaflanaplmaeqtiaenldltpvknlpkieaeltvtpdvpkpltrntparvvvkletlekvmeiekgvkfkywtfngstpapfirvregdmvevqvsnpangkmahavdfhsaaapdggakaslteigkqttfaframspglylyhcgadpvsvhlgkgmfglmlvepkeglpkvdkefylmqnefyvkdgtnpelkifdmikasyelpdyvvfngkvgstlgenalkakvgekvrlfvgnagpnkissfhligkpfdtvyveggslknhhvqttlipaggvtvvememkvpgeytfidhsifrtdkgakgklivegaenpeiytgktneqkydkvnpdadidagyvh
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1258b  coded_by=5406..6968,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1258b,definition=anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>Burkholderia_pseudomallei_1258a  coded_by=34269..35831,organism=Burkholderia pseudomallei 1258a,definition=anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkdlqsirgqlratflsvllgaviaasaqagaatgkvpgdfgppqgeplhatlvsppnvpppitrrypakvivdlevvekvlpiadgvnytfwtfggavpgnfirvrqgdtvefhlknrpdskmphnidlhavtgpgggatssftapghesrftfkalneglfvyhcatapvgmhvangmyglilveppeglpkvdreyyvmqgdfytngkyrekglqsfdmdkaiderptyvvfngaegaltgeramrartdetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigavfdkvradgsnvtqndvqttlipaggaatiefhtrvpgnytfvdhsifrafnkgalailkvdgpenkaiysgkeldapysgdavtaaagsgpaaapgtaagvkggvkggaspvrtsaaasaaplslpaqvkaggtvfastcavchqsagtglpgvfpplagsdflaanpkraigillhglngkvtvnghdydsamppmaqltddevanvltyvlnswnnpggrisadevskarakapavaeaah
>uncultured_marine_thaumarchaeote  coded_by=<1..>783,organism=uncultured marine thaumarchaeote,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
qtqiagqsldaskldvdvmeqihamgglqlvmpqafaetdcgalessgrnvvefnlegysvelpimggktfnamtfsgqvpgptlrvtqgdvvkmtltipdwevtghgndmhasqitagafesvnpggtsqycyiaeaagifkyhcsgvklvgmdqhvlsgmygiaivdpangykklmvektsgsgeldrkfysadalefqmqynqmyltpegnydagamfqhhntatvvngmqfgyvpnmahnllvlgdtnknifvaqpw
>Methylomonas_sp._16a  coded_by=2398..3711,organism=Methylomonas sp. 16a,definition=NirK
mdtrhklnsidwhlmaligtltmalvgcqsqplvapttaeiigelaigmndmsytpnaidlaregryrvkvhnasntlhdivfdngvamkakpgetvetmldissnglsyycslpgheaagmhgvitvndqepvslrkhlhkpethiepvymspiapellpgkvhdieliaqekdmavakgavqnlwtyngqvpgpaihvkvgdtvrvhlinpatnklphsvdfhasqvawndemasinpgedkyydwradyagvwmyhcgsnpalhhiasgmygmvivepkeglapvdhelaivqsefymgehgretnyhkaasghpspdfmvfngvamqykdqpiqvetgkkvriyvlnagpnedsafhivgtifnrvikegielspnnighwgsqavdlapsqgaivefttaedglypivthafnfvgkgalglikagdgdpkn
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM2866  coded_by=7575..8750,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM2866,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM518  coded_by=51180..52355,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM518,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM0552  coded_by=55675..56850,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM0552,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM045  coded_by=5198..6373,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM045,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM003  coded_by=74970..76145,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM003,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM151  coded_by=5188..6363,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM151,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NM3139  coded_by=46736..47911,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NM3139,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_OX99.30304  coded_by=complement(18583..19758),organism=Neisseria meningitidis OX99.30304,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_M01-240149  coded_by=complement(633291..634466),organism=Neisseria meningitidis M01-240149,definition=nitrite reductase, copper-containing
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_NZ-05/33  coded_by=1708802..1709977,organism=Neisseria meningitidis NZ-05/33,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_alpha710  coded_by=1659146..1660321,organism=Neisseria meningitidis alpha710,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane protein
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Neisseria_meningitidis_serogroup_B  coded_by=complement(1506..2681),organism=Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrqtlaaliasvfalaacgeqaakpaetpaatasaeapaasnsqaaaetpsselpvidaivthapevppptdrdhpakvrvkmetvektmkmddgveyhywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqaglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkaiaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetirmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegeenpeimtqklsdtayagngaasaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Belliella_baltica_DSM_15883  coded_by=complement(2126464..2127942),organism=Belliella baltica DSM 15883,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), copper type apoprotein
mnyknispikgyfypllfilalaftactqsqsrntgaksytkdysktkvfgemvaeltapphvpppvgnrpamklymemeiteeememadgvsylfwtfggtvpgsfirarvgdevefkiknhpdnklphnidlhavtgqgggaeasfvapghektfsfklinpglyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepegglppvdkefyvmqgdfytegrfgepglqpfdmqkayderpdyvvfngsvnglsgenalqakagetiriffgnggpnlassfhvigeifdkvyvdggdqinsnvgttlvpaggaailefkadvpsnlvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilsvtgeenekifageimegiylpegstiqkmpkdgndvsppvtmtkselidtgkkiymqtcfachqangegvanafpplanadylnadvnrsidallhglsgeitvngkkynsimpsqqlkdeevaavltyvynswgnngsevtpemvnkrrkk
>Neisseria_weaveri_ATCC_51223  coded_by=complement(19894..21384),organism=Neisseria weaveri ATCC 51223,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrhtlaalitsifalaacgqqaaekaadtpapaaseqtaatqetqgelpvvdavmthapeapppidrdypakvvvkmevvekvmkmadgvdykywtfggqvpgqmirvregdqvevqfsnradstvphnvdfhavtgpgggaeatftapghtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyvvqgdfytkgkygepglqpfdmekaikeqpdyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakvgetvrmfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklineniqttlipaggaaivdfkldvpgsftlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegpenkeiysgkisdtiyqpeggaiqtvplteeekakveagpakaaskddqiklgktvydsnclachgaegkgvegafpplaqsdyllkdpkrgihailkgvsgkitvngkeynsvmpsialndedtanvltyilnsfgnnggqitaadvakergk
>Neisseria_weaveri_LMG_5135  coded_by=264571..266061,organism=Neisseria weaveri LMG 5135,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
mkrhtlaalitsifalaacgqqaaekaadtpapaaseqtaatqetqgelpvvdavmthapeapppidrdypakvvvkmevvekvmkmadgvdykywtfggqvpgqmirvregdqvevqfsnradstvphnvdfhavtgpgggaeatftapghtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyvvqgdfytkgkygepglqpfdmekaikeqpdyvvfnghvgaiagdnalkakvgetvrmfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklineniqttlipaggaaivdfkldvpgsftlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegpenkeiysgkisdtiyqpeggaiqtvplteeekakveagpakaaskddqiklgktvydsnclachgaegkgvegafpplaqsdyllkdpkrgihailkgvsgkitvngkeynsvmpsialndedtanvltyilnsfgnnggqitaadvakergk
>Thielavia_terrestris_NRRL_8126  coded_by=complement(9277363..9278409),organism=Thielavia terrestris NRRL 8126,definition=hypothetical protein
mgdselgfyekvdaspeslatsnlpveqavlttapyvpppitrthpallqvdlttttkvtqltgpykyeqwtfnntvpgpfirarvgdvielrltnhdrtgnphnidshaftgpgggsalttveendtktarfkllcpglfvyhcaaapvpvhiangmygliyvqpedgatgglppvdheyyvmqsefyheppapdaeppglvefsypnalrevpsvvvfngseaaltrerplkaaagetvrvffgnagpnltssfhvigshfnrcwrdgdvlsppgrfvstvsvppgaativdmemivpgtyalvdhaifrldkgavgylnvsgkpredvyqsvlppepcagcklhp
>Ralstonia_solanacearum_PSI07  coded_by=3326974..3328470,organism=Ralstonia solanacearum PSI07,definition=Copper-containing nitrite reductase (NO-forming), anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
manarsirrwllaglasmtlgavltaaharivtkvagdfgpprgepihavltsppnvppavnrtypakviveleviekqmpisegvnytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknhpdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggatssftapghasrftfkalnegiyvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppqglpkvdheyyvmqgdfytagkyrekgpqpfdmekaiderptyvlfngaegaltgdralkarthetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigaifdrvrfeggtsmqrnvqttlipaggaavvefhtrvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgamailkvdgpedklvysgkeldsvylgdragpnlaavskateasasgtlsiqdqvqagralfagtcsvchqdngaglpgvfpplaksdflaadpkravgillhglngkikvngqdydsvmppmtqlnddeianiltyvlnswdnpggqvsiddvkkaraqpapaktaaeh
>Neisseria_meningitidis_FAM18  coded_by=join(1571574..1571825,1571825..1572733),organism=Neisseria meningitidis FAM18,definition=nitrite reductase, major outer membrane copper-containing protein
mkrqalaamiaslfalaacggepaaqapaasaeaassaaqtaaetptgelpvidavtthapevppaidrdypakvrvkmetvektmtmedgveyrywtfdgdvpgrmirvregdtvevefsnnpsstvphnvdfhaatgqgggaaatftapgrtstfsfkalqpglyiyhcavapvgmhiangmyglilvepkeglpkvdkefyivqgdfytkgkkgaqglqpfdmdkavaeqpeyvvfnghvgsiagdnalkakagetvrmyvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvyveggklinenvqstivpaggsaivefkvdipgsytlvdhsifrafnkgalgqlkvegaenpeimtqklsdtayagngaapaasapaasapaasaseksvy
>Rhodanobacter_spathiphylli_B39  coded_by=complement(<1..1481),organism=Rhodanobacter spathiphylli B39,definition=major anaerobically induced outer membrane transmembrane protein
msrpglfllataalftlaacsgkpqatagaapaaaapaasihgdfgppqgepihavltspphvpppihrnhpakvivelevvekempisegvsytfwtfggtvpgsfirvrqgdtvefhlknapdskmphnidlhgvtgpgggaassftapghesqftfkalnqgifvyhcatapvgmhiangmyglilveppeglspvdheyyvmqgdfyttgkyrqkglqpfdmekaidenptyvlfngkegaltgdnaltaktnetvrlfvgnggpnlvssfhvigeifdkvqpeggtvaqhnvqttlipsggaaivefhtdvpgsyvlvdhsifrafnkgalgilkvdgpedksiysgkevdsvylgdrsepnlkavttaakahaagtltkeeqiaagkqlftgtcsvchqangeglanvfpplaksdflaadpkramtivthgltgkvtvngheydsvmppmsqlnddevaniltyvlnswgnpggqiskeevakaraa
>Geobacillus_sp._WCH70  coded_by=1776313..1777896,organism=Geobacillus sp. WCH70,definition=multicopper oxidase type 3
mkkllvgtilagvvaigaacsnnashssmqghdmsnmnmkeeniakdsskqlplatntevlsgkeinltakeallqindkvklpvytyngsvpgaqirikqgdrvkinfknelsepttihwhgypvpnsqdgvpgvtmnaikpgetftyeftatvpgtyfyhshqesakqvdkglygtlivepkneekvdrdytlvldewmsnpdegnmhmsgmdhsnmghgnssdnqhmdmsnmghdmsmydiftingksgsavkplkvkkgekvrlrlvnagymshklhlhghefkivatdgqplknpqpikdellniapgerydiefiannpgewllechsnmkgtdgmkvkiqyegqanntdkanakenlpvvdmttygkyetgpftldqkydveytmdlgtamgkdgmvytingktypetapvnvkkgdlvkvklvnnspkdvhpmhlhghffqvlskngkpvtgsplikdslnvnpgeeyvvafkadnpgnwmfhchdlhhasagmvtevkytdyksdytpdpndttnkge
>Hartmannella_vermiformis  coded_by=<1..>798,organism=Hartmannella vermiformis,definition=copper-containing nitrite reductase
piehadlsyapnvpppitrehpvrlrvdmeayprvmpidelnkfefwtfngavpgpmirarvgdvmdikftnrdesgmqhnldfhavtgpgggaplttsdlnetrfthfkllrpglfiyhcavdpvgmhigtgmwglilvepqeglspadkefyvvqsdfytedkpiegsdvldfsmekgiaekptyvvfngrvgalqnegtlkakqgdririffgnagpnlvssfhtigmifdkvyregdlvspparhvqttlvpaggavvmefd
>Bradyrhizobium_sp._ORS_285  coded_by=11541..12635,organism=Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 285,definition=Copper-containing Nitrite reductase (NO-forming) nirK
mltrrtallsaaiaammlaapavaedlklprqkvdlvappfvhaheqatkqgpkimefklvvqekkmvidekgttfqamtfngsmpgplmvvhegdyvevtlvnpatntmphnidfhsatgalgggaltlinpgeqvvlrwkatrtgvfvyhcapggpmipwhvvsgmngavmvlprdglndghghalrydrvyyigeqdlyvprdekgnfksydspgeaysdteevmrkltpthvvfngkagaltgknaltanvgenvlivhsqanrdsrphligghgdyvwetgkfsnppetgletwfirggsagaalykflqpgiyayvthnlieaanlgatahfkvegkwnddlmtqvkapadiptgstn
>Sinorhizobium_sp._NP1  coded_by=1..1137,organism=Sinorhizobium sp. NP1,definition=nitrite reductase
mteqlqmtrrtmlagaalagavapllhtaqahaagaaaaagaapvdistlprvkvdlvkppfvhahdqvaktgprvveftmtieekklvidregteihamtfngsvpgplmvvhdndyvelrlinpdtntllhnidfhaatgalgggaltqvnpgeettlrfkatkpgvfvyhcapegmvpwhvtsgmngaimvlprdglkdekgqpltydkiyyvgeqdfyvpkdeagnykkyetpgeayedavkamrtltpthivfngavgaltgdhaltaavgervlvvhsqanrdtrphligghgdyvwatgkfrnppdldqetwlipggtagaafytfrqpgvyayvnhklieafelgaaghfkvtgewnddlmtsvvkpasm
