>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnktaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedienlsvttipaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkvavvdskernltamidvdkiphpgrganfvhkkygpvwgtsalgnakitligtdpeghpdhawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpnskhlyvdtplnpaenisqsiavfdidnldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_brassicacearum_subsp._brassicacearum_NFM421  coded_by=3914927..3916606,organism=Pseudomonas brassicacearum subsp. brassicacearum NFM421,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mlishkkswalrvtalctalatphafadqtaapeqprvvktegapdlsqadfdtakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetrktwkllvkpedrptkqistlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvnhpqyawkqvstlqgqgggslfikthpasrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfdidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyypeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdsafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgaelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=28048..29754,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpivewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Sulfurimonas_sp._AST-10  coded_by=65723..67363,organism=Sulfurimonas sp. AST-10,definition=nitrite reductase
mrlnklvtsvaalavvssglladtskmdveavfekecqgchgpnheggvgsdlrpavigkknsyelaavilngkagtamppfkqkfsksdadamvdylqhfkgkkikqltletvkagwkplndrmkfykkypnaadvkkntdicfvterdaervafvdgtsgkvlskhpagfavhvtvtnkrqpryaysisrsglvtmfdlntpgqqkiaqtqvgsdsrglavspdgkylmagnyvpggavlmdamtleplkvyptssvikpngdidssrvagvfdtpygpyiafalkdgghvyivdyskpnfpivgdipnigdilhdgflnegkeigrylfiasqgsdvvgvvdfktkslvtkiytgpaskphpgqgsswyneqlgqqlgatvnmnlgqvtiwddnfdvirqipigggglfigtsehtpflwadnvlggeanwnkvhlinkqtlevdriltvgktqgtvidpvthkvlykwkvptvkdkdgkavtprilhaepanhghwtmisewnagrigiyeaktgkfvkyitglttptftysiehrqtipga
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlaplrivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvteigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsnkiavidsrerklaaltdvteiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpeghpdtawkvvrtlegvgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdvafsqsiavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklknvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganidnpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnvketgqillvnfkdiknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdktgryflvaanarhkvaivdtkedklvgvvesggqtphpgrganllhpkygpvwatshlgsetisfigtdpekhkanawkvvqkidgqgggslfikthpksenlyvdtplntdaeisssvavfkikdlakekpeykvlpigqwsgisegarrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwnnkaqesaivvvddktltlktvirdkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnvketgqillvnfkdiknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdktgryflvaanarhkvaivdtkedklvgvvesggqtphpgrganllhpkygpvwatshlgsetisfigtdpekhkanawkvvqkidgqgggslfikthpksenlyvdtplntdaeisssvavfkikdlakekpeykvlpigqwsgisegarrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwnnkaqesaivvvddktltlktvirdkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivstrgmtvgtneyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnaketgkiimvnygdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasniiavvdtkedklaalidvgktphpgrganlidpkygpvwstghlgdetisligtdpekhkdsawkvvravkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdpkvsqsvavwdiknldkpyevipigewsglgegakrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsaknqesatvvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplsvvntrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasimashykpefvvnvketgqilmvnyqdiknlqvttigaerflhdggfdrsgryvlvaanarnkvavvdtkesklvklvetggqtphpgrganiehpkygpvwvtshlgdetvsmigtdpekhpehawkvvqtvkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdttlnteaeisssvavfkiadlaqdkpkyevlpigqwsgiaegqrrvvqgeynregdeiwfsvwnsknqdsaivvvddktlklktvikdktivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkpikivgtrgytydtneyhpeprvasivashhapewvlnlketgvvllvdyskledgtvtetkinaerflhdggwdstkryflvaanardtisvidtverklvknivtgtkphpgrganwvdpkygrvwatvhlgeglvsiistdpkkkwawtvvreweldgnslfikthpksrwvycdntinqnksnvltifdiknpeaapkeiefdkkvvhmefnkagsevwvslwdndgevvilddkthkvkkrikglftptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PADK2_CF510  coded_by=complement(219739..220788),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PADK2_CF510,definition=nitrite reductase
migrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksdkiaivdskgrrltalvdadkiphpgrganlndpqhgpvwvtsalgnekvtfigtdpvdnpdkawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplhpdpkvsqsiavfdvenldkgfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesavvivddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimqgdtleplkiestrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivasrfrpewivnvketgkvlavdysdlknlkvtginadrflhdggfdstgryfmvaanarnkigvvdtkedklvalievsrtphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgseaisligtdpekhkdnawkvvqeldgqggdslfikthprsrnlyvdtplhpepavsssvavfdldnldkphvvlpigewsgiaegvkrvvqpefnrdgtevwfsvwnarnqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnveetghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpkhawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvniketgkilmvnytdinnlttteigsarflhdggfdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdtktdklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkhgpvwatghlgddsiavigtdpadsavhhqghprnawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtalnpnaavsqsvavfdianldkpfevvkiaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynnkgdevwfsvwngktqesaivvlddktrklktvikdkr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepiqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdihaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidskdrelealvdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdatlnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnpkykqykqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpekalaesvavwdmadlskpkkvinvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnyedidnlsvttldaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkiavvdskertmealidadkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatsalgnekitliatdpeghkdhawkvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdtplnpdpkisqsiavfdvnnlaagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivviddktlklkkvikgpkivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdggtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdgaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysnvdslsvtdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrdrelealvdvtktphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanisflgtdpeghpdhawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsvavfdvndldasfvklpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvrgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA99  coded_by=141574..143055,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA99,definition=Nitrite reductase associated c-type cytochorome NirN
mrliglalglllgapaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplrvvstrgvtyddqeyhpeprvaaivashykpefivnvketgkvlmvdysdlasfsvttidaerflhdggfdstgryfmvaanardsiaiidtkerllirvvktgikphpgrganfvhprfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpkkhprhawkvvqtlagpgggslfikthpnsgnlwvdtplnsdrsfyqsvgvfdisnldkgfetipvakwanvgegakrvvhgednkqgteiwfsvwngkkqesaivviddktrklkrvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkavstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhkdyawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdskisqsvavfdindleagykvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktltlktvidderivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqngimdgetlvplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidskerklaamvdvekiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgnaditmigtdpqghpqhawkavgilqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeepisqsiavfdinnldagftvlpiaewadlgagpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvndktrelkrvtkgpdmvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvasalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgerpkrvvqpeynkagdevwvlgmerqgpgigtgggrrqtrklkkvikdkrlvtp
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA06  coded_by=3..1457,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA06,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpvnnpdnawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagferlpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnklavidskerrlvalpdvtkvphpgrganivdpelgplwitsalgnenitligtdpenhpehawkavkilagqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpdpaisqsiavfdvndldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddktrrlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>bacterium_symbiont_of_Nonionella_stella  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=bacterium symbiont of Nonionella stella,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvaladvtktphpgrganlddptygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnssnpwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndveagfqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdaglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasiaasqykpefivnvketghilmvnyediknltvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkiavvdtktdqlvalidsegakphpdrganlrhskfgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpkghpeqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkshpnsknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdvdnlekgyevlpigewsgitegfrrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvrngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvdnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvgysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdptgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Betaproteobacteria_bacterium_SG8_41  coded_by=complement(58859..60610),organism=Betaproteobacteria bacterium SG8_41,definition=nitrite reductase
mttirpglsataisvmsaallaagfafaqdkpkaqpkappgvieeevryqaggsplagadmhhdvnpkapkmtkeefdrsrqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditiprgtdylkvfinfgspagmpnwgtsgemtekevdmmaryvqqtpptppefgmadmkkswklmvppekrpkkkmnkynidnifsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrlsysgrylyvigrdakvnlidlwmekpdnvaeikiglearsvdtskykgfedkyaiagsywppqyvlmkgdsleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvklidvgkiphpgrganfkdpkhgrvwatghlgdetiavigtdpsnkksawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkssnlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkpfkvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpepcvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkitstrgmiyddqtyhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdiqnlkvteieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltslietggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgdesvtligtdpeghadsawtvvqtlysmgggslfvkthpgsghlyvdaplnpdaeisgsiavfniaemtaeepeytvlpivewagiaesqprvsrasstrkgteiwfsvwngadkesaivvvddatlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaverflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaagflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdreghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimngddldplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashykpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdlnnlttteipaarflhdggwdsskryflvaanqsnkiavvdsrtgklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdesvsligtapgdkkfgkyawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsiavydinnlaagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivviddktlklkkvikgpkivtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgecakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvasivavhekpefivnvketgkilvvdysdinslktteigaarylhdggwdaskryfmvaannsnkiaavdsktnklaslievgkiphpgrganfvdpkhgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhpksawkvvrslkaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdlknldkpfevlpigdwagvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrackqvlndkrlvtptgkfn
>Magnetospirillum_sp._SO-1  coded_by=31872..33428,organism=Magnetospirillum sp. SO-1,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
maqeatlskeakeasakiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepantaklgqarlekilangtdggmvnfddiltkdeiknmatyiqmtpdvppewgikdmtaswkvtvkpedrpkkqmnkinlknvfsvtlrdsgevalidgdtkkiwtiiktgyavhisrlsasgryvyvigrdgkldmidlwmetpavvatikigmdarsvdtskfkgfedkyavagsywppqyvimdgadlkplkivstrsitvdgeyhpeprvasivssmikpewvinlketgliklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtkskphpgrganfnhpkfgpvwatshlgadvitligtdpaknkanawkvvaelknhgagslfvkthpksnnlwadaplmpeaaaaesvtvydiknldkgpeviniakmadlpetkavkravhaeynekgdevwfsiwagktdpsaiviiddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>884,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
wppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdinnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkpkdakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkailnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>863,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpesltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpdsanawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdgaisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwysvwsgkeqnpplrwwttdpqtqkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeaatlkpiqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpvnlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlndpdfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpgnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkphprssnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnlkagyevlpiadwaelgdgpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrrlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtlhpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakfphdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedpkhkqfkqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpetkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-93  coded_by=226226..227896,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-93,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mqkvirnvlmlaalplamnvafaakaekaaapapaadsatlsaeakaasgktyfercagchgmlrkgatgknlepqnttklgssrlekimaygteggmpnfddilskkeladmakyvqmpadvppewgmkdmkeswklvvpvaerptkqmnkvnlqnvfavtlrdsgevalidgdtkdiwgivktgyavhisrisasgryvhvigrdgrydlidmwyetpkivatmkagyearsvdtskykgyedkyavvgaywppqyaildgetleplklistrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivsshdkpewviniketgmiklvdysdianlkevtinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtkdgkltalvdtakiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatshlgadvitligtdpkghpeqawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksknlwadaplnpdpelagsvtvynidelgdpaaksqvinlaaaadlgktkglqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddktrtvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfnvhntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvtaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlaiidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganitdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnhpdhawkvvreiagqgggslfvkshpasenlwvdtplnpdvgmsqsiavfdvndleagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlqpikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvdysdidnlsitdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrelealvdvdkiphpgrganlddpdfgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpqsknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenldagydvlpiaawadlgpgpkrvvqpefnrtgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnveslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdindlgagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpeiitptg
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._SK-11  coded_by=complement(48212..49891),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-11,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mqkgirnvlmlaslplamnlafaapaqkaaapaasaapaagptlsaedkaaagkiyfercagchgmlrkgatgknlepentaklgssrlekimaygteggmpnfddilskkelanmaayiqmpaeappewgmkdmkaswklhvpvaqrptkqmnninlknifavtlrdsgevalidgdtkqiwgivktgyavhisrlsasgryvhvigrdgrydlidmwyekptivatmkagyearsvdtskykgfedkyavvgaywppqyaildgetleplklistrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivsshdkpewviniketgmiklvdysdinnlkeitvnsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatshlgadvisiigtdpaknpqhawkvvqevknhganslfvkthpksknlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvyniddlgnpdpkpqvldlaaaanlgktkgiqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvlddktrtvknvikdprlvtptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
alwppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
alwppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvsthgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtgigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgsvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvvdktrelkavikdpklvtp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>863,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdakdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpeygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdiknlgkgyevlpiadwaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegetlepltivstrgmtvdsleyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnltvttipaarflhdggwdrslryfmtaanksdkiavvdskkrkltamidvdkiphpgrganfdhpkygpvwatsalgndkisligtdpenhpqhawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpsekisqtiavfdidnldkgyevlpiaewadlgtgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklktvikheklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmvtgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlenlrlkmieaapflhdggfeskhryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegklaaeisvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwstshlgdetisligtdpvknsqnawkvvqtlkgagggslflkthpksknlwvdaplnpdpaisqsiavfdinnldkgfqllpigewagvkpgakrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwssgseesaivvvddktrklkavikdarvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmvtgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlenlrlkmieaapflhdggfeskhryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegklaaeisvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwstshlgdetisligtdpvknsqnawkvvqtlkgagggslflkthpksknlwvdaplnpdpaisqsiavfdinnldkgfqllpigewagvkpgakrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwssgseesaivvvddktrklkavikdarvvtptgkfn
>Magnetospirillum_magneticum_AMB-1  coded_by=4581309..4583015,organism=Magnetospirillum magneticum AMB-1,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mkaatwmmaalavawagtamaeekpahgagehyetsgdqlraapmsqpgaqpgpqlsaaeftrakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrergfdalkafitygsaagmpnwgssgqlseaevdlmakyllneppqppefgmdeikatwkvqipadkrparkmntldlsnlfsvtlrdsgeialidgasknivsiiktgyavhisrisasgrylyvigrdakinlidlwmekpetvaevkigmearsvetskfkgfedkyaiagaywppqfvimdgntlepkkivstrgmtsdkqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketglillvdysdiknlkvtsieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnkiavvdtkedklvgmvevgatphpgrgtnfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawtkvasltgqgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpdadvaasiavfdinnldkpaevlpiakwagisdgaprvvqpeynkagdevwisvwnakdkvsaivvvddktrklksvikdprlitptgkfnvtntlhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA039  coded_by=217195..218676,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA039,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WC55  coded_by=41043..42524,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WC55,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_S35004  coded_by=complement(544840..546321),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa S35004,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C52  coded_by=145103..146584,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C52,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF127  coded_by=complement(588415..589896),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF127,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C51  coded_by=complement(565563..567044),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C51,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA002  coded_by=134425..135906,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA002,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA028  coded_by=complement(579137..580618),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA028,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=82975..84456,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(14258..15739),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(2382277..2383758),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35644..37125,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3573  coded_by=complement(235375..236856),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3573,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C0324C  coded_by=25319..26800,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C0324C,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivniketgrillvdysgienlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidsrerklaamidvekiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwvtsalgddsitligtdpeghpeyawksvavlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewagvadgakrvvhpeynmagdevwfsvwsgmdeesaivivddktrelknvikgerivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_ATCC_14405_=_CCUG_16156  coded_by=11862..13385,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 14405 = CCUG 16156,definition=c-type cytochrome
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqptdsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeahsvirdgrpasqmaayshvlndaqitglvdylyqpaavpptwsdadirashrilkdvatlptapqhgadprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwisvydlhnlcmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslikhiptvgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvqeawelsyageptfeprrikaadylddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydantleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttidaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlaiidsreralvalpevtkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghpqhawkavrtiegqgggllfvkshpksgnlwvdtalnpeeaisqsvavfdiqnleagyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvhpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrslkhvikgpeiitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepmkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrnlealvdvtkiphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdkawkvvrvldgqgggslfvkshpksmnlwvdaplnpeeaisqsiavfdvnnldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Acidovorax_sp._2FB7  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=Acidovorax sp. 2FB7,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfarykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaeavfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmanykdinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavidskdqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpkkhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpdtgisqsvaifdignldkapqvvniaelaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrliaptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpkkivstrgltvtdqeyhpeprvaaivasherpefivnvketgkvllvdysdidnlkstsidaapflhdggwesthryfmsaanksnkiavidskegklvklvevgaiphpgrganfvdpefgqvwatshlgddtislistdtsskhawevvrtikgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdealsqsvvvfninkldkgfkvlpigkwaklgegakrvvqpeynadgdevwfsvwsasnqesaivivddktlklkkvikdeglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimngltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnfeagytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktlklkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgssleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnysdvenlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavidsrerelealidateiphpgrganfehpkygpvwstsalgndnitligtdpvkhknnawkvvdtlhgmgggslfikthpnsnnlwvdaplnpdtsisqsiavfdignldkgfetlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkeqnsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfnpefvvnvketgkillvnysdikslnvisidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkdrklvaliktgskphpgrganfvhpkfgsvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdindldkdyevlpigewsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdprlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpgghpehawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdienlaagyevlpiaewadlgagpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>842,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvfdgqtlepladvvstsmnavdgdqefieenrvaaivashhdpvwvvnlkesghvaivdysdptfpmtatigtarylhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkmvvvdiedqeleeifetgaiphpgrganwedptygwvnatthigegkmtvygadpvnnpneawqivrevevevgglfvkthnnspwvwvdsplnsdeektrqicvyekatgtmntcmtpvtqgrtvhfeynadgtqvwvsgwdaqgtlviyddatlteagrvegdwlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>843,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvfdgqtlepladvvstsmnavdgdqefieenrvaaivashhdpvwvvnlkesghvaivdysdptfpmtatigtarylhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkmvvvdiedqeleeifetgaiphpgrganwedptygwvnatthigegkmtvygadpvnnpneawqivrevevevgglfvkthnnspwvwvdsplnsdeektrqicvyekatgtmntcmtpvtqgrtvhfeynadgtqvwvsgwdaqgtlviyddatlteagrvegdwlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnklavidskerklvalpdvtkvphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpennpdhawkvvremagqgggslfvkshpnsdnlwvdtplnpdtgmsqsiavfdvndldagfdvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnrlavidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnhpdhawkvvrevagqgggslfvkshpnsenlwvdaplnpdtgmsqsiavfdvndieagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_JR-1  coded_by=170662..172161,organism=Pseudomonas mandelii JR-1,definition=Heme protein NirN
mkaallvplllvgavqahaastpaalaeaasnyqqhcqschgatrfggtgpallpeslsrikpdeirkvisngrpasqmaafntvfnpaqidaladflqqppatppvwndddirnshiivtdikqlpstpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhinildgdrfnvlarftshfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwvslydlnnlkliaeiraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgslvvldardlspvktlptigqdgtasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkeaweistagtpdfeprripaedmlddfsfspdykqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrkgdwvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrhlllsiwatdgalivydsntlkeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgstleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkiastrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdaltvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkiealvdaseiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpknhkenawkpvrtvkaqgggslfvkshpksnnlwidntlhpqtsvsqsiavydinnldagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynskgdevwfsvwsgqeeasaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MH38  coded_by=complement(28062..29768),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MH38,definition=Nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA02  coded_by=48335..50041,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA02,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(4386558..4388264),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4320..6026,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4336..6042,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=161866..163572,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15182..16888,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(133280..134986),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7508..9214),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7541..9247),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=51492..53198,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15160..16866,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(19106..20812),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(660095..661801),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27976..29682,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7557..9263),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(30315..32021),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7553..9259),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7541..9247),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7565..9271),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15160..16866,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7540..9246),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=51494..53200,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(148163..149869),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=51858..53564,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7567..9273),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7529..9235),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(143049..144755),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=37384..39090,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27959..29665,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7545..9251),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15148..16854,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7563..9269),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=38704..40410,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(19229..20935),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7509..9215),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27962..29668,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=51494..53200,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=51492..53198,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7516..9222),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15202..16908,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=51494..53200,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4829..6535,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7534..9240),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(8622..10328),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27949..29655,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15162..16868,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7542..9248),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15163..16869,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=51492..53198,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(56956..58662),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7533..9239),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27968..29674,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=51494..53200,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(143058..144764),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27961..29667,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7542..9248),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7540..9246),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(148151..149857),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7716..9422),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7561..9267),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7532..9238),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4977..6683,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(19229..20935),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=44921..46627,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15167..16873,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27965..29671,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(8377..10083),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=74502..76208,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27962..29668,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(19229..20935),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27971..29677,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7561..9267),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15167..16873,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(1105..2811),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(7541..9247),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15164..16870,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15156..16862,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27949..29655,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27949..29655,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=27960..29666,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132065..133771,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA38182  coded_by=complement(606069..607775),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA38182,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefviniketghilmvnysdlknlkvtateaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarntvavvdtkedklvalietgatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlggetialigtdpekhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdidnlekgyvtvpigemsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghvllvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdgiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghvllvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdgiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywpprfaimdgetlepkqivstrgttvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlksldakyrvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieserflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdetialigtdpekhkentrkvveslegqgggslfikthpdstnlyvdtplnpepelsssvavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium_6254  coded_by=complement(1031..2614),organism=uncultured bacterium 6254,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase NirS
mrlrelwaaalslllpalaaaqtsppiaapdaatlyrthcaachgeqrvggmgpallpqslerlkrdealkvirdgrpatqmpafgdklqaaelaalqawiytpvspaprwtdedirasrtfaaesaqwpakpkwqadpmnlfvvveggdhhvslldgdklevihrfpsrfalhggpkfspegryvyfgsrdgwitkydlwnlgvvaevraglnmrnvavssdgrwvmaanylphtvvlfdadlkpvrtypaatldggktsrvsavydagprrsfvvalkdipelweisydpaaapvfdglvhdyrmgegiaksgylgvrrtpleeplddfffdqpyrhaigtaragsdgnapaqvvnldvrrrvasvplggmphlgsgitfdwngtrvlattnlkegvvsvidmngwkpvkqiptpgpgfflrshektpyawvdsmmspardtmmvidkrtlepvrtlrpepgrtvahveftrdgryallslwendgalivydaatltevkripmrkpvgkynlwnklsrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghvlmvdysdidnlkttdieaapflhdggwdgtkryfmtaanksnkiavvdskdqklaaivdvgdiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwgtshlgdasisligtdpekhpdqawkvvrklqgqgggslfikthpksrnlyvdtalnsveklsqsvavfnidkldapftvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdkksalvvvddktlklkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghvlmvdysdidnlkttdieaapflhdggwdgtkryfmtaanksnkiavvdskdqklaaivdvgdiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwgtshlgdasisligtdpekhpdqawkvvrklqgqgggslfikthpksrnlyvdtalnsveklsqsvavfnidkldapftvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdkksalvvvddktlklkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA013  coded_by=complement(449238..450719),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA013,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmhkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MRSN_321  coded_by=complement(507946..509427),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MRSN 321,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmhkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_chlororaphis  coded_by=complement(4142208..4143704),organism=Pseudomonas chlororaphis,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mkrwwwlpwlwigaaqgavatapdleqaernyqqhcqqchgvnriggagpallpqslsrikpdeirevitqgrpasqmaafggvldaaqieglvqylqrppaveprwdeddirrshrvledlaslpttpqhkadplnlfvvveagdhhvdvvdgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvylasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgslavldardlslvktiatvgrdgqasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelptgpnpdfvprridaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldngrvvtdialpgmphlgsgtywrrdghwvlatpniskglisvidldtwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshansryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpvpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwatdgalivydsntlqeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_synxantha  coded_by=17371..19050,organism=Pseudomonas synxantha,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfalavatlylaisqvagadepataaatppmvktagapdlsqdefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkeqitamakfiqhtpptppewgmaetrktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlstlnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpaeptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedtytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltityidaapflhdggwdgthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfehpvygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpvkhpqyawkqvaslkgqgsgslfikthpssrhlyvdttfnpdaklsqsvavfnldkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklkavikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltvanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlldpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpqnawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdinnldagfvtlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivdvktrelkavikdpllitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqtlaalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkiaqsvavfdianldagykvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlqlksvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqtlaalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkiaqsvavfdianldagykvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlqlksvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgasleplkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefvvniketghvlmvdyedidnlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavidtkenelvtlietgikphpgrganfehpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdqawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpeaeisssvavfkldelgngaeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddatlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyhpefiinaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkenawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeapvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigewagikddgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyhpefiinaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkenawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeapvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigewagikddgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyhpefiinaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkenawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeapvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigewagikddgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkf
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgetleplkvvgtrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedlknlkvteieaarflhdggwdstlryfltaanksnkiavvdskedklaalidvgqiphpgrganfnhpefgpvwatshlgdqsiaiigtdpqdhpdnawkmvqsingqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtalnpaepisqsvavfdidkldegfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvlddktrelktvikderlitptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_sp._HMR-1  coded_by=complement(8691..10172),organism=Cupriavidus sp. HMR-1,definition=NO-forming nitrite reductase
mkhailwtcmfasfaasaettidpasiysshcaachgadrlggmgpallpeslerlrpddlldvlrngrpatqmqgfskelgdatikqmatwlrsapaatprweqadieasrivyhapgtlpdrpvfsadpsnlflvveagthhvsvldgdklepihrfttrfalhggpkfssdgryvymasrdgwvskydlwnlklvaeiragmntrnlavsedgewvmvgntlpqtlvllrasdlslqriypvtgaggkssrvsavydaaprgsfivalrdipevweipytgkktfeprvieltdvlddfffdqpyrhilgasrtatgqvidldagrkvadlaltgmphlgsgitwkrngrevmaspnlkqgaisvidmqswktvatiptngpgfflrsheatpyawadammspkrdtlqvidkqtlaivgsvtpspgrtaahveftrdgryalvslmeadgaivvydartlkevkrlpmdkpigkynvfnkttrssgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
rpwppqyvimdgatlrpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlaiidsrerkmvampevtkvphpgrganivdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnnpdhawkvvremsgqgggslfvkshpsssnlwvdtplhpdvavsqsvavfdvndldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpkiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimegetlkplkvvgtrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssfikpewviniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnpkykqykqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpekavaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlrgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvkgtgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdaskryfmvaanqrntiavvdskddklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatshlgdetvvligtdpgqnrdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthphsknlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavfdianldkpfevvkiaelaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfnera
>Azoarcus_toluvorans  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=Azoarcus toluvorans,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
qysimdgetlepikivstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivasmvkpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdmskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfmhpqfgpvwttghlgadvisvistasdnpkhakfkennwkvvqelkmpgagnlyvkthpksthlwadapmnpereiaesvyvydmkdlgkapqrldvakdsglpeskairrathpefneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpsivtptgkfnv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>830,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplsrvdlpmtdingatllenrvavivsshseptwnialkesgyvgivdyaqagfplvstiatqkflhdggfdstkryflvaanasnkmvvvdtatrslaatidtgttphpgrganwldpvygmvngtthigegklsvygadpvnhpeyawkvvreialpssgslflkthpnspwvlvdmtlssdgtsskqicayskanavldrcwtvatnglathfefnqdgsqvwvsdwatdgaviildgvtlvevarltglqtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>830,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplsrvdlpmtdingatllenrvavivsshseptwnialkesgyvgivdyaqagfplvstiatqkflhdggfdstkryflvaanasnkmvvvdtatrslaatidtgttphpgrganwldpvygmvngtthigegklsvygadpvnhpeyawkvvreialpssgslflkthpnspwvlvdmtlssdgtsskqicayskanavldrcwtvatnglathfefnqdgsqvwvsdwatdgaviildgvtlvevarltglqtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>830,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplsrvdlpmtdingatllenrvavivsshseptwnialkesgyvgivdyaqagfplvstiatqkflhdggfdstkryflvaanasnkmvvvdtatrslaatidtgttphpgrganwldpvygmvngtthigegklsvygadpvnhpeyawkvvreialpssgslflkthpnspwvlvdmtlssdgtsskqicayskanavldrcwtvatnglathfefnqdgsqvwvsdwatdgaviildgvtlvevarltglqtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium_2303  coded_by=15851..17446,organism=uncultured bacterium 2303,definition=putative cytochrome d1 NirN heme region
mgrwrcaigwavyvafaalvvalvgaaaaqapipaatpdaaslygahcaschgadryglmgpallpeslerlrkpaaaetiargraatqmqafspalskeeidalvayvyappatrpawgdaeirasrvvhrtreslpdkpafsadplnlfvvveggdhhasvldgdrleriarfptryalhggpkfspdgryvyfasrdgwiskydlwnlamvaevraglntrnaavssdgryvmvgnylpqsvvvldadlnlvkvmpavdregkkgsrvsavydaaprksfvvalkdipevwevsydpkapeipigvihdfqyregafvpgflnvrrtmlqdtlddffftqdynvvmgasreagkgqvvhldvrrkiadldlpgmphlgsgitfvhdgrpvmatpnlkegvvtvidmttwkpvkaisthgpgffmrshdntpyawvdammgqrkdtlqvidkrtlavvgevtpspgktaahiefdrygryalasvwendgaivvydaatlkevkrlpaskpvgkynvwnkitrepgtsh
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlepqkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvllvdysnpkaitettleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskereltalidvteiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatsalgnanitligtdpvkrgkkhawqvvrtlrglgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnpeagyeqlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkqgtevwfsvwngldqrsalvivddktrklikviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlepqkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvllvdysnpkaitettleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskereltalidvteiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatsalgnanitligtdpvkrgkkhawqvvrtlrglgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnpeagyeqlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkqgtevwfsvwngldqrsalvivddktrklikviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlkpmqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrkltalvdvtkiphpgrganlndpqfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpgnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrqlkhvikgpelvtptgkst
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpaghasnawkvvrtlegpgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlvtptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimegdtlepkkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvsysdienlsvttiaaarflhdggwdlskryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpdrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndkitmlgtdpdghpdqawkvvkvmsgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpetpisqsvavfsindldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikgeriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdddtpepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashaypefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskerdlealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygsvwatsalgnenitlistdpnkdhawtavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldkghevlpiadwaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqdsavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrtlvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtnalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdsawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqepaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkvllvnyadvdnlavttidaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrtlaamvdvpkiphpgrganfndpkygpvwatsclgddclavigtdpkgnkdsawkvvrnlktqgggslfikthpksknlwvdnplnpataisqsvavydinnldkgydvmriaeaaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrkvkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Thauera_terpenica_58Eu  coded_by=complement(125858..127552),organism=Thauera terpenica 58Eu,definition=nitrite reductase
mqnkgwigktlalavlplalgsawaetapqtapqltaaemeqgkliyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepnwaktladgthteggtlklgterlekiiaygteggmvnyddiltkdeinlmaryiqneppippefslkdmkdswkllvpvdqrptkqmnkvnlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdtheiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmfyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgdyhpeprvasivasmqkpewvvnvketgqillvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpdfgpvwatghlgdavvslistasddakyakykannwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaesvfvfdrndlskapvridvakdsglpegkairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekitlidtdpvkhkdvawkvarvlkgqgggslfvksnpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdidnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktlklkavivdpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplrivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrilmvnyedidnltvtsipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskenklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfmdpehgpvwstsalgnekitvigtdpeghadnawkvvrvlegqgggslfvkthpnsknlyvdtalnpdeaisqsvavfnvddldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=3281..4822,organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mplrplslaltlalpgaaladaaadyaehcaschaenrmggtgpalipetlgrvkgldaviahgrpstqmagfegtlspeqiaglvefikspvaevpawgapeiaesrvmaedytpaekpvfsadpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdsfevldrfptpyavhggpkfspdgryvfvmsrdgwvekydiwslkevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpqtltildtatlepvkvievkakdgtpsrvsavyqapdrksfilalkdapeiwevatspdagpyedgyvhsyeagakesfgaqaglfarrripiaeplddfffdpgyrnligtnregtkgvvinlvsggkvaelplpgmphlgsgitwdrnghkvlatphlnegvlsvidmsdwslvkqiktdgpgfflrshetspyvwadvffgphkdemhiidkqtleivktlnpapgktvahteftkdgryalvsvwedegavivydaktleevkrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkihfeegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgatleplkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivniketghillvdysdiknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvaivdtkegklvdviesggikphpgrganlnhpvhgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpeghpdkawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksghlyvdtplnpeaeisssiavfkvadltaeepeytvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynvagdeiwfsvwngkehesaivvvddktlklkevikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._BICA1-14  coded_by=complement(9644..11167),organism=Pseudomonas sp. BICA1-14,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqpadsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlneaqitglvdylyqpsavppiwsdadirashrilkdvatlpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhiptvgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvapivashynpefiiniketghilmvnyadlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarntvavvdtkedklvalietgatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvknkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtvpigemsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddatrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvgskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvgskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstlkpikivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidsrnrrlvalpevtqvphpgrganiedpkfgpvwitsalgnanitfigtdperhrghawhavrvlqgqgggslfvkshpnsrnlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdvndldagyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvhpeynmdgsevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddatrtlkhvikgpeiitptgk
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganltdpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpeghpenawkvvrilegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdvalsqsiavydvnnleagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhviksadlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpepqvasivashlkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggfdaskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassiavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkqgdevwfsvwnakdqrsaivivddktrklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivviddktlklkkvikgpgmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnlekgyevipigelsgisegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngktqesaivviddatrklkavikdkrlvtptgqvp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgpslepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdyrdllnlkittleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrtqkmaalvdvdkiphpgrganlthptygpvwvtsalgnekvtmvgtdperhpqyawkavgvlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdttlnpdpkvsqsvavfdtrnpeagyqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktrtlkavirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtavgtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpgsknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkavikdkrlitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrhrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywpprfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkggkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeydkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitpygkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdmenltvttinaarflhdgvdstkryfltaanksnkvavvdsknrklvalvdvddiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnakismigtdpvkhpdhawkvvdvingqgggslfvkthprstnlwvdsplnpeaaisqsiavfdinnldagfqvlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkgeesaivvvddktrtlkkvikgdrvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganiddpeygpvwitsalgnanvsflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavydinnldagfeklpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddttrtlkavikddalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyedvknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkddklvaliesggikphpgrganivhpefgpvwvtshlgdeivsligtdpeghpehawkvvqilegqgggslfvkthpnsknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfnvddleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwnskeqesaivvvddktrqpvtvirderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddkalklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketdhillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnadhawqvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindfdagfvkipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdelwisvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplkvesvltpaydtdepleevrvasivashydpiwvvslkesghvalvdysqpdfpivakipterflhdggfahdqryfvvaanmrdqlvvvdlekkemvtkfetgikphpgrganwedpeygfvnatthlgepkmtvygadpegspehawkvvrevdlpsagglfvkthpnskwvwfdsplsadenltrqicvyskasgevekcwqptdrgrtvhfeynkegtevwvsgwdragslivyddeslaeiarieedwlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpikhkdqawkvatvlkgqgggslfvkshpksqhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdignldagykvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddprivtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdsakryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgdgpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkkvidgarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasiaasqykpefivnvketghilmvnyediknltvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkiavvdtktdqlvalidsegakphpgrganlrhskfgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpkghpeqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkshpnsknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdvdnlekgyevlpigewsgitegfrrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqvllvnyedintlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpakhkddawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsiavfdttnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqvllvnyedintlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpakhkddawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsiavfdttnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-105ASC  coded_by=179880..181403,organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-105ASC,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatppadsqalyeqhcqschganrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqtvirdgrpasqmaayshvlneaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrilkdvatlpmtpqhganplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfdelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldarnlslvkhiptvgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Thauera_aromatica  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=Thauera aromatica,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepmkivstrgntvdgdyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgmillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaetvfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpsivtptgkfnv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqklaalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdttnleagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlqlkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhperrvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdmnalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdreiealvdateiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpkghkdnawkvvrtlkaqggsslfvkthpnssnlwvdntlhpdpgvsqsiavydvnnldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivashykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdiknlkvttieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarnkiavigtktsklvalldsegqtphpgrganlmhpkygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqqlealgggslfvkshptsghlyvdsplnpdaeisasiavfkvadlaneepeytvlpigewagigegqprvvqgefnqagteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddrtlelkevikdpalitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA019  coded_by=135261..136742,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA019,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpaapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3577  coded_by=complement(235326..236807),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3577,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpaapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Marinobacter_sp._AK21  coded_by=complement(6702..8426),organism=Marinobacter sp. AK21,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mrvtnklfqplalavavasfgaltahaapkdpdpsstayegapsavepesarivrspgapdltdaefekakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergidylkafitygspagmpnwgtsgdlsedevelmakyvmheppqppeysladmkatwevivppekrpkkqlndlnlknvfsvtlrdagqialidgdtheiakiidtgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdalinmvdlwmeepdtvakikvgmearsvetskykgyedkfaiagtywppqfvimdgetlepkkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketgkimlvnyedldnmditsidaarflhdggwdssmryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskdrnlealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdqtiqligtdpeghpdsawkvvrtldgqgggslfikthpksenlyvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdvnnldagyevlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeynlagdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlrgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmngdtleplkimstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyqdvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrhqklealidvdkiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgndkitfigtdpenhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshptskhlyvdtplnpdtdisqsvavfdvnaieagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnragdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivivddrtlqlkhviddprivt
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytvmdgdtleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsnriavidsrerklialpevtkiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgsanitvigtdpeghpdqawkvvrildgqgggslfvkshpvstnlwvdtplnpdpamsqsiavfdtndlgagykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynadgsevwssvwsgleqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikspdiitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepmkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefivsvketghilmvnyedmanlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnklavvdtkdnklvalfesggttphpgrganfvhpihgpvwatshlgdeivslvgtdpvghadkawtvvqtlegqgggslfikthpvstnlyvdtplnpeaelassiavfdinnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwnskeqesaivvvddktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkppkivatrgmtvgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshynpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlqnlkikmieaapflhdggfesshryfmdaanasnkiavidtkegkleklvevgktphpgrganfidpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpkkhpnnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpepgisqsvavydvnnlekgselipigewsgikdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlaalidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpknawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfnvddlaagyevipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqiilvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfihpkygpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkpehakykqynwkvveeikhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkailnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgatleplkivstrgttvdgdyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdytkryflvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatghlgdaaitlistptddpkyakykqynwkvvqelptagagnlfvkthpksnhlradmpmnpdrenaevnfvygindlskppvkidvakdsglpvtkalrravhqeyskdgsevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpnihaagkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedisnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>852,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvdysdvdtlsvrdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalidvtktphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpdghadnawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwvrqgpgsaivivddktrelkavikdpnli
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvdnlsvtdieaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrelealvdvekiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpdyawkvvrvlqgmgggsifvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsiavfdinnldagfvklpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesalvivddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_RCH2  coded_by=889993..891675,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri RCH2,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
msnvgkpilagliaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwskteadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqmnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaiitptgkfnvfntmydvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpqkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkvlmvdysdlnnlkvttigaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkiavvdtkddklvalvetgttphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpknnrdhawqvvqtlegqgggslfikthphsknlwvdtplnpeaeisssvvvfdisnldkgyetipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngkthesaivviddktrkllavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>924,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgttleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskkrklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfkhpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmiatdpekhpehawqvvsvvrgqgggslfvkthpksdnlwvdtplnpeepisqsvavfdinqldecpewkpaselaegeanscfevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeysddgkevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrklkkvikgdrivtptgkfn
>Candidatus_Competibacter_denitrificans_Run_A_D11  coded_by=complement(86494..88227),organism=Candidatus Competibacter denitrificans Run_A_D11,definition=Nitrite reductase
mpkmhrklkhavvvlsalpfaislalaetpaakkgvseaevkyqaggspmanepmhqnvdpkapamkevefdrgkqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkplttdktlatgteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgeltdeevdlmaryiqqepptppefglkemeatwklvvpadkrptkkmnhynienvvsvtlrdsgqialidgdtkkiiniiptgyavhisrlsasgrylyvigrdarinlidlwmekpetvaeikiglearsvetskykgyedkyaiagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkivstrgttvdneyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnaketgkimmvnyedlnnlktttiegakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkenklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpekhkdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthsksgnlwvdtalnpdpkisqsvavwnikdidkpyevipiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklktvikdpklitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhreprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimngltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhxeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlcvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktlklkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanargkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlaplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvteigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsnkiavidsrerklaaltdvteiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpeghpdtawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdvafsqsiavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklknvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlaplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvteigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsnkiavidsrerklaaltdvteiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpeghpdtawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdvafsqsiavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklknvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfdisnldkpaeilpigkwsgisegvcrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmkgdsleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarfphdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvklidvgkiphpgrganskdpklgrvwatghlgdetiavigtdpsnkksawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkssnlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkpfkvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnradnawktvrviqgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqgeynmrgdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelktvikdpnlitptg
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigtarylhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkvvvidskndtltamvdvteiphpgrganiadpeygpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpesknlwvdaplnpdakisqsvavfdvdnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrrlkkvikgpdmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwitsalgnhnitflgtdpeehpghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwitsalgnhnitflgtdpeehpghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwitsalgnhnitflgtdpeehpghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwitsalgnhnitflgtdpeehpghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwitsalgnhnitflgtdpeehpghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwitsalgnhnitflgtdpeehpghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>Halomonas_nitroreducens  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas nitroreducens,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyedldalstveidtsrflhdggwdstgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdntiqligtdpeghpdqawqvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtplnpgeaisqsvavydindleagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynhagnevwfsvwntmdetsalvvvndetreleavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpvghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqvgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivasehkpewvinvketgmiklvdysdlanlkettinsakflhdggwdsskryflvaanasnkiavvdtekgklealvdtakiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisiigtdpanhkesawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksenlwadaplnpdaklagsvtvykiadlagdakpevidiaaaanqsktkglqrvvhgeynetgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvmddktrkvktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvivdgdtlrprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpgfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdgsfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirgkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeehpknawktvriiegmgggslfikshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinrldagfvrlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeehpknawktvriiegmgggslfikshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinrldagfvrlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgviklvnyedinnlqettieaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksnqvavvdsrdrklaalvdvtetphpgrganlddpthgpvwvtsalgnanitaigtdpkrhpdsawqvvwvlqgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdtplnpdpavsqsvamfdvenlgggfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrtlkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgviklvnyedinnlqettieaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksnqvavvdsrdrklaalvdvtetphpgrganlddpthgpvwvtsalgnanitaigtdpkrhpdsawqvvwvlqgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdtplnpdpavsqsvamfdvenlgggfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrtlkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntleplkiestrgmiydeqtyhpeprvasivashyhpqfivnvketgkillinyddiknlkvteieaerflhdggfdsthryflvaanargkvavvdtrdekltalietggqtphpgrganfvhpelgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpeghpdqawklvqslyalgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdaplnpdaetsasvavfdisgmkagedpeytalpigewagiadgqprvvqpeynkegtevwfsvwnskdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdprlitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyrvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgltleprkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshkhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlrvttidaarflhdggwdrsqryfltaanesdriavvdaqeqelealipveriphpgrganfihpehgpvwttsalgnanitligtdpdghpeqawtvvdvlqgqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdtplhpeakvgqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewadlgpgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmeeqsaivvvddrtrtlkqvikgdfmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnktavvdskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrsanfkdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtvigtdpenhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksnnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyedlknlkvtdieaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhadnawkvvqhlegqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdindldkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqegteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktralkhvirderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyenpeslsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlqdpddgpvwvtsalgnanvtvmgtdpeghpdkawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdegisqsvavydvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnrdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashfkptfivnvketgkilvveykdiknlevteiaaarflhdggfdaskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkeeklvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpekhpkqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeveiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvdddktlklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgftleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkilpvnyedidnlkvtsigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanksnkiavvdskqgklaalvevgaiphpgrganfedpefgpvwatshlgddsialigtdpdghpdkawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpdssnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdindlsskakvlpiadwadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqqsaivivddktlqlkhvikgdplvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmadysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpefgpvwatsalgnenitliatdprkhkdhawkvvetlkgqgggslfvkshpqssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiadwaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddrtrklkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepleivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdgnpdnawkvvrilegqgggslfvkshpnsknlwvdsplnpdeavsqsvavynvddldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvdgktrelkyvikgeelvtptgkfn
>Thioalkalivibrio_nitratireducens_DSM_14787  coded_by=1644675..1646195,organism=Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens DSM 14787,definition=cytochrome c - like protein
mpvcvripsvspastalgaaaallaawpatgsspdeaqriyqihcaschsgdrlggmgpallpenlrrvrrpeareviahgraatqmpgfseqlsddeimllveyiyqplevmpvwardevldsrvvhygpgslsdeprfdadplnlfivveladhhaslldgdrlevltrfptrfalhggpkyspdgryvyfasrggwiskfdvynmktvaeiragintrnlaisgdgryllvgnylphsvvlldaddlmpleiieardaagtssrvsavytaapresfivalkdiaevweisyaaadfplrrivlddylddfffdpgyhhligaarnannaqvvnldeglkvaeidltglphlgsgisweyqgrpvvatpnlreaevsvidlqdwtiieridtlgpgffmrshgdspyawvdvffgpdsdavhvidkktlkivrtlrpepgktaahieydrhgryallsiwdddgalviydadtleevkripmkkpsgkynvynktrldpgtsh
>Roseobacter_denitrificans_OCh_114  coded_by=1495237..1496784,organism=Roseobacter denitrificans OCh 114,definition=nitrite reductase protein N
mirriislsllaltplsaqgepavlyathcavchgddrlgslgpalipeslrrlkgdkleaviaqgristqmpgfdaqisaeditelaaylhtplpeipvwnaeriaetlevnpdyvapdapqhdadplnifvvvetgdhhisvldgdtfdvlarlptplavhggpkftpdgrftfvmsrdgwvqkidlwsmqevarlragvnsrniamskdgkylavanylphsltilstadmsverifdvvgkdgessrvsavyqapqrdsfilalkdipeiwevatdpkadpvyegfvhsrekgmveaiasseglfarrrievteplddffftpdyrfligaaresdrgvvvnlnvgrethelplsglphlgsgisweyqgrrvmatphlreaklsvidiqnwevltqidtdgpgffmrshenspyvwadvffgpnrdvmhvidkqtleivktlrpvpgktlahvefdregrhalvslweddgailiydaqtleevkrlpmskpsgkynvfnkitfsdgtsh
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinaketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdettaligtgpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdaqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvdhpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=11589..13097,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=NirN
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldmasaatpddsqalyeqhcqachgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlndaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashriltdvatlpttpqhgadprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnltmlaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgtlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsytgeptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldngqavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=3824889..3826397,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=probable c-type cytochrome
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldmasaatpddsqalyeqhcqachgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlndaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashriltdvatlpttpqhgadprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnltmlaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgtlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsytgeptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldngqavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnfediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkdnklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpenhpdnawkmvqslegqgggslfikthpestnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdiknldkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkqgteirfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrerdlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpeygpvwvtsapgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrilqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpnesasqsiavfdindleagyerlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgqdvngeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgsdvisligtdpakhpqyawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpkshnlwadaplnpekdlaesvtvydirnldkapeliniaklaglpeskaikravhaeynaagdevwyslwagrtepsaivimddktrklkhvvkdprlitptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnpkfakyksnnwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpekevaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgstleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdyrdllnlktttleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrtqkmaalvdvdkiphpgrganfthptygpvwvtsalgnekvtmvgtdperhpqyawkavgvlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdttlnpdpkvsqsvavfdtlnpeagyqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktrtlkavirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlkpekivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdreiealidvtkiphpgrganvndpdfgpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpeghkenawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdntlnpdakisqsvavydindldagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlkpekivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdreiealidvtkiphpgrganvndpdfgpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpeghkenawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdntlnpdakisqsvavydindldagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltevtkiphpgrganledptygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghadnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavydvndfdagytvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpelvtrtgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrittigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskdqqltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsiavfdinnleggykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnkdgdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyaimqgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstrryfltaanqsdkiavvdskeqrlealidaekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnedvtvigtdpanhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpnsknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsiavfdvdnldggfevlpiaewagleegamrvvhpeynkagdevwfrcgngkdeesaivvvddktrelkhvikderlvtptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpqfvvnvketglilminyediknlqvttieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkiavvdtkenklaalvesegttphpgrganlilpdlgpvwatshlgdeivsfigtdpdghpeqawkvvktvegqgggslflkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdienleagyevlpigewsgitegirrvvqpeynkdgdevwfavwnakeeesaivivddktrklkkvirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyivydgltleplsvtsvegstfdtnepleevrvasivashfdpvwvlalkesghvgivdyskdgfpmvsripaerflhdggwdhtgryflvaanmrnqmvvvdvqrqelvstfetgirphpgrganwkdpeygwvnatthlgqglltvygadpqahpehawqvvrqvpidgtgslfikthpnspwvwmdmalnndpdgarticvyskqegsihrcwkaadrgrvvhfeynrdgtdvwvsvwdaegeiiiyddatlrekeritgdwlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM41(2012)  coded_by=complement(345873..347366),organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM41(2012),definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mrrmlvahllwisaaqagaavpalehvaenyqqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmagyanvfslaqidalvdylqqppatpptwsnddilgshsmladlsklpitpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnvvvldardlslvktiptigqdgtasrvsavysapprdsfivalkdvkevwelswagtpnfeprripagdvlddfsfspdykqllatsrkaqggqvidldsgkvitdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawsdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrflllsiwatdgalivydsntleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefvegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqaiavydvnnieagfqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqaiavydvnnieagfqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlrvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepiqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltevtkiphpgrganlddptygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdnafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnsnnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvndldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddknrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepiqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltevtkiphpgrganlddptygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdnafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnsnnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvndldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddknrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepiqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltevtkiphpgrganlddptygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdnafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnsnnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvndldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddknrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvahkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfqindleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddrtlklkaviddqriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvahkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfqindleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddrtlklkaviddqriitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkivstrgqthdgeyhpeprvasivatpnkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdvknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpkstnlwadaplnperelaesvtaydiknldkgpeviniakmanlpeskaikrtvhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivilddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_denitrificans_ATCC_13867  coded_by=complement(4306065..4307633),organism=Pseudomonas denitrificans ATCC 13867,definition=cytochrome d1 heme subunit
mhsfrsvsvsgllplvlclapglagadepidaarlfqencttchsadrggyiapalnstalnssetalrsmimlgipdtlmppwhgvlsdeqiralahyikttprdnpqwtlqdirdslevlvdeskppdkpvydgdvrdlmaimqrgrygkapaarvvffdgktnkqvgevptdyaphildydpvnprwgylktdtseiykidlyslkavrkvkaglsgpsiavsadgryllsgsfspgivtlfdartleplsrvelrgkdydgkqvesassmviaspldntfaiavrqtgqvwildpsrpqepivtriekvgrfvhdaflsadrrymfladyvgnafavvdlkerklvktiaggcqphvgsgaiteikgrqvafgtnigtcdkgdvvtvwdartfetikqipvsgatespaahpdapyvavdvvskdsrarrvelidkntlsvaktieadghlyfpeytrdgkylyisggysgdrlhiydshsleevasypletpagifsrartewgtvglqaqaksgkp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganledpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnleagfetlpiaewaelgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntlepqkivstrgmtadtneyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkvllvnyqdvdnlsvttiptarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkvvvidskdrkmtamidvdkiphpgrganfvhakhgpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpvghpenawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpgekisqsiavfdttdldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalviiddktlklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfeptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggfdaskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpgqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpteilpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkqgdeiwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvdnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdeiaivdsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganivdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrilegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdeaasqsiavfdinnldagferlpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegetlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvinaketgkiylvnykdlnnlrittldaakflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkddklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetismigtdpvkrkaqawkvvdtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsiavynindlhkgfevlpiaewanvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA103  coded_by=complement(54133..55839),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA103,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndnsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL22  coded_by=complement(54138..55844),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL22,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndnsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(579519..581225),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndnsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH060  coded_by=complement(513556..515262),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH060,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndnsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH053  coded_by=complement(501533..503239),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH053,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndnsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyiitdgetleplkvvstrgitvdgvyhheprvasivssmikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlkettinsakflhdggwdsskryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvitligtdpenhpqyawkvvqevknhganslfvkshpksknlwadaplnpdpklagsvsvykiadldkpdakptvldvaamadlgktkglqrvvhaeynangdevwysvwtgnktepsaivviddktlqlkkvikdkrlvtptgkst
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA045  coded_by=343618..345099,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA045,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DHS01  coded_by=complement(111127..112608),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DHS01,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DHS29  coded_by=complement(1436..2917),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DHS29,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(13857..15338),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH059  coded_by=complement(562283..563764),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH059,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3581  coded_by=complement(241236..242717),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3581,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3580  coded_by=complement(243351..244832),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3580,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtlepvkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivanhhkpefvvnvketgkvmlanysdlnnlkiteiaaarflhdggwestqryvmmaanqsnkisvidtvegkqaalvdvgkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkghkqhawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpdeaisqsiavfdinsldkgfvalpiakwaglgegakrvlqpeynkaggevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrdrdlealidvekiphpgrganlldpkygpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpkrhskhawkvvrvldgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdeaisqsvavfdvdnldapyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivivddktrtlkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgvtvdgdyhqeprvasivasttkpeflvsvketgmvkmvdysdltnlkevtintakflhdggydaskryfmvaanasnkivvvdvkegkftalvdtakiphpgrganinhpkfgpawatshlgsdvitligtdpekhpdqawkvvqelknhgpnslfvkthpksdnlwadsplnpdaklagsvtvykisdlgqpdpkpeiidvaaaanlgktkgiqrvvqgeynqygdeiwysvwtgnktepsaivviddktrkvktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvsflgtdpvghpdsawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdiddldagfvklpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddksrelkavikdphlitptgkft
>Pseudomonas_sp._TKP  coded_by=complement(2961540..2962994),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TKP,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mkrlllvpllwasaahgtpaedyqrlcagchglnrigasgpallpeslgrikpeevrkvieqgrpasqmaafapqlsaaqidglasllqqppdspvswdeqairsshtvladvsrlpttpqhhvdplnlfvvvesgdhhidildgdtftvldrfrthfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwisqydlhnlkliaeirvglntrnlavskdgrwvlagnylpgnlvlldardlslvktldtasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvnevwelsyaaaqpsfeprriqaqdvlddfsfspdyrqlvatsrkagggqvidldsgrvvtdiplsgmphlgsgtywqrngqwvfatpniskgqisvidlktwtlikqiptlgpgffmrshvnsryvwsdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwatdgalivydsqtlkeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkvefaegtsh
>Halomonas_campaniensis  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=Halomonas campaniensis,definition=NirS
ywppqfviadaetmeplkvvstrgydtegnyvhearvaalyntpnapsflvnvketgqvwqvdysdienlrieqmetaeylhdgffdpsgryfqiaanysnkmvfvdtetrkrvgmletgqiphpgpganwvdpecgpvagtthlgegrmtfwgndpenypdqaweicgsvetdgpglfvrthpesdnvwidqamhpeadvnqwvmvmnketreltpihvadrpvehdavavhmeydqtgsevwvsiwargrghqddgaivifddktleekarvenlntptgkfng
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Halomonas_sp._BC04  coded_by=complement(24043..25569),organism=Halomonas sp. BC04,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mtrpslllgallgltmpvlpavadepdahvlynhhcaichgvsrlggigpallpdnlsrlkqdeafevihdgriatqmpaygelldeaeiaalaewifeapevepswteedilasqdvrhahgtlpdepvfevedlknlfivveigdhhvslldgdkferiarfpsryalhggpkytpdgryvyfgsrdgwvtkydiynlevtaevraginmrniavsadgryvlagnylphtlvlldardldliatipveglngetsrvsavytapprnsfvaalrdipevweirwpeeradgdetivgdfalhrmeapdylddfffdmeyrylvgaarggkggqvfdmdeevkvadlplegmphlgagitweldgrrvmaiphidkgqvsvfdmtdwslithietdgpgffmrshenspyawvdvffgpnhdrihvidkqtleivetlipepgktaahvefdrrgetlllsiwdddgyllwldgntleelgrmpmkrpsgkynvwnktqyeegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=1..1707,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygfplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>848,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdsltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpnganawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdsplnpdeaiaqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepikivstrgytvdtkkyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgkilpvnyedvtnlrvttidaelflhdggldstkryfltaanarntvavidmkegklvrlvresdgigetphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgddtvvligtdpkghpqfawkvvetleglgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdaplhpepeisqsvavfdinnldkgyetlpigkwsgisegtrrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwngkdqqsaivvvddkthklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>846,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnvketgkilvadytdlnnmkiteigaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiavvdsktsklaglvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesialigtdpakhpknawklvrslkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpdakisqsiavydianldkgyqvidiaamaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqqsaivvlddktrklkhvikdkr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsenkkyakykefnwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkelaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkeawislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnrlavidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganivdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpidhaghawkvvrevagqgggslfvkshpnsdnlwvdtplnpdtamsqsiavfdvndieagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnrlavidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganivdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpidhaghawkvvrevagqgggslfvkshpnsdnlwvdtplnpdtamsqsiavfdvndieagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqimlvdyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrtqkmaalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrittptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>887,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttvgsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedkkfakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsavvvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>887,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttvgsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedkkfakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsavvvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivaehlrphfvvnvketgkilmanykdlsaikvteigaarflhdggwdatkrfflvaanqsnkiavldtvddklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhkqnawkvvqtlkgqgggnlfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdidnlgkspqilpiaewagvkegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwsakdqesaivivndktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgltleprkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshkhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlrvttidaarflhdggwdrsqryfltaanesdriavvdaqeqelealipveriphpgrganfihpehgpvwttsalgnanitligtdpdghpeqawtvvdvlqgqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdtplhpeakvsqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewadlgpgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmeeqsaivvvddrtrtlkqvikgdfmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnfkdtknlqvtiidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskertlealvdvakiphpgrganvvdpqygpvwvtsclgddtiaaigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdvnisqsvavfdldnldkgyevinvaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvilddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnfkdtknlqvtiidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskertlealvdvakiphpgrganvvdpqygpvwvtsclgddtiaaigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdvnisqsvavfdldnldkgyevinvaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvilddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnfkdtknlqvtiidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskertlealvdvakiphpgrganvvdpqygpvwvtsclgddtiaaigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdvnisqsvavfdldnldkgyevinvaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvilddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewvgikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewvgikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Achromobacter_sp._DBTN3  coded_by=<1..>1363,organism=Achromobacter sp. DBTN3,definition=nitrite reductase
alitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdnawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndidagfvklpiaacaelgegpkrvvqgeynkvgdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelktvikdpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatlepkqivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvqmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtqqdklvtlietgikphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeknrdhawkvvqklegqgggslfikthphsrnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdinnlgkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkeqmsaivvvddrtrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvkeaghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdmnalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdreiealvdateiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpkghkdnawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdntlhpdpgvsqsiavydvnnldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_10701  coded_by=complement(715084..716604),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 10701,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliyallaaaalpaatfvaldmaipraaaaettdahalyqqhcqschgvdrlggagpallpeslgrikpdearkvirdgrpasqmaaysslldaaqidslvsylyrpsavpptwsdadirashrmltdvaklpdspqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrilegdgftelarfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsfydlhnltmvaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgldgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyagepdfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtrkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrggewifatpnvskglisvldmrswklikeiptegpgffmrshehskyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftkdgkhlllsvwdtdgalivydsdtleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
gppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrildgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpeesisqsvavfdvndldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnpwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewviniketgqillvdysdiqnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedkkfakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthqksknlwadspqnsdkdlaesvsvwdmsdlskpkailnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddetlklkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgleiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkadtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlrnlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>850,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkilmvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklidvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetiavigtdpekhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavydikdlskpprvlpiaewagikdgprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkilmvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklidvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetiavigtdpekhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavydikdlskpprvlpiaewagikdgprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgaslepvkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefvvniketgqvlmvnyediknlkvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavidtkenklaalietgvkphpgrganfehpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdqawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpeaeisssvavfkldelgngaeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddatlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgaslepvkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefvvniketgqvlmvnyediknlkvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavidtkenklaalietgvkphpgrganfehpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdqawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpeaeisssvavfkldelgngaeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddatlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtqqdklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtgpeknrdhawkvvqklegqgggslfikthphsrnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdiknldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggsdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialtgtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdvdnlsvtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiaivdsldrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpqhawkrvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdvnfsqsiavfdvdnpdagftvlpiadwaelgdgpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwggkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpkivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleprkivstrsmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkiavvdttddklvalietgktphpgrganfnhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpknnpdhawkvvqklegqgggslfikthphstnlwvdtplnpeaeiaasvavfdiknldkgyevipvgelsgisegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwnsktqqsaivviddksrkvkavikdkrlvtptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssvavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepnkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnvketgrillvnyqdiknlkvtsiaserflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavvdtkegkltalidsegikphpgrganfvhpehgpvwstshlgdetisligtdpeghpdkawkvvetlegqgggslfikthpasqnlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdlndlsadyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwnsqeeesaivvvddktrklkkvirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaittdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>848,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptleplkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpefivnvketghilmvnyedidnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkedklaalietggvkphpgrganlvhpefgpvwvtshlgdevvsligtdpvghpehawkvvetlegqgggslfvkthptstnlyvdtplnpepeiassvavfdinnleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwngkeedsaivvvddrtrelkhvfrder
>Pseudomonas_sp._12M76_air  coded_by=complement(1885618..1887111),organism=Pseudomonas sp. 12M76_air,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrlistlllgavlplaaladassvtdvatlyqtqcqschgldrlggtgpallpeslgrikpeevrkviqhgrpasqmaaygqvldagqidalvsylytaaevpptwtaadirashrqladltqlpdspqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrildgdtfeelarfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskydlhnltmvaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardltlvkpiaatgsdgtpsrvsavytapqrdsfvvalkdvqevwelsyagtpdftprriiaadylddfsftpdyryllatsrkakggqvidldtgktltdiplpgmphlgsgiywqrdgkwvfatpnisqglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrshehspyawtdvffgpnndaihlidkqtlevahtlrpvpgknaahveftrdgrylllsiwdedgallvldsetleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkigfvegtsh
>Pseudomonas_sp._12M76_air  coded_by=complement(1885618..1887111),organism=Pseudomonas sp. 12M76_air,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrlistlllgavlplaaladassvtdvatlyqtqcqschgldrlggtgpallpeslgrikpeevrkviqhgrpasqmaaygqvldagqidalvsylytaaevpptwtaadirashrqladltqlpdspqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrildgdtfeelarfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskydlhnltmvaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardltlvkpiaatgsdgtpsrvsavytapqrdsfvvalkdvqevwelsyagtpdftprriiaadylddfsftpdyryllatsrkakggqvidldtgktltdiplpgmphlgsgiywqrdgkwvfatpnisqglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrshehspyawtdvffgpnndaihlidkqtlevahtlrpvpgknaahveftrdgrylllsiwdedgallvldsetleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkigfvegtsh
>Thioclava_sp._DT23-4  coded_by=23867..25570,organism=Thioclava sp. DT23-4,definition=nitrite reductase
mwaqdtkepipedpkvvhgdnpadayqpsmttlaeiqvqipgrkegdpvmtqdefqrgtkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrehgydylqsfitygspagmpnwgtsgelseadvdlmaryvllepptppefgmpemldswkvivapedrptkkmndidienlmsvtlrdageialidgntydireviktgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdarvnmidlwmehpssvaeikigmearsvetskmegwedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvaailashyrpefiinvketgkilmvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanargklvvidtkegklvaitetggetphpgrganfvhpdygpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpeghpeqawkiadsfyalgggslfikthpnsdnlyvdatlnpdaetsasvavfkisdmkesvepeyttlpigewagiadgqprvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktlelkkvikdprlitptgkfnvyntqkdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdiknldkgyktipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagteiwfsvwnskkqesaivviddktrklkkvikdkrlvtr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkst
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL04  coded_by=complement(11964..13445),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL04,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrligfalglllgslaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqapprepqwgaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarflsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgaslepvkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefvvniketgqvlmvnyediknlkvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavidtkenklaalietgvkphpgrganfehpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpeaeisssvavfkldelgngaeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddatlelkqvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashhnpefivsvketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflaaanardrvavvdtkedklvalidsggikphpgrganlnhpvhgpvwvtshlgdetvsligtdpenhpdkawtvvetlegqgggslfvkthpnsanlyvdtplhpeaeisssiavfdvnnleagyevlpigdwsgitegvrrvvqgefnkegteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrtlktvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqftimngatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlkttaigaarflhdggwditkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdsrdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfmdpqsgpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdsplnpdakisqsvavfdttnldapykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvviddktlqlkaviddprivtptgkfn
>Dechloromonas_aromatica_RCB  coded_by=complement(3508109..3509695),organism=Dechloromonas aromatica RCB,definition=Cytochrome d1, heme region
mnlrsigkilipagfaayflfgmaqlaeaadvvanfkqhcaachgvdrlggigpallpdnlarlrkpeaekviregrpatqmlgfgqqlnneeikalveyaytpitpmpvwgekeikasrivnfapgslpdkpqfkadplnlfvvvesgdhhvsildgdklepiyrfqsrfalhggpkftpdgryvffasrdgwitkfdmwnlkvvaevragintrnaavsgdgkwvavanylphslvildaelnmakilpvadkdgkvssrvsavydasprqsfvaalkdvkevweisynpkadaipagmihdykyqegafipgflnpqrtqlddylddffftqgydelmgasrndsksvvsgqvvnldarkkiadlqlpgmphlgsgiswqwqgktvmatpnlneglisiidmktwqtikqiktrgpgffmrshensryawtdsmmskefkdtmqiidkekleivaelkpepgktfahveftrdgkyvlaslwemdgaliiydaetlkevkrlpmkkpvgkynvwnkitksegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdienitvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdinnldagfvtlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeirfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>Marinobacter_sp._EN3  coded_by=161694..163418,organism=Marinobacter sp. EN3,definition=nitrite reductase
mrvtklmikplamavaitslgvmnaqaapkdpdkstmayegtpsavdaesakivrspgapdltdaefekakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergidylkafisygspagmpnwltsgdfdeetvelmakyimheppmppefsladmkdtwevivppedrptkqmndldlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgdskevvkiidtgyavhisrmsasgryvmvigrdalinmidlwmeepktvakikvgmearsvetskykgwedklaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaakflhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpestnlyvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfntyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdggtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgliklvnyedidnlsettinaarflhdggwdrskryflteanqsdkiavvdskdrtlaalidvekiphpgrganltdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitviatdpdkhpdnawnvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavfnvndldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgmdeesaivvvddrtrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkiqstrgmlydeqqyhpeprvaailashyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldstkryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaiedtggatphpgrganfthptlgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpeghpdnawkivdsfpalgggslfvkthpkskhlyidatlnpeieisgsvavfdtttmkgdgsdpefktlplaelagitegqprvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwngkdqtsaivviddatlevkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpnqawkvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktrklkhvvkderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthstsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtgigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkehesaivvvvdktrelkavikdpklvtpt
>Aromatoleum_aromaticum_EbN1  coded_by=complement(513223..514827),organism=Aromatoleum aromaticum EbN1,definition=probable c-type cytochrome
mnflrskaatfrpstrlfavpvllaavfvafsssvraddsdmasrhyqqycaschggnrlgasgpallpenlarlrkeealevirdgrvatqmpafdatlkadeiaalgaliytpvvpapkwseadirasriqhvdpatlaakpvfdadpmnlfvvveggdhhvsvldgdklepihrfasrlalhggpkftkdgrfvffgsrdgwvtkydlwnlkvvaevragintrnvavspdgrhvavanylphtlvlldgdlnllksidvtdregkrssrvsavyeatprnafvaalkdvpevweisydptaeeipigyvhdyklregafvrgylnprrteltqvlddffftqdysmvlgasregvgqvvnldvrrkiadlpldgmphlgsgitwewqgrrvmastnlkaaevtvidledwsvikrirtrgagfflrshensryafvdsmmsrdaknilqvidkqtleivrelkappgqtlahveftrdgryalaslwemdgalivydaqtleevkripmkkpvgkynvwnktmreegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealidapkiphpgrganikdpkfgpvwltsslgnenmtfigtdparhkkhawkvvrtlksqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdnplhpvakisqsvavydindldagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdlplvdmngdplaenrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagyvsivpyanpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntrtlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgnpahawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydqdicaiskatgtldrcftvatngkavhfefnidgsevmvsdwdpdgavivldsttlteirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaavvashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplklvstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvasivashfhpeflvnvketgqvklvdysdltnlkitnvaaarflhdggfdasgryfmvaanasnkvavvdtkenklvglvetgptphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdesvmligtdpenhpehawkvveilegqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdedisqsiavfdikdlskpyevlplakwagitdgprrvvhgeynkegtevwfsvwntkdktsaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdaqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvaaydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvlmvnyeditnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidskldvltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpesknlwvdaplnpdtrisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeawfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklksvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqngpvwmasalgnekvtligtdpekhkanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkshhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfgvanldapytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkalesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkvvstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashaypefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsshryfltaanksnkvavidskegnltamvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikdegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_KOS6  coded_by=complement(6309..7832),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri KOS6,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrlipalllatalpaatfvaldmaipraaaaippadsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeahavirdgrpasqmaayskvldeaqiaslvdylyqpsavaptwsdadigashrilkdvatlpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwisvydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvknipvvgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyagdpnfkprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahvefthdgryallsvwdadgalivydansleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkivatrgmtvgaqdyhpeprvaaivashfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlnnlkikmieaapflhdggfesthryfmdaantsnkiavidtkegkleklvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpkkhpegawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpepkisqsvavfdvnnldkgyelipigewsgikdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivivddktrklkavirdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvagivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnindlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdshdrelealidvektphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpqsnpdhawdavrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldagfetlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvagivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnindlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdshdrelealidvektphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpqsnpdhawdavrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldagfetlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>Roseobacter_litoralis_Och_149  coded_by=complement(3218910..3220652),organism=Roseobacter litoralis Och 149,definition=nitrite reductase NirS
mslsiltrsvavsallslsatlalaqdkpadhgddasaayqpslttlgqiqveipgrkpgdpvmtpseyqdsntiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkalttditrpngfeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgdmteeqvdamarylllepavppewgmaemrdswkvivapedrptekmndididnlfsvtlrdageialidgasyeiktiietgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdakvvmidlwmetpgpvaeikvgsearsvetskfkgyedkyaiagaywppqfvimdgdtleplrikstrgmtydeqdfhpeprvaailgshykpeflvnvketgkimmvdysdmdalkiteinaerflhdggldstqryfltaanargkivvidtkeskkvavietegetphpgrganinhptygpvwatshlgddtvaligtdpegnpdhawkmvqqlyalgggslfvkshptsnhlyvdatlnpdaetsgsvavfkidelgqeepeytvlplvewagiaegqprvvqgefnqagneiwfsiwnaadlesaivvvddktlemkhvikderlvtptgkfnvfntradvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiaivdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdptygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvinvarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlaplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvteigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsnkiavidsrerklaaltdvteiphpgreanlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfiktdpeghpdtawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdvafsqsiavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklknvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlaplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvteigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsnkiavidsrerklaaltdvteiphpgreanlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfiktdpeghpdtawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdvafsqsiavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklknvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdypnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvtanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatsllgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqxeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklehvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlepqkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvllvdysnpkaitettleaarflhdggwdsthrcfltaanksnkiavidskereltalidvteiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatsalgnanitligtdpvkrgkkhawqvvrtlrglgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnpeagyeqlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkqgtevwfsvwngldqrsalvivddktrklikviddpriitptgkfn
>Leptothrix_cholodnii_SP-6  coded_by=1520708..1522429,organism=Leptothrix cholodnii SP-6,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mttskitrltalalaalamtaiqaqdkkgitqpemnyqaggsplageamyqgtnpkappmtqaefdlgrktyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdltvakgtdylkvfiaygsaagmpnwmtsgemdektvdvmaryiqhdaptppewsmaqtkatwkviiapekrptkkmnnynianifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhitrtsasgrylyvigrdakinmidlwmatpdnvaevrvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqftimngdtleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgktlmvdysnldalkiteigsapflhdggwdsskryfmvaanqsnkiaaidakdgklaaitevgkiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwstghlgdetisligtdpkghkqyafkevmklkgpgggalfikshpksrhlysdtplnpdpklsqsvavydvnnldkgyvtlpiaewaglsddgakrvvqpefnkagdevwfavwsaknkqsalvivddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnvhntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtlvatdpdkhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklknvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtleprkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgmtleplkivstrsmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgliklvnyedidnlkettidaarflhdggwdrtqryfltaanqsnkiavvdsqernleamvdvtaiphpgrganlldpdhgpvwvtsalgsdevtfigtdpeqhpdaawkavrvlagqgggslfvkthphshnlwvdsplnpdadisqsvavfdihdpdkgfevlpiaewadvgdgarrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvrnaldevsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnletttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvgtdpakhpdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynsagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdkawktvrildgmgggslfvkshpessnlwvgaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivndktrklkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>Aliiroseovarius_crassostreae  coded_by=153244..154917,organism=Aliiroseovarius crassostreae,definition=nitrite reductase
mslgitnktrhtlgigfaillgsvalpavaegptlseeafeaskqlyfercagchgvlrkgatgkslepvvkkknadgtetisgtlklgqerlekiiswgteggmnnfsdimseqeikdmatyiqmdppkppemslaqmkqtrkvyveeadypteplhgrnwenffvvierdvgtvavidgdtkevlahiptgyavhvmkasehhkleepenpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqtpdkmlvsevkiaydardvavsgdgkyviggaywpphfaivdamtmeplkvvstrgvnvdgdyveearvaaiyttpneptwivavkelgqlwqvdysdldnlridkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtkerkleamidvaalphpgpganwndpncgpvaatthlgagtvtvwgndpkgtpdkawktcyevetdgpglfvrthpnsdyiwadqtktpdlevqqsvqvisketgeivktiqiteeegnvavhfefnkdgtevwvskwnratskepngemviydaktleeigrvkglyaptgkfnvynrsnhvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimeadtlkpmqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrkltalvdvtkiphpgrganlndpqfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpgnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnldvgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrqlkhvikgpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pwppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfvvnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiatvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqaiavydvnnieagfqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvvmdgdtlkplkivstrgqtvdtleyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvklvdysdfknlkittidaalflhdggwesshryfmsaanksnqiavidskdrklvklidvgsiphpgrganfidpehgpvwatshlgdasislintdvksknawqvvrtlngqgggslflkthpasrnlwvdtplnpdpkvsqsiavfdinnlnkgferlpiaqwadigkgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqvsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkillvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklvdvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdkekhranawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpprvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfvvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttissakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwttghlgadvltlistpsdkksdakfkefnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvrthpkskhlwadapqnpdkelaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpatkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlklkkvitdpkiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdprktaggvggcgqdphpgrganfvdpkfglvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttigaarflhdggwdatqryfltaanqsnrlavidskerrlvalpevtkvphpgrganitdpkfgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpehnrdhawhvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdtplnpdpgisqsvavfdvndldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiiaptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvgdktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>Natrinema_sp._J7-2  coded_by=complement(1142972..1144270),organism=Natrinema sp. J7-2,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
myfrtkrkrdvgpmseqlaastvrppsfremaleaiadsretrseervlpdaprhgvtdlrdllvvaerrpgsvslvdttrhecvgridgvgraphsivfhrqlpengregayayvqsrqgwvskldlfggelvariragtsgraiaisadsafliagyynpnhavildadtleplhripahavdadgqsiasrictvrdvpgercfllvlkdagtvwfvdygepefpivdeidvgrvlhdgvfspddryfylasqaedclyvldvrqrtvvgrvptagpphpspgalderrglgitgtvmtdavtawdletwepiadvripghgmfctahpdseyvwgdvvfddtdrdndgfiyqidpdelvvstvidttewadgrslhpeftrdgdhvyvscwdagtllvfdsstgaftaaidgmetptgtflgdratep
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanitmlgtdpeghpdqawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdegisqsvavydvnnldagyevipvaewadpgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefivnvketgkilmvdyediknlevtsidaerflhdggldrsgryflvaanardtvavvdtkegelvkliktgikphlgrganfvhpqfgpvwatshlgddsisligtdpekypkqawrvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpkskhiyvdtplnpeselassvavfdidhldqpykvlpagewsgitegvrrvvqgefdkaggeiwfsvwnaknqesaivvvddktltpktvirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlrplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsnriavidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnenitfvgtdpvgnadhawkvvrevagmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdtsisqsiavfdvndleagftvlpigewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pwppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvgysnidnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrtlvaladvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdsawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvkeaghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealididkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagnevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>847,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkillvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklvdvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfglvwatghlgdetialigtdkekhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpprvlpiaewsgvkegprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanksdkvvvvdsrerklaaivdvdkiphpgrganfvhaeygpvwvtsalgnekitmiatdpmgnpdhawkvvkvlegqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvhpeysetgdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgdeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimqgdtleplrivstrgitvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrilmvnyedidnlkvtsipaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdsredklaalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwstsalgnekitligtdpeghpdnawkvvrvlegqgggslfvkthpesknlyvdtslnpdeaisqsvavfnvedldagyevlpigewsgvtegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivivddktrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root329  coded_by=complement(252323..253816),organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root329,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrrivlahllwviaaqagatnpaleqaeknyqqhcqschganrlggagpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmagyanvfsptqidalvdylqqppatpptwsnddilgshsmladlsklpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnvvvldardlslvktiptigqdgtasrvsavysapprdsfivalkdvkevwelswagtpnfeprripagdflddfsfspdykqllatsrkaqggqvidldsgkvitdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawsdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrflllsiwatdgalivydsntlqeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanksnkiavvdskdreltalidvdeiphpgrganfdhpkfgpvwgtsalgnekvtligtdprkhpknawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplhpdakisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanksnkiavvdskdreltalidvdeiphpgrganfdhpkfgpvwgtsalgnekvtligtdprkhpknawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplhpdakisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA05  coded_by=complement(150552..152033),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA05,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrligfalglllgslaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvrvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeantlepmkivstrgmtvdtqehhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdsafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpvssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsiavydvnnleggyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkegtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlqhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealinvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgsanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavlditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_chloritidismutans_AW-1  coded_by=155423..156946,organism=Pseudomonas chloritidismutans AW-1,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqpadsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlneaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrilkdvatlpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsiydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslikhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_xanthomarina  coded_by=complement(386665..388188),organism=Pseudomonas xanthomarina,definition=Nir N heme protein
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqpadsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlneaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrilkdvatlpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsiydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslikhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Candidatus_Kuenenia_stuttgartiensis  coded_by=1720542..1722407,organism=Candidatus Kuenenia stuttgartiensis,definition=strongly similar to cd1 nitrite reductase NirS
mklwlvivisvfsfvimgtgvvqkaeaelseegrqvakpnaeaqlsgeeykkanvvqkveaelseegrqvakpnaeaqlsgeeykkanvvqkaeaelseegrqvakpnaevqlsgeeykkanweyfnrcggchgmlrkgatgnaltpdrtkpmgterlkniifngtkggmpgwgagvniytmedaellakyiqmepevppefnmkdiratwkvyvpvekrptkpvhhrnwenffgvilrdagkiaiidgdtkevvsvldsgfavhtlrysksgrylytigrdakatlvdlwmdpiqtiaevktgldarsiesskykgrkgdfvdklavvgnywppsyvildgltleplkivstrsytydtqeyhveprvasivashfapewvlnvketglillvdysdiknlkvttieserflhdggwdkshryflvaanmrdklvvvdtktkkleaivetgikphpgrgtnfkdpeygwvyatphlgeaavalvctkprhdktenrwkvvrklkvagdgglfikthpkshhlwvdhtlskdvdaqrsvtvydirhldkepkvlkltdkgrivhmeynkggdelwisvwdregeiivfddetltekaritdprlvtptgkfnvyntrldiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlddgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisrsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimngdtleplkiastrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfnpefvvnvketgkillvnysdiknlnvisidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardmvavvdtkdrklvaliktgskphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdindldkdyevlpigewsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdprlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgsanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshptstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddksrelkavikgpeivtptgkfn
>Thermus_thermophilus_SG0.5JP17-16  coded_by=complement(253067..254677),organism=Thermus thermophilus SG0.5JP17-16,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mkriglwfvaallgafalaqasspltpeerarasqiyfdrcagchgvlrkgatgpaldpkkmaergveylkavifgglpggmpdwgrqgilseedtalmarflleepptppipsyeeirktwkvyvppekrpkrpehgrnwenffgqvlrdtgqvaiidgdkkelvtivptgfathilrssatgryflaigrdgkaslidlwmnppqvvaeskpcvdarsiesskfkgfedryavvgcywppamvildgetleplkmvstmsytkgagefvqearvaaivashfnpewivnlkesgqtwlvdysqlskpgrplpitmidterflhdggwalkryfivaanavnklividtktrefvaeveagvrphpgrgsnwthptygpvwatgnigspevtvvgvdpekhpqyawkvvkkiqlpytgnlfikthpnspwvivdfpmspspqaaaslcaidkrklevtkcwevpgarelkarmvhpefnkggteiwvsawgskdtptfivvydaltlkekaritgdwvrtptgkfnvyntahdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivsshqrpeflvnaketgkifmvdytdldnlaikqldaakylhdggfdstrryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalievgktphpgrganfkdpkygpvwatsglgdesisiigtdpkghkknawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpksnnlwvdttlnpdakvsqsvavfdirdlskkpqiidiaacadlkddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktrtcktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqelhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlqlkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlnplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedignlkittigaarflhdggwdstrryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsrtqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhptcgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpdkhpshawkvcevllgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdpkasqsiavfdignlksgfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngktqrsalvvvddktrklkavlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlnplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedignlkittigaarflhdggwdstrryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsrtqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhptcgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpdkhpshawkvcevllgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdpkasqsiavfdignlksgfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngktqrsalvvvddktrklkavlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqklvalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfgiddldagykvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlnnlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklagmvdvgktphpgrganfvdpqngpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhqgkawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
spqfaimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrittigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsiavfdidnleggykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnkdgdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnfkdaknlqvtiidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskkrtlealvdvakiphpgrganvvdpqygpvwvasclgddtiaaigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdvnisqsvavfdldnldkgyevinvaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvilddetrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpgkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvkdldagfvklsiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddksralkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelkavikdpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganiddpeygpvwitstlgnanvtflgtdpvghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavydinnldagfttlpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelnavikddalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnfedvenlsvtdigaarslhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkvavidsrdrelealvdvekiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpdnawkvvrildgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvnaplnpdvsvsqsiavfdinnldagfetlpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelknvikgpeiitptg
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvralkgmgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmiydeqtyhpeprvaaiisshykpefivnvketgmillvdysdiknlkvteieaerflhdggldstkryfltaanarnkvavidtkegsltamietegatphpgrganinhptygpvwatshlgddtvallgtdpeghpdhawkmvqqlyamgggslfvkthptsehlyvdaplnpdaevsgsvavfkiadlaqeepeftvlpivewagiadgqprvvqgeynqagneiwfsvwnaadlesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvistrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiqnlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegslaalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnlyvdtplnpdadvassiavfdldnldagyevlpigelsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqeeesaivviddktrkvksiikdprlvtptgkfn
>Polymorphum_gilvum_SL003B-26A1  coded_by=complement(605142..606899),organism=Polymorphum gilvum SL003B-26A1,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mkrqpnsvrsgllasaalaivlatgpalaqdkpaghgdtpaaayepsmttlgqikveipgrraddpvmtadefqrgaqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditrplgyehlhnfitygspagmpnwgtsgelseadidlmaryvlmeppappefgmpemkaswkvlvkpedrptskmndididnifsvtlrdsgqvalidgktydihaiidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakvnmidlwmetpgtvaeikigsearsvetskfegyedryaiagaywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvasilashynpefivnvketgkillvdysdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryflvaanarnkiavvdtkegkltalidtegqtphpgrganfthpvfgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghpdnawklldsfyalgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdatlnpdaetsasvavfkidemtadadpdyvtlpigewagiadgqprvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwnakdkesalvvvddktlelkkvikdprlitptgkfnvyntrgdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlsvttinaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkvvvidslerklvrlidvdsiphpgrganfehpdfgpvwvtsalgnekitmiatdpvghpevawtsvgvlsgqgggslfvkthpnstnlwvdtplnpvaeisqsvavfdinaleagyevlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvhleynesgdevwlsvwntqeqesaivviddatrelkhvikgenivtptgkfn
>Acidovorax_sp._JS42  coded_by=complement(1994412..1996040),organism=Acidovorax sp. JS42,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
mdtaaakrplrgsrwsgpsrylaalglfwlaglhaqttealqpnapalyqqhcavchgaqrtgimgpallpeslervrpaevlrviqqgrpatqmpgfseqlgdaeiralaawvrtpvvpaprwgeddirasrtftpvpddepakpkwnadpmnlflvveggdhhvslldgdrfevitrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvffgsrdgwitkydlwrlrvvaevraglnmrnvavsgdgrwvmaanylphtlalfdadlnlvqtyaaatldgkassrvsavydatprksfvvalkdipelweisydrnaapiydglvhdykmgeaiakpgylgvrrtplseplddfffdqsyrhvlgatrprsgaderasaqvvnldirrkvadlpiagmphlgsgitfawgdttvlaspnlgggavdvidmqtwktvrtiatpgpgffmrshedtpyawtdsmmsptakdtltiidkrtlqpvaqvrepgktlahieftrdgryalasvwemdgalvvydaatfkevkrlpmkkpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqldkiavvdsredkltalidvtkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepktivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksdkiavvdsklrkltamidvdkiphpgrganfehakygpvwatsalgndkitligtdpvghpeqawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpgekisqsiavfnvddldkgykvlpiaeladlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesalvviddktlklkkvikdgrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlcvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktreleavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvkeaghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidakktphpgrganiqdpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnmdhawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsvavfdvndveagfqtlpiaawadlgegpkrvvqpeynlagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgttvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdienltvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerklvtlvdvddiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtsalgnakitmigtdlvnhpdnawkavdvvngqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeaavsqsiavfdinnldagyevlpigewadlgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmeeesalvvvddktrtlkkvikgdrvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegntlepltivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskarkltamidvdkiphpgrganfvhkkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdptghpdqawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpaekisqtiavfdidnldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_necator_N-1  coded_by=2427688..2429352,organism=Cupriavidus necator N-1,definition=nitrite reductase NirS
mkaknwlypaiaalplslwlglphaatkaepkaeqkaaiptltaaefdharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditrargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgdlsdpevdlmaryiqldpptppeysladieksrkdilpvaqrptrkmnqynldnlfsvtlrdagevalidgdskqlinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarldlidlwlpkpdivaevkvgmearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvinaketgkilmvnysdlsnlktttidsakflhdggfdatgryflvaanasdkiavvdtkenklaalinvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwttshlgdetisligtdpvghpaqawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtrnleagykvlpiaewaelkgagarrvvqaeynkagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrtlktvikdkrlvtptgkfnayntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqvyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrelealvdvtkiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagyerlpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvagivashfkpefivniketgkilmvdysdiknlkvttieaerflhdggfdsskryfltaanarnrvavidtkesklvtiidtegqtphpgrganlmhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqslealgggslfvkshptsgnlyvdaplnpdaeisasiavfkvseldqeepeytvlpvgewagiaegqprvvqgefnqegteirfsvwnakdkesaivvvddrtlelkkvikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddntrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqimlvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynqygdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddariitptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkillvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklvdvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdkekhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpprvlpiaewsgvkegprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhpqhawkvarvlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrstlvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwlsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedianlrvttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsreqkltalvdvtkiphpgrganfdhptcgpvwatsalgnenitligtdpekhkahawkvceilkgqgggslflkthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdvrdltkgfvvlpiaewanlgpgakrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngktersaivvvddktrklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvsktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=complement(41070..42602),organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mirfivlisalllssglanadpagifndacadchganrlggtgpalipqtlkrmrgpnlekvimngraatqmpafadvyskdeiaalaayirqpleelpewgaeqiaetltlnrdylpatkpvfsadpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfevldrfetpfavhggpkfspdgryvfimsrdgwvqkydiwslqkvgrvraglnsrniaishdgkwlavanylpnlltilstddlsvasvrevkgkdgtpsrisavyqappresfvlalkdvpeiwevfygpnpphygfahdwriegpapqttpfpirkittpdylddfffdqsyeyvmgasrsgeggqvidlvigqkiadldlpgmphlgsgitwnhgettvmatphlkdgtvsvidmkswetvkrietlgpgffmrshenspyvwadvffgpnkdvmhvidkqsleivktlrpvegatvahveftrdgryalvsvwedegavivydaatleevkrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashekpefivniketgkilmvnysdldnlnvttinaarylhdggwdsskryfltaanksnkiavvdsktsklagmvdvgeiphpgrganfkdpkfgpvwatshlgddtisligtdpkghkdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpesrhlyvdtplnpdtknsqtvavfdlkdldkpytvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvqpefnkkgdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktlklkkvikdkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlkpmqivstrgmtvdtqehhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrertlvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnpeagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgadlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvdnlsvtdieaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvaivdsrdrtltalvdvekiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpgghpdnawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsgnlwadaplnpdesisqsiavfdindleagfevlpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynlagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgrillvdyqdidnlnvttpdaapflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeremvalvdcdkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvnhgvhawqpveilkgqgggslfikthpqsknlyvdtplnpdpklsqsvavfdltnleapykvlpiaewagiagegakrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivivddktltlkavikdprlitptgkfne
>Methylomonas_sp._16a  coded_by=413..1996,organism=Methylomonas sp. 16a,definition=NirS
mmktttkrrlnqsllasaiaallssgavlaksdsphdiymdncaschgadhggylapalnadtlkgrsptalrtivmagsfdtlmppfygklsddeirgvikhlqetpkqpnpawtiddmkkslkvyvkdestlpgkptfqidnidnligvaargkygrgegskaifinstnhqkvgevatgtaahiidfnpanprwayvktdtaeifkvdlysmqavrsiktgyngpgmgvsrdgkyimagsfvphnavildaetleplktfelegidpdgkhvssdsgmiigtpyadvfaialenagqvwivdynkegfpvtkiekvgrhlhdaflthggkklmvasyddsivaaidlekrelikqlpagcvphvgggaavvvdgrtlgfgtnfgdcdkmvvsvwdldkmevvkqvpvsggtespaahanapyvavdiiskdrrartiqlidkktlevaktldvgghayfpeysadgkflyvsagyngdevvvydsntlqkvatvpmespagifsrgrvkymtrglspdemeqgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkillvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklvdvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdkekhranawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpprvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkillvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklvdvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdkekhranawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpprvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqytimkgdtlepikivatrgmivgtqeyhpeprvasivgahdkpqfivnvketgkillvdyrdlknlktteieaarflhdggwdaskryfmvaanesnkiavvdskedklaalvdvgriphpgrganfvdpkngpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhpknawkvvrslkaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpkihqsvavfdiknldkpfevlpigewagvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdsrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganledpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdnawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynksgdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapfphdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlpvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfehpkfgpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkgnkkhawkvvevlkgmgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptg
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanlkmtvldsakflhdggfdstgryfmsaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvknkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplhpdakisqsvvvydinklddkpqvidiaacakigddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklrsvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvaailashyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanarnklvvidtkegkltaitdtggatphpgrganfthpdlgpvwatshlgdesialigtdpeghadnawkivqsfealgggslfikthpesnhlyvdaplnpdaetsssvavfkisdmkageapeytvlpigewagiadgqprvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnskdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdkrlit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>826,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsiygadpigrpdvawtvvrevtlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgaivvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepmkvvstrgntvdgdyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgmillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanashkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrgahfvhsnsgrsgspghlgdavvslistashdpkyakykdhnwkvvqqlkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaeavfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggkvdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivgshykpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidsakflhdggfdssgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgsedvtligtdpvkhpqyawkavsvfkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavydinnlakgpqvidvaacaklsddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktrsckavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkegkltalietgatphpgrganivhpvhgpvwvtshlgdetlaligtdpvgnadkawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksnhlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfkidqlgqeepeyqvlpigdwsgitegvrrvvqgeyniagdeiwfsvwngkeqesalvvvddktlklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1H2O  coded_by=complement(578394..580100),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1H2O,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgxavxisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Haloterrigena_thermotolerans_DSM_11522  coded_by=64158..65978,organism=Haloterrigena thermotolerans DSM 11522,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
msrsespaesvaeheerikrhlsasreiaetlefdddlsfemglpspgrrtfiktsgvvaasaalagcagdddddssddgesdgetpsaersetvqlaakqyefdpqeirvppnteltieftqstfeenedfamhtfyledpydvgpvelpestddevidsvtfvtdeegtfdfecsvycgdghaqmngqlyvvpegesvdevdftdmetlterheilkeeselaqepshdldlrdimvvternngsvamidtvndefmervenvgkaihvhdfhpdlpeqtregayvytqsrqgemykidlfdfervavadagtdardiavsrdgdyviggfynpnhlvicdaetmepikripthtvnpdgeslgsrvcslydvpeeglflaglkeggevwlidytqddfpvvatiecgrtlhdgfftedgryfmiasqtdnqmdiidtqershvaaipmdgvphpgpgalypdedlaftthagapsvgvwntetweteemidvrgsglfirkhensdyvwadviltdseddayvytidpetlevdqeidcsqwgaaaaihpefsrdgekvyisvwqgenesilvfdpntgelltqiegllaptgkflgvraegh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleprtivstrgmtadtseyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttiptarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkvvvidsklrtrtamidvdkiphpgrganfvhakygpvwstsalgndkitligtdpvghpdqawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpnskhlyvdtplnpgakisqsvavfdttnldkgykvlpiaewagdlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqksalviiddktlklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpaghasnawkvvrtlegpgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsiavydvnnleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrtlkkvikgpdlvtptgkfn
>Thermanaerothrix_daxensis  coded_by=complement(126251..128317),organism=Thermanaerothrix daxensis,definition=nitrite reductase
mkhhwmawillgisvlglaacagrsqptptstpalsatspvagsdvmelamegfkkgacgachvipgvpgaqgtlgpdlsqiaevaekrlesgeytgkaksvldylheaivepdafvapdcngvpcqkglmpanlgallspaeieavvqylyhppeevaeqttsvpeepsltgevpllseeefawakqvyfercagchgtlrkgatgpaltpdktqpkgtlalasiifngtprgmpdwgkqgfltqeqteimakflqmeppappemsleqmkqtwkvlvppeqrptqpqttrnwqnyfvvtlrdagqvavidgdtyevvakldtgyavhisrmsatgryvyvigrdgrlvmvdlwpevpqkvaevqtcydarsvevskykgelgdftdryaivgcywpphfvildgqtlepfkivstrgytidmeeyhpeprvaaivashfkpewivnikeigqiwlvdysdphnptikmieaarylhdggwdatkryflvaanqsnkvavvdaldgklvalvdtpavphpgrganwvdpqfgpvwstahlgdaaittigtdpvghpqyawkavreialpgsgslfikthptspwiwvdmtlnsdpklarticvvaksdptqpykcwevadygrathfeynrqgtevwvsvwgtadkpgqtgeiviyddrtlqekeripnlitptgkfnvyntvndiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpekhadqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksnhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdindleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfnegqfqht
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>823,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplarndlpmtsvtgetlpevrvaaivaphgqplwvmalkesgvvglvdysqpgfpivssiaaerflhdggwdhtgryfivaanashklvvidvdkreraavidtgsvphpgrganwvdpvygwvnatshlgegkvstygadpvgrpdvawrvvrevalpsagslfvkthpnspwvlfdmtlstthdrqvcayakatatidrcfdvarngkavhfesnqagtqvwisdwategslivldaltlqeiarleglqtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkiastrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgyvllvnysnidalsvttleaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanqsdkiavidskerkttalvpvsriphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgnenvsvigtdpakhpehawkvvremkgpgggslfvkthpksknlwvdttlnpdaklsqsiavydttnldagfvslpiaewadvgdgpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktrtlktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtidgeyhpeprvaaivashqkpeflinaketgkiwmvdytdlenlkttqinsakflhdggfdstrryfltaanasdkiavvdtktsklaalvpvgkiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsglgdesiaiigtdpeknkanawkvvqslkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlnkppqiidiaacakldddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrtckqvlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtidgeyhpeprvaaivashqkpeflinaketgkiwmvdytdlenlkttqinsakflhdggfdstrryfltaanasdkiavvdtktsklaalvpvgkiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsglgdesiaiigtdpeknkanawkvvqslkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlnkppqiidiaacakldddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrtckqvlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtidgeyhpeprvaaivashqkpeflinaketgkiwmvdytdlenlkttqinsakflhdggfdstrryfltaanasdkiavvdtktsklaalvpvgkiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsglgdesiaiigtdpeknkanawkvvqslkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlnkppqiidiaacakldddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrtckqvlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtidgeyhpeprvaaivashqkpeflinaketgkiwmvdytdlenlkttqinsakflhdggfdstrryfltaanasdkiavvdtktsklaalvpvgkiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsglgdesiaiigtdpeknkanawkvvqslkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlnkppqiidiaacakldddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrtckqvlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgntlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidvteiphpgrganfnhpkfgpvwvtsalgnenitligtdpnehkqhawkvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpsssnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgkdqksavvvvddktrtlkkvikgdnmitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgntlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidvteiphpgrganfnhpkfgpvwvtsalgnenitligtdpnehkqhawkvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpsssnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgkdqksavvvvddktrtlkkvikgdnmitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvkktghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaadqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpknawkvvrvlhgqgggtlfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvgdksrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgliklvnyedidnltettinaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklaalidvekiphpgrganltdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtviatdpkrhadhawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavfdvsnldggfevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>838,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvvydgltlepkavqsvlmpaidkeelkenrvaaivashheplwianlkesgfialidyskpdfpmveklatqrflhdggfdhtkrfimmaanmknemvvidtkekkfvtkfetgikphpgrganwedpkfgwvnatthigepkftvygadpakkaehawkvvrelkvggpgslfvkthpkspwvwmdsplankeeetrqicvyskkegkiekcwtpmdrgrsvhfeynkdgtevwlsgwdkkgviiiyndkdlkeikrieedwvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfigptygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpqskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdisnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfigptygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpqskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdisnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpnsgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpnsgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpnsgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdshdrelealvdvektphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpqsnpdhawdavrilqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpigkwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelksvikgpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyivydgltleplsvtsvegstfdtdepldevrvasiiashfdpvwvlalkesghvgivdyskdgfpmvsriaaerflhdggwdhtgryflvaanmrnkmvvvdvqrqelvttfetgirphpgrganwqdpeygwvnatthlgqglftvygadpeghpqhawqvvrevpidgtgslfikthpnspwvwmdmalnndpdgarticvyskqegaihrcwqaaergrvvhfeynregtevwvsvwdaegeiiiyddatlrekeritgdwlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ycppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpaghasnawkvvrtlegpgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpenhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdtalnpepriaqsvavfnindldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpenhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdtalnpepriaqsvavfnindldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgqtlepkkivgtrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgkimlvnyedldnlsitnidaarflhdggwdasmryfmtaannsdqiavvdsqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdptiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtldgqgggslfikthpessnlwvdtalnpaeaisqsvavfdindleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynvkgdevwfsvwntqdkksalvvvddktgelkkvitderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngetleplkiastrgmiyddqtyhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdiqnlkvteieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltslietggqtphpgrganfvhptfglvwatshlgdesvtligtdpeghadsawtvvqtlysmgggslfvkthpgsghlyvdaplnpdaeisgsiavfniaemtadepeytvlpivewagiaegqprmvqgefnqegteiwfsvwngadkesaivvvddatlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldaglvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkipypgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagydvlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgeymvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheypefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqctimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpelrvaaivasheypefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvrngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavvkgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygavwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_chloritidismutans  coded_by=<1..>1041,organism=Pseudomonas chloritidismutans,definition=nitrite reductase
avhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimrgdtleplkivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefivnvketgktlmvdfsnlddlklteigsarflhdggwdstkryfmvaannsnkvgvidakagklaalidvgniphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwstghlgdesvsligtdpvkhkaqafkvvqtlkgqgggslflkshpksthlyvdtplnpdaklsqsvavydikaldkgfkvlpiaewagitadggamrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktlklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssfikpewvvniketgqiqlvdysdienlktttissakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddkknaqfkennwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvavwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstlkpikivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidsrnrrlvalpevtqvphpgrganiedpkfgpvwitsalgnanitfigtdperhrdhawravrvlqgqgggslfvkshpnsrnlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdvndldagyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddetrtlehvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM67  coded_by=complement(7417..9099),organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM67,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mlisnrktfaltvatlcstlafavshaaranepaasppmvktagapdmsraefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpflealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkeqitamakfvqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlskldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfdhptygpvwatshlgdegisligtdpvkhaqyawkqvasikgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>687,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkwkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdttnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddrtlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimagdtlkplkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivtvketghilmvnyediknltvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkknklvalfesggikphpgrganivhpefgpvwvtshlgdevvsligtdpeghpdqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnstnlwvdtplnpepeiassvavfdvtnldagyevipvgewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnskdqesaivviddktrtlkkvirderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqftimngatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwditkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdsrdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfmdpqngpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdsplnpdakisqsvavfdttnldapykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvviddrtlqlkaviddprivaptgkfn
>Pseudovibrio_sp._FO-BEG1  coded_by=complement(933233..934747),organism=Pseudovibrio sp. FO-BEG1,definition=Nitrite reductase protein (NO-forming)
mirllvslgsavltasacladpaalyqthcvechgenrlgligpallpetlgslrgtalqdtirsgreatempsfrdvlndqqidelsaylktpldpapvwgmeqisasliknddyelvkkplwsadplnvtlvvetsdhsvsvldgdsfevltrfktpfgtrgqpkfspdghyvyimsrdgwiqkfdlyalqevsrvraglnsrnimlshdgkwiavanylpntfailsaddlspqkvehvkgkdgspsrvsavylatkrksfvlalkdapsiwevfyglnpphygfahdwrvegpapnkdpfplrtitvkslvedfyldptdeyvmgasptgkggqvvdlvighkiadldltgmphlgsgstwkmgertvmatphlreplvsivdmktwetltqiemlgsgfftrthenspylwvdvffgphkdaiqiidkqtleivktlrpqkgaraahveftqdgkhalvsiweedgavviydaktleeidrlpmkkprgkynvgnriek
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpeflvnvketgktlvadysdiknlkqieigsarflhdggfdstkryflvaanasnkvavidtkedklvaiveagqtphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetivligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdsplnpeasiassvavfdignldkepvildigamsgipegvrrvvqgeynkqgdevwfsvwntksqesaivviddktlklkdvikgkdiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpslepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgrillvdysnidalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsqeqkmvglidvdkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatsalgnekitliatdpanhaehawkvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdvnhldkgfevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktrklkaviddprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdaltvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkivalvdatkiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpenhkdnawkavrtikaqgggslfvkshpkssnlwidntlhpqtavsqsiavydvnnieagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynvrgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdaltvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkivalvdatkiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpenhkdnawkavrtikaqgggslfvkshpkssnlwidntlhpqtavsqsiavydvnnieagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynvrgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdaltvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkivalvdatkiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpenhkdnawkavrtikaqgggslfvkshpkssnlwidntlhpqtavsqsiavydvnnieagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynvrgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprgaaivashehpefiinvketgrillvdysdlaslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavlddprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpetgfsqsiavfdvndidagfetlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpetgfsqsiavfdvndidagfetlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkvvatrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivsshhapefvvnvketgqillvnykdiknlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdrtgryflvaanardrvaivdtkegklvsvvdtkgktphpgrganfnhprfgpvwatshlgdeivsligtdpvknkprmpgsgadlrrpgrrlglhqdasevgaslcryaaqprrgdfllgrrlqdqgpgqgepeykvlpigewsgisegqrrvvqgeynregdeiwfsvwntkaqesaivvvddktlklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdinnldagfvtlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkqrvdvpmvdingdtlvenrvasivashndpvwvialkesgyvgivgysdeaaalgfpldstiatakflhdggfdhtgnyflvaanasnkmvvvdlqtqelaatidtgdvphpgrgvnwfdpvygwvnatahigegkvtvygadptgrsdvawqvvreialpsagslfikshpnspwvlvdmtlsatgyeqdicaiskatgalgqcfpvaangravhlefnkdgsevwvsdwapdgavvvldgatlteigrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvdhpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienmrvttigaarylhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdareqrleklihvdriphpgrganitdpehgpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnrpekawsvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesrnlwvdtplnpdtrisqsvavfdiddlgagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqesavvvvddktrqlkavikdpalitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_libanensis  coded_by=complement(169565..171244),organism=Pseudomonas libanensis,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfalavatlylaisqvagadepataaatppmvktagapdlsqdefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkeqitamakfiqhtpptppewgmaetrktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlstlnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpaeptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedtytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltityidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidsrerkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfehpvygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpvkhpqyawkqvaslkgqgsgslfikthpssrhlyvdttfnpdaklsqsvavfnldkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklkavikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Halomonas_cerina  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas cerina,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgqtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkvqlvnyedldalstveidtsrflhdggwdstgryfltaanesnqivvidaqeraleaivdvgkiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatshlgdatvqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtlqgqgggslfikthpesenlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewaevgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvvvddktrelkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstcgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashykptfivnvketgkilvveykdiknievteiaaarflhdggfdsskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkeeklvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpekhpkqawkvvqklagqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassiavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntveglyhpeprvasivasehkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkevtvnsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktaklaalvdtakiphpgrganfnhpthgrvwatshlgadvisiigtdpegnkdkawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksenlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvykiselggdakpevldlaaaanlgktkgiqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnkteasaivvvddktrkvktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntveglyhpeprvasivasehkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkevtvnsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktaklaalvdtakiphpgrganfnhpthgrvwatshlgadvisiigtdpegnkdkawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksenlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvykiselggdakpevldlaaaanlgktkgiqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnkteasaivvvddktrkvktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdvnnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskerelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpekhkknawkvveilhgmgggslfikthpksknlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvitdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdvnnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskerelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpekhkknawkvveilhgmgggslfikthpksknlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvitdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyeglpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmegetlkplkivstrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivssqikpewvinvketgmiqlvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdatkryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegrlaalvdtaakphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpqqawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpksknlwadaplhpdneiaesvtvydindldkgpevinvakmaglpegkavkrvvqgeynskgdeiwfsiwagktepsaivviddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnysdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpvkhkddawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinkldkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddktrklktvikdkklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvydgltleplarndlpmtsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdpvwamglkesgyvgivdyslpgfpmtsaiaterflhdggwdhtgryfliaanasnkmvavdmetqtlaasfttggtphpgrganwydpvygwvnatphigegkvstygadpagrpdvawqvvreislpsagslfikthpnspwllidmtlsttdarqvcaynkttatldqcfpvatsgvathfefnqagteiwvsdwandgavvvldavtldqvrridglvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidspsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrslkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleprkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkilmvnyedlnnlkvttidaarylhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdsknnklaalidvgniphpgrganfkdskygpvwstshlgdetisvigtdpdknkanawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtplnpdtaksqsvavfdlknidkpyqvlpiaewaglddgpkrvvqpefndkgdevwfsvwsgakqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudogulbenkiania_sp._NH8B  coded_by=1467649..1469328,organism=Pseudogulbenkiania sp. NH8B,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming) NirS
maalplavtaafaappgasapelayqaggsplagqemhqninpkappmtkaefaqarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditlergteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgelsdvqvdlmaryvqqepptppeysladiektrkvlipvdkrptkkmnkynldnlfsvtlrdsgeialidgdskqiisiiktgyavhisrvsasgrylyvigrdakinlidlwmehpetvaeikvglearsvetskfkgwedkiavagtywppqyvimdgdtlkpqkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivsshykpefvinaketgkimmvnysdlnnlktttinaakflhdggfdrtgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaglvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigsdpvkhkqyawkmvasiqgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpdssvsqsvavydidhldkgfvrlpvgewaglgdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktrklkavikdprlvtptgkfnvfntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvimdgatleplkivptrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlttttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklvakvpvdeiphpdrganfihpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakheqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldagykvlpigewaglgkgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivstrgmtvgtneyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnaketgkimmvnyedlknlqtitidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasniiavvdtkedklaalidvgktphpgrganftdpkygpvwstghlgdetisligtdpekhknsawkvvralkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdpkvsqsvavwdiknldkpyevipigewsglgegakrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdtdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvntplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyealpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltnvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpegnpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgqtlepktvtgvltptydtneplqevrvasivashfdpiwvislkesghvalvdyskpdfpmtskiaaerflhdggfdktqryflvaanmrdqvavvdlkeqklvtkfktgtkphpgrganwkdpkfgwvngtvhigegkltvygadpkktpkhawkvvrevkvpgtgslflkthdkspwvwldtplsneeaqtrqicvyskakgdiekcwqaadrgrlvhfeynkagtevwasvwdkkgelivfddktltektvskvigwvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplkivgtrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvaaivsshyrpefvvnvketgkvlmvdytdlknlkiteieaaqflhdggfdasgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkenklvrlietgptphpgrganfidkefgpvwatshlgdetisvigtdpekhpqhawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpnsshlyvdtplnpdeetsqsvavfdigslgteykvlpigkwsgiengarrvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwnaknqpsalivvddktlklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgptlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshkhpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlkittldaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsqeqrmvglidvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpeghpdqawkvvevlhgqgggslfikthpksanlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfnindldagytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngedqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddarlitptgkfn
>Acidovorax_sp._Root275  coded_by=complement(711122..712843),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root275,definition=nitrite reductase
mkaiktvqhlalaalamaaatamaqagkgvsqpemnyqaggsplvnepmhqstnpkappmtaaefekarqtyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdlttakgtdylkvfisygspagmpnwltsgemnekevdlmaryiqhepptppefgmadmkktwrvivepkdrpkkklnnynienifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkqiinivktgyavhisrtsasgrylfvigrdgkinmidlwmekpdnvaevrvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqftimdgdtlepkkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgktlmvdysnidalkvteigsapflhdggwdsskryfmvaannsnkiaaidakegklaaitdvgkiphpgrganllhpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkkhkqyafkevakltgpgggalfikshpksthlysdaplnpdpkisqsivvydiknldkgfvtlpiaewadlkdngakrvvqpefnkagnevwfavwsaknkesalvivddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketgkvlmvnykdidnlavteigaarflhdggwdsskryflvaanqsnkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgytlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketgkillvnysdldnfqvstisaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarntvavvdtkerklvkliktgtkphpgrganfvhptygpvwatshlgdeiialigtdpvkhpknawkmvqslegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaevsssvavfkiadkakkepaykvlpigqwsgitegvrrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwnsksqqsaivivddktltkkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepvkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpelrvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepvkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpelrvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Alicycliphilus_denitrificans_BC  coded_by=complement(2203282..2204877),organism=Alicycliphilus denitrificans BC,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mpdlpcpalraaailalalagplhtaaraqapdapalyqqhcaschgaqrtglmgpallpeslertrpaevlrviregrqatqmagyagqlsgaeiqaladwvrtpvvpaprwgeadirasriatplpadepvkpkwdadpmnlfvvveggdhhvslldgdrftvitrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvffgsrdgwitkydlwrlqvvaevraglnmrnvavssdgrwvmaanylphslalfdadlnlvktyeaatldgkassrvsavydaaprnsfvvalkdipelweisydkqaapiydglvhdykmgeaiakpgylgvrrtplseplddfffdqgyrhvlgatrpqagkseaasaqvvnldvrrkiadlpiagmphlgsgitfawrgttvlaspnlggtgvdvidmrswknlrtiptpgagffmrshentpyawtdsmmskdakdrltiidkrtlepvaevrepgktlahieftrdgryalasvwemdgalivydaatfrevkrlpmakpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>Alicycliphilus_sp._B1  coded_by=1032601..1034196,organism=Alicycliphilus sp. B1,definition=hydroxylamine reductase
mpdlpcpalraaailalalagplhtaaraqapdapalyqqhcaschgaqrtglmgpallpeslertrpaevlrviregrqatqmagyagqlsgaeiqaladwvrtpvvpaprwgeadirasriatplpadepvkpkwdadpmnlfvvveggdhhvslldgdrftvitrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvffgsrdgwitkydlwrlqvvaevraglnmrnvavssdgrwvmaanylphslalfdadlnlvktyeaatldgkassrvsavydaaprnsfvvalkdipelweisydkqaapiydglvhdykmgeaiakpgylgvrrtplseplddfffdqgyrhvlgatrpqagkseaasaqvvnldvrrkiadlpiagmphlgsgitfawrgttvlaspnlggtgvdvidmrswknlrtiptpgagffmrshentpyawtdsmmskdakdrltiidkrtlepvaevrepgktlahieftrdgryalasvwemdgalivydaatfrevkrlpmakpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvkeaghillvdysnienltvtdigaakflhdggwgrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflrtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvkeaghillvdysnienltvtdigaakflhdggwgrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflrtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_CCUG_29243  coded_by=complement(831851..833374),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri CCUG 29243,definition=c-type cytochrome
mqliptlllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaapqpadsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlneaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrilkdvatlpttpqhganplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhiptvgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpaisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrate reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsnkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghaehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpasknlwvdspldpeeaisqsvavfdidnldagymvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_NCIMB_11764  coded_by=4745956..4747647,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 11764,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrkmfaltlatlcsslalavshaasaeepaaaaanspmvktagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqnrgqpylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtyidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgddgisligtdptkhpqyawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdtklsqsvavfnldkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivaseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggfdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdlktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpseeakyakykafnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthptskhlwadsaqnsdkelaesvsvwnlsdlsrpvktinvfkdsglpatkatrravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrglealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasdkiavidskdqklsalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddtisligtdpknhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslfikthpkskslwvdttlnpdaaisqsvaiydignldkapqainiadladlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnganqqsaivvmddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrsmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivtvketghillvdfsdiknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkiaivdtkegtlvdviesegttphpgrganimhptygpvwvtshlgddvvsfigtdpenhpehawkvvqttygqgggslfvkshpksghlyvdtplnpeaeisssiavfkiadltqeepdytvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnqagdeiwfsvwngkeqesaivivndadltlkqvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsredkltalidvtkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsreqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdidnldatytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiitshehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflydggwdsshryfmtaannsdkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdagisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._KG01  coded_by=32671..34125,organism=Pseudomonas sp. KG01,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mkrlllvpllwagaahstpaedyhlhceschglnrigatgpallpeslgrikpeevrkvieqgrpasqmaafapqlsaaqidglasflqqppaspatwderdirnshrlladvnqlpttpqhhadplnlfvvvesgdhhidildgntfavldrfpthfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwisqydlhnlkliaetrvglntrnlavskdgrwvlagnylpgnlvllnardlslvktldtasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvnevwelsyaaaqpsfeprriqaqdvlddfsfspdyrqlvatsrkagggqvidldtgqvvtdiplsgmphlgsgtywqrngqwvfatpniskgqisvidlktwklikqiptlgpgffmrshvnsryvwsdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwatdgalivydsqtlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkvefaegtsh
>Thalassospira_permensis_NBRC_106175  coded_by=complement(473496..475055),organism=Thalassospira permensis NBRC 106175,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mvsglisttnafgqtalssaqiadanalyathcaachngdrlggmgpallpesleklrgngisdvirdgrvatqmpafgetlakteitlladwlrqpmdrspewgmseilqshnvfadpvelpdkpkfksdplnlftiveagdhhvtildgdtfepldrfptrfalhggakyspdgrfvylasrdgwvqmydlyslqtvaeirvglntrnvavsddgryvmagnmlphnlvlldardltpirefavigddgkssrvsavytapprhsfivalkdlpevweisyaddprpvypgfvhnyeanmvealdvqngpfpvrrihlddglddfffdqdyrhligaarngrdgqvinlnvgrkvadialegmphlgsgitfnyqghsvlatphlkdskisvidmeswqtiktietkgpgfftrshdntpyawvdvffgpdkdvvhiidkrtleivktlrpepgkvaahvefdrsgkhallsiwdddgaiivydaqtfeeikripmkkpvgkynvfnkitysagtsh
>Thalassospira_xiamenensis_M-5_=_DSM_17429  coded_by=3537636..3539195,organism=Thalassospira xiamenensis M-5 = DSM 17429,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mvsglisttnafgqtalssaqiadanalyathcaachngdrlggmgpallpesleklrgngisdvirdgrvatqmpafgetlakteitlladwlrqpmdrspewgmseilqshnvfadpvelpdkpkfksdplnlftiveagdhhvtildgdtfepldrfptrfalhggakyspdgrfvylasrdgwvqmydlyslqtvaeirvglntrnvavsddgryvmagnmlphnlvlldardltpirefavigddgkssrvsavytapprhsfivalkdlpevweisyaddprpvypgfvhnyeanmvealdvqngpfpvrrihlddglddfffdqdyrhligaarngrdgqvinlnvgrkvadialegmphlgsgitfnyqghsvlatphlkdskisvidmeswqtiktietkgpgfftrshdntpyawvdvffgpdkdvvhiidkrtleivktlrpepgkvaahvefdrsgkhallsiwdddgaiivydaqtfeeikripmkkpvgkynvfnkitysagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwsmsdlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlnvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdeawfsvwsgneeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgttvdgayhpeprvasivssttkpeflisvketgmvkmvdysdltnlrettintakflhdggydsskryflvaanasnkiavvdikegkfealvdtakiphpgrgahinhskygpvwatshlgadvitligtdpktrpghawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksdnlwadsplnpdpklagsvtvykvselgntdakpevidvagaanlgktkglqrvvqgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnkteasaivvvddktrkvktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>marine_sediment_metagenome  coded_by=complement(15190..16944),organism=marine sediment metagenome,definition=hypothetical protein
mktiremrslkllasialplalaatgvaaqekpkghgdspaakyvysatsigeigveipglkpddpvitqeefntaatiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditrkngyeylrdfmtygspagmpnwgtsgqlseeqidmlaryllieppappefgmpemlktwkvlvapedrptekmndididnlfsvtlrdsgqialidgatyeihtvidtgyavhisrisasgrylyvigrdakvnmidmwmetpatvaeikigaearsvetskmegwedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgdtlepkkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlkvteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanargkvavidtkegeltalletggqtphpgrganlnhpvygpvwvtshlgdetialigtdpeghpdnawklvqqleglgggslfvkshptsnhlyvdaplnpdaevtasvavfnvdelgkeepeytvlpivewagiaegqprvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwnakdlesaivvvddktlelkhvikdprlitptgkfnvfntrqdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganledpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpssnnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvsdldagfvklpiaawadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatfephkimstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgnillvnysdidnlqvttidaarylhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklvalvdvdkiphpgrganfihpeygpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpeghpdnawkvvqvvsgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdtplnpeepisqsiavfdtndldagfevlpigewadlgpgakrvvqpeysqdgtevwfsvwsgleeesaivvvddktrtlkkviktdriitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnrvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvgeqeyhpeprvaaivasheapefivniketgkiqlvnyedleavsiveidaarflhdggwdssmryfmtaanesnkivvvdskdreleaiidvgkiphpgrganfedpefgpvwatshlgdntisligtdpeghadqawkvvrtldgqgggslfvkthpessnlyvdtalnpgedisqsvavydindldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngmeqesalvvvddktrelkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepnkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivasyykpefvvnvketgrillvnyqdiknlkvtsiaserfphdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavvdtkegkltalidsegikphpgrganfvhpehgpvwstshlgdetisligtdpeghpdkawkvvetlegqgggslfikthpasqnlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdlndlsadyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwnsqeeesaivvvddktrklkkvirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfivniketgkillvnyedvdnlqvttipaarflhdggwdrnkryfltaanksdkiavvdsrerrlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghksdawkavrvmqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfntddpdagfevvpiaawadvgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkneesaivivddktrklkhvikspslitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplsrvdlpmtdingatllenrvavivsshseptwnialkesgyvgivdyaqagfplvstiatqkflhdggfdstkryflvaanasnkmvvvdtatrslaatidtgttphpgrganwldpvygmvngtthigegklsvygadpvnhpeyawkvvreialpssgslflkthpnspwvlvdmtlssdgtsskqicayskanavldrcwtvatnglathfefnqdgsqvwvsdwatdgaviildgvtlvevarltglqtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplsrvdlpmtdingatllenrvavivsshseptwnialkesgyvgivdyaqagfplvstiatqkflhdggfdstkryflvaanasnkmvvvdtatrslaatidtgttphpgrganwldpvygmvngtthigegklsvygadpvnhpeyawkvvreialpssgslflkthpnspwvlvdmtlssdgtsskqicayskanavldrcwtvatnglathfefnqdgsqvwvsdwatdgaviildgvtlvevarltglqtptgkfneg
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtelrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyeglpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvlmkgdsleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvklidvgkiphpgrganfkdpkhgrvwatghlgdetiavigtdpsnkksawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpksnnlyvdtplnpdpklsqsvavfdiknldkpfkvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimrgdtleplkiqstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivavhekpefivnvketgkvlvvdysdidnlktteigaarflhdggwdaskryfmvaanqsnkiaaidsktnklaslievgniphpgrganfvhpthgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhpksawkvvqslkaqgggnlfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdlknldkpfevlpigdwagvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdpswitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdnqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrnlaalvdvekiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpqhawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnsrnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsiavfdidnidagfvqlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfiinvketgkvllvdysdvnnlqvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskerkltalvgaqkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwvtsalgsaditfigtdpvkhkdkawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnpdkgfevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeydkqgdevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivivddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimegdtlepkkivstrdttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiasrqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlsvtaiaaarflhdggwdlskryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpdrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndkitmlgtdpdghpdqawkvvkvmsgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpetpisqsvavfsindldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikgeriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqfvimdgatlepfkivstrgmtvttqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdienlgittidareflhdggwdstlryfltaanksntvvvvdskerklaakvpvdeiphpgrganfehkeygpvwvtsalgndkvtligtdpekhaqyawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdsplnpeakisqsvavfdidnldagykvlpiaewaklgpgpkrvvhpeynstgdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrklkkvikgpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivashykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdiknlkvttieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarnkvavidtktsklialldtegatprpgrganlmhptygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqslealgggslfvkshptsgylyvdaplnpdaetsasiavfkvadmaseepeytvlpigewagiadgqprvvqgefnqagteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddrtlelkevikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>851,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgkilmvnytdinnlttteigsarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdakadkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkngpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhpkgawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpnaeisqsvavfdianldkpyqvvkiagmaglgegpkrvvqpeynnkgdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdkrli
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvnvketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkesklvavvdsqgdkphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkdhawkvvqtvkgqgggslfvkshpksanlyvdttlnpeaspsssvavfsiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigatrylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwadtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkiistrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgwvllvdysdlnaitetkleaarflhdggwdvthryfltaanqsnkivvidskereteavidvtkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnenvtmigtdpekhkenawkvvrelkgpgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdanlsrsvavydinnleagfvslpiaewaevgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqtsaivvvddktrklkkvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkiistrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgwvllvdysdlnaitetkleaarflhdggwdvthryfltaanqsnkivvidskereteavidvtkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnenvtmigtdpekhkenawkvvrelkgpgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdanlsrsvavydinnleagfvslpiaewaevgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqtsaivvvddktrklkkvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdstkryfmvaanqrntiavvdskddklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrgadfddpkfgpvwatshlgdetvvligtdpekykanawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdsplnpdaavsqsvavfdianldkpfevvkiadlaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>863,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdrkltamvdvekiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpkghpdhawkavgvlrgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaaisrsvavfdiknldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeyneasdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddntrklkkvikgaevvtptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndptygpiwvtsalgnanvtalgtdpeghpdnawkvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdeaisqsvavydvndldagytvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyiitegdtlkplkvvstrgitvdgsyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvniketgqiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanashkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgadvvtligtpsdkaehakykanawkvveelkmpgagnlfvkthpksaslwadapqnperdvaesvyvysmkdlskppkqlnvakdaglpemkavrravhpeynqtgdevwisvwagktdpsaivvyddktlnvknvikdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwadsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketgrillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganledpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvsdldagfvklpiaawadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqytimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivtvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtgpvkhkdnawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqqsaivviddktrklkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgkynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkillveykdiknlevteigaarflhdggldaskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklvslietgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpekhpqqawkvaqrlqgqgggslfikshpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdinnldkppeilpigewsgigegvrrvvqgeynkqgdevwfsvwnamdqqsaivivddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhskyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdignmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvrsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnlhkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgqfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsnkiavidskdrelealtdvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnekitflgtdpegrpdqawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkshpnsknlwvdtplnpdtaisqsvavfntedldagyvtlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgptivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytimngntleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdaskryfmvaanqrntiavvdakdnklvklvtegvgkiphpgrganfvdpkhgpvwatshlgddtvaligtdpakhpknawkvvrtlkaqgggslfikthpksgnlwvdsplnpsaeisqsvavfdiknldkpyevlkiaemanlgegskrvvqpeynnrgdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvvkdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvvfdgqtleplhvssvltptydtneeldevrvaaivashfdplwvvglkesghvglvdysepgfpivkipterflhdggwdhsqryfmvaanmrnqmvvvdvqnkemvtkfetgikphpgrganwqdpdygwvnatthlgegklavygadpearpesawqvvrevelpasgslflkthpnskwvwmdfplaaeedltrqicvyskaegavhkcwnptdhgrtvhfeynkagdeiwvsgwdaagelivyddatleeaarikedwlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitdgetlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtksgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpkeawkvvaelknhgggslfvkthpksknlwadaplnperevaesvtvydinnldkapeviniaklaglpeskaikravhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitdgetlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtksgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpkeawkvvaelknhgggslfvkthpksknlwadaplnperevaesvtvydinnldkapeviniaklaglpeskaikravhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_metallidurans_CH34  coded_by=complement(3595981..3597540),organism=Cupriavidus metallidurans CH34,definition=Cytochrome c, class I:Cytochrome d1, heme region precursor
mfgrtmlfvtltgvssaisamtaeeikradalyqancavchsasrggyvgpalhkdrlvqseaalrgtimtgipdtlmppfhsrlpdadihllaeyihsqpvskpewsmkqaqdslevlidektlpskptykidsvydlmvvmargrygrgmgsdnaktvfldgktnqvvgeiatpiaphimdfspvnerwawlksddgyvykidlyslkvvrkiktgltgpgiavsndgkwlaassfvpnlvmilkadtlepvkhlrlegtdpdgkfiqsaggpvigsrinnkfaltlrqagqiwivdpdregmpvtklekvgrklhdtfltpdgrysmvasyddnkivaidlkedkvvrdipagcqphvgsgavtpiggrmlafgtnigkcdkgdvvtvwdtkdfsvvknirvagptespaahpdapyvavdivskdkrasqiqlidkqklevvrtleagghaffpeytrdgkylyvsagyygdririydsktlelvaehkmespagifsrartqwitvglpptrkn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvildgdtlepmkvvgtrgytydtneykdetrvasivsshnapewvlnlketgvvllvdyskmeddvvietkinaerflhdggwdstkryflvaanardtisvidtvdrklvaniitgtkphpgrganwvdpefgnvwatvhlgeglvsiistdpkkdyawtvvrewelggsslfikthpestnvycdntinqeksnvltvfdinkpeaapkeivfkkkvvhmeynkagdevwislwdpegevvilddktlkekarikgldsptgkfn
>Thauera_linaloolentis  coded_by=<1..>859,organism=Thauera linaloolentis,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysivdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgvyhpeprvasfvanpakpewvvnvketgmillvdysdlenlktttinsakflhdggwdasgryflvaanasnkvaavdtakiphpgrganfvhpqygpvwstghlgddvvslistpsedakfskykannwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnpereiaesvyvfdmndltkdpvqlnvakdsglpeskairravqpeynkagdevwislwggkadqsaiviyddktlkvkqvitdpevitptgkfnv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvdysdvdtlsvrdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaltevtktphpgrganledpvygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpaghadnawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqaiavfdvndleagfdvlpiaawadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_Q8r1-96  coded_by=complement(1166885..1168564),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens Q8r1-96,definition=cd1 nitrite reductase
mlishkkswalrvtalctalaaphafadqtaapeqprvvktegapdlsqadfdtakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetrktwkllvkpedrptkqistlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvnhpqyawkqvstlqgqgggslfikthpasrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfdidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>799,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
dgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgmttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdstkryfmvaanqrntiavvdskedklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganfndpkfgpvwatshlgdetivligtdpekykanawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdsplnpdaavsqsvavfdinhldkpfevlkiaemaklgegpkrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdarlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmvyddqtyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltalleggqtphpgrganlihpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdsawkvvqtlyglgggslfvkshpksnhlyvdaplnpdaevsgaiavfnvddlepeykvlpivewadvgegqprvvqgefdqageeiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsalgnervtlvgtdpakhpdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdignleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivndktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=134640..136346,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpvhvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndtsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealidapkiphpgrganikdpdygpvwltsslgnenmtfigtdpkghkkhawkvvrtlksqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdnplhpvakisqsvavydindleagfevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqvsaivvvddktrelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>854,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfiktypkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdsleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdyqdvdnlrvttlnaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerkmaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgnekvtllgtdpaghpenawkvvqvlagqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdtsksqsiavfdidhldqpskvlpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivivddktlqmkkvikdarlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefvvnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleprrvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyediqnlkvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsreqklaalvdvekiphpgrganfidpefgpvwvtsalgnehitllgtdpdhhaehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdirnlkggfkilpiadwadvgagpkrvvhpefnqygdevwfsvwngkdqtsalvvvddktlklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashghpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-92  coded_by=36290..38029,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-92,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mtthrklgsagilfaavlplalsnafaqedakkpisqveqsyqagdsspvgkadmhqninpkappmtkeefekakniyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkplttdktlasgteylkvfiqygspggmpnwgtsgelseaevdmmaryvqqeppvppewgmkemmaslkvnvppeqrptkkmnkldldnlfsvtlrdagkialidgktkkivkilptgyavhisrmsksgrylyvigrdarinlidlwmpeptnvaeikvglearsvetskykgyedryaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlnplkivstrgstvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshynpefivnaketgkimavnysdlknlkitiidaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsdlgdefisligtdpvkhkaqawkvvqtltgqgsgslflkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeakisqsvavfdiknldkgfeilpigewadlgddgakrivqpeynvagdevwfsvwsakdkqsalvvvddktrklkavikdpelitptgkfnvfntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA1R  coded_by=complement(4484653..4486134),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA1R,definition=Nitrite reductase associated c-type cytochorome NirN
mrliglalglllgspaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwilvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C1913C  coded_by=complement(1856727..1858208),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C1913C,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgspaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwilvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA1  coded_by=complement(565868..567349),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA1,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgspaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwilvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(565868..567349),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgspaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwilvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgytvdtkeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdstkryflvaanqrntiamvdakedklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganindpkygpvwatshlgdesivligtdpvkhpqnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdannsqsvavfdlnnldkpyqvvkiaemaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltamvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewadikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkpvikdkrltptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>818,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwafglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
rapqyvimngdtlepmrivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqrpefivnvketgkillvnfadisnlkvttinaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksdkiaivdskdgkleamvdaakiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsclgdehiavigtdpvknkkhawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtplnpdtkvsqsvavfdtrnldkgfkvlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkkeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashfkptfivnvketgkilvveykdiknlevteiaaarflhdggfdasrryflvaanasdkvavvdtkeeklvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesitligtdpekhpkqawkvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgigegvrrvvqgeynkqgdeiwfsvwnakdqplaivvvddktrklkhvikdqrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkqkvdlpmtdingdplienrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagfvsivpyadpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdstgdyflvaanasnlmvvvdlvnqeldaliptglvphpgrgvnwedpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgrpdvawqivreitlpssgslfikshpnslwvlvdmtlsatgyekdicviskntgtldrcftaatngkavhfefnmdgtevmlsdwdpdgavivldsqtlteirrtsglptptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_SG17M  coded_by=complement(1797091..1798572),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa SG17M,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MH38  coded_by=complement(20779..22260),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MH38,definition=cytochrome C
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA037  coded_by=complement(272090..273571),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA037,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS42  coded_by=213950..215431,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS42,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA038  coded_by=complement(361285..362766),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA038,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAK  coded_by=87..1568,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAK,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA040  coded_by=complement(420..1901),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA040,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA048  coded_by=complement(556310..557791),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA048,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA08  coded_by=complement(59773..61254),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA08,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA07  coded_by=92968..94449,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA07,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PGPR2  coded_by=complement(563281..564762),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PGPR2,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA04  coded_by=complement(83680..85161),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA04,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MPAO1/P2  coded_by=149357..150838,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MPAO1/P2,definition=cytochrome C
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MPAO1/P1  coded_by=149294..150775,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MPAO1/P1,definition=cytochrome C
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_148  coded_by=119040..120521,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 148,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M10  coded_by=45760..47241,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M10,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAK  coded_by=complement(48564..50045),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAK,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA04  coded_by=6131012..6132493,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA04,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_str._Stone_130  coded_by=158650..160131,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa str. Stone 130,definition=hypothetical protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO579  coded_by=complement(571111..572592),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO579,definition=cytochrome C
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_E2  coded_by=complement(68458..69939),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa E2,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ATCC_25324  coded_by=complement(1348..2829),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 25324,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CIG1  coded_by=complement(3129..4610),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CIG1,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_SCV20265  coded_by=complement(569489..570970),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa SCV20265,definition=Nitrite reductase associated c-type cytochorome NirN
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-VE13  coded_by=complement(571111..572592),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-VE13,definition=cytochrome c family protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-VE2  coded_by=complement(571111..572592),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-VE2,definition=cytochrome c family protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_B136-33  coded_by=complement(558398..559879),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa B136-33,definition=cytochrome C
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1  coded_by=complement(571111..572592),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1,definition=probable c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_c7447m  coded_by=complement(571088..572569),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa c7447m,definition=cytochrome c family protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL09  coded_by=208474..209955,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL09,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA008  coded_by=complement(467457..468938),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA008,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA024  coded_by=complement(556566..558047),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA024,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C40  coded_by=complement(524389..525870),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C40,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL11  coded_by=complement(315377..316858),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL11,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL25  coded_by=complement(558333..559814),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL25,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA012  coded_by=complement(565126..566607),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA012,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C48  coded_by=complement(48744..50225),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C48,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C20  coded_by=complement(614971..616452),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C20,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA021  coded_by=complement(565126..566607),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA021,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL02  coded_by=142083..143564,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL02,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL06  coded_by=161882..163363,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL06,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA001  coded_by=complement(520762..522243),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA001,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL23  coded_by=complement(306683..308164),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL23,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO581  coded_by=complement(570987..572468),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO581,definition=cytochrome c family protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL20  coded_by=complement(544010..545491),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL20,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA005  coded_by=complement(295597..297078),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA005,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF614  coded_by=423593..425074,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF614,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_E2  coded_by=139373..140854,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa E2,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL19  coded_by=complement(518391..519872),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL19,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA004  coded_by=complement(304832..306313),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA004,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA014  coded_by=211657..213138,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA014,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C23  coded_by=complement(614971..616452),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C23,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M9A.1  coded_by=complement(483..1964),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M9A.1,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA025  coded_by=136519..138000,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA025,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA023  coded_by=139855..141336,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA023,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA009  coded_by=complement(521497..522978),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA009,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(4379275..4380756),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL01  coded_by=complement(48525..50006),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL01,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11851..13332,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(1685208..1686689),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(571115..572596),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139810..141291,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(787402..788883),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11841..13322,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=140126..141607,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(601914..603395),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase associated c-type cytochrome NirN
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139898..141379,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=138108..139589,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=5366133..5367614,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11919..13400),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(179787..181268),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=169374..170855,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22690..24171,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(125997..127478),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(225..1706),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(258..1739),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=59000..60481,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22668..24149,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11823..13304),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(652812..654293),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35484..36965,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(274..1755),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(23032..24513),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(270..1751),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(258..1739),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(282..1763),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22668..24149,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(257..1738),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=59002..60483,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(140880..142361),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=59366..60847,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(284..1765),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(246..1727),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(135766..137247),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=44892..46373,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35467..36948,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(262..1743),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22656..24137,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(280..1761),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=46212..47693,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11946..13427),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(226..1707),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35470..36951,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=59002..60483,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=59000..60481,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(233..1714),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22710..24191,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=59002..60483,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=724..2205,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(251..1732),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(1339..2820),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35457..36938,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22670..24151,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(259..1740),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22671..24152,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=59000..60481,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(49673..51154),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(250..1731),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35476..36957,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=59002..60483,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(135775..137256),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35469..36950,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(259..1740),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(257..1738),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(140868..142349),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(433..1914),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(278..1759),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(249..1730),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11946..13427),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=52429..53910,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22675..24156,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35473..36954,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=369236..370717,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(1094..2575),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=82010..83491,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35470..36951,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(11946..13427),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35479..36960,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(278..1759),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22675..24156,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(257..1738),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(258..1739),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22672..24153,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22664..24145,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35457..36938,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35457..36938,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35468..36949,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139573..141054,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=136572..138053,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=C-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MRSN_317  coded_by=140152..141633,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MRSN 317,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA38182  coded_by=complement(598788..600269),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA38182,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(236225..237706),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=35556..37037,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH051  coded_by=complement(558670..560151),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH051,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH055  coded_by=complement(234..1715),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH055,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-GFP  coded_by=complement(69999..71480),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-GFP,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH031  coded_by=complement(49549..51030),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH031,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH036  coded_by=complement(236418..237899),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH036,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyadidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsrerdlealvdvdqiphpgrganildpefgpvwitsalgndkitflgtdpdghpdqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpnsrnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsiavfdienleegykvlpiaqwanlgpgpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpkivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddkthklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>851,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlspmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganltdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtmlgtdpeghpdsawkvvrtidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtafsqsiavydvnnleagfevlpvaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpesnpdkawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdeafsqsiavfdvnnldagfktlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddkkrelkavikdaalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdslepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpdqarkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhsdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkdvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqysimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasqtkpewviniketgqirlvdysdlknlkettfesakflhdggwdstqryflvaanasnkiavvdtvdrklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhptygpvwttghlgadvitligtdpekhkdnawkvvqeikhvgagnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnpekslaesvavysiadlskppvmlnvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyqdidnmvvtevsaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdakenkltalidvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdeniavigtdperhkasawkvvrmlkgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpgisqsvavfdinnldkgfdvvpiakwagvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesatvivddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmiydeqtyhpeprvaailsshyrpefivniketgiiqlvdysnidalkftdieaerflhdggldsskryfltaanarnkvavidtkegtlealietdgltphpgrganidhptygpvwatshlgddtvaligtdpegnpdnawkmvqqlyamgggslfvkthpesehlyvdaplnpdaevsgsvavfkvadlaqeepeytvlplvewagiaegqprvvqgefnkdgneiwfsvwnaadlqsaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ytimdgktleplkimstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyedvsnlrvtqigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalidvekiphpgrganlvdpmygpvwitsalgndaitfigtdpsghspqawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnfeagfkvlpiaewaqikggaqrvvhpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeeesaivvvddrtlqlktvikdkrmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnaketgkillvnyadidnlqvttidaarflhdggwdstrryfltaanksnkiavvdsqerklaamvdvkliphpgrganfidpeygpvwvtsclgddhvavigtdpeknkahawkvvrslrgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdidnldkgyevikladaaglvgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkikstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashyrpefivnvketgkillvdysdienlktteieaerflhdggldstkryflvaanargkvavidtkegkltalietggqtphpgrganlnhpvhgpvwvtshlgdetvavigtdpeghpdkawkvvqtlealgggslfvkshpksdhlyvdaplnpeaevsgsiavftvselgqkepkyqtlpiaewanigegqprvvqseynqagdevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktlkmktvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgnanisflgtdpegnadnawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpqssnlwvdaplnpdesfsqsiavfdvnnldagfdvlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelknvikdpmlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaltdvtktphpgrganiedpefgpvwitsalgnanisflgtdpedhadnawktvrvlegmgggsifvkshpvssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdindldagfvklpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktrtlkavikgpefvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdienitvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpllitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdienitvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpllitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwavafkesgyvglvdysqpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpdgrpdvawtvvreitlpsagslfikthpnspwvlfdmtlsttddkqvcaynkntatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdekknakfkeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwillwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkdgklvgliesggikphpgrganivhpefgpvwitshlgdetisligtdpeghpdqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnsknlyvdtplhpeaeiassiavfnvddldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddktrqpvkvirderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepikiastrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnyedvknlkvttldaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkmvalvdcdkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstsalgnekvtligtdpenhpdqawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdttlnpdaalsqsiavfdlenidvpykvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktltlkevikdpllitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdgltleplkvvstrsmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashytpefivnvketghtllvnyedldnlvvtdiaterflhdggfdatgryfivaanardklavidtkegelealipsegltphpgrganfehptygpvwatshlgdatisligtdpenhpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpesnhlyvdtplnpepsiassvavfnideldqeepqyevlpigewsgidegmrrivqpeynkqgtevwfsvwnaqdqksaivivddetmqpkhvikgeeivtptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiadwaelgegpkrvvqgeyskagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelravikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpesivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgqalepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshyaptflvnvketgqvmmvnytdlnnlkittigaerflhdggfdstgryfmaaanarntiavidtkddklvakietgttphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdevialigtdpvnhpqyawkmveelegqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeasiassvavfdvdnlekgydvipvgewsgiaegvkrvvqgeynkdgseiwwsvwnaateqsaivvindktrklvkvikdkrlitpfgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryfllaanasnkiaavdtktgnlagacshvpniphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvltlistpsddkknakykeynwkvvqeikhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadsaqnsdkdlaesvsvwdmadlskptkvinvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatltvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgetleplkisstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvketgqvlmvnyedidnlqitsigaarylhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidsrsqeltalvdvteiphpgrganlqdpefgpvwvtsalgnenvtfvatdpaehpdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdttlnpdaginqsiavydvknldkgfevlpiaewadiegagpkrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwsgkedesaivivddktrelkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkillvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklvdvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdkekhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpprvlpiaewsgvkegprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlkpkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_lini  coded_by=complement(326..1819),organism=Pseudomonas lini,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrrmllapllwigaahagatvpssdaaadlyqqhcqrchganrfggtgpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmtgyanvfspaqidalvdylqqppatpptwnnddirgshsiladisklpdtpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfdvlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwvslydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktipaigqdgtasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelssagtpdfeprriqaedvlddfsfspdykqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsvwatdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefvegtsh
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=complement(2590..4323),organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=nitrite reductase
mkeaprsegaakttaeqaaqkgdvadhtskpqdqyepalttlaqepveapgakegvpsmteeefnaankiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrelgldylksfitygspagmpnwgtsgdmdeatvdlmaryvmqdpasppewgmpemkeswkvlvkpedrptekkndwdlenlfsvtlrdagqialidggtyeikkvidtgyavhisrlsasgryllvigrdakvdmidlwmedpsvvatikvgaearsvetskmegwedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvaailashyrpeflvniketgkiqlvdytdlknlkiteieaerflhdggldstkryfitaanargklvvvdtkegklaaitetggetphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghkdnawkivdsfpalgggslfiktypgsnhlyvdatlnpdaeisgsvavfkidqmkgdgsdpefqtlpiaewaeitdgqprvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdprlvtptgkfnvkntmgdiy
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywphqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpnprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkslitptgkfn
>Bradyrhizobium_oligotrophicum_S58  coded_by=complement(7721724..7723478),organism=Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum S58,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mltggiaviggailgpvaanaqadsaapkpadvqqhkttpggqyqpsldtlgakpteqpgtkpgdpvlskaefdqanriyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdltkklgfdylrdfitygspggmpnwgssgqlseaevalmaryllndpaqppefglkemkdswkvivpvaqrptkklnkldidnlfavtlrdagevalidgttkkielilqtgyavhisrmsasgrylytvgrdsklnlvdlwmdppqtvaelkigtearsvetskfkgyedkyaiagaywppqyvlmdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefvvniketgqtllvnykdiknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdktgryffvaanarhriaiidtkedklvkvlesggqtphpgrganfehpkfgpvwatshlgnetisfigsdpekhkdnawkvvqtvdgqgggslfikthpkseniyvdtplntdaeisssvavfkikdltkekpeykvlpigqwsgisegarrvvqgefnkegneiwfsvwnnkaqesaivvvddktltmktvirdkrlvtptgkfnvyntrndvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnysdienlsvttinaarflhdggwdsshryfltaanqsnkvaivdsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganivdpklgpmwvtsalgnekitaigtdpdkhpdqawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavfdvnnldagyqvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkkvikspriitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashykpeflvnvketgktlmvdysdiknlkqieigsarflhdggfdsskryflvaanasnkvaiidtkedklvalvetgekphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhpkeawkvvqtlkgqgggslfvkthptskhlyvdtplnpeasiassvavfdignldkepvildiggmsgiaegvrrvvqgefnkpgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivviddrtlklkevikgkevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhprygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdaatlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedpenltvttieaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtfvgtdpeghpdsawkvvrelegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdeaisqsvavydvnnleagftvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgselvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvasalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkargggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimkgdtlepmkivatrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivgahdkpqfivnvketgkillvdyrdlknlktteieaarflhdggwdaskryflvaanesnkiavvdskedklaalvdvgriphpgrganfkdpkfgpvwatghlgddtialigtdpkgnpknawkvvrslkaqgggnlfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdpkihqsiavfdiknlekpfevlpigewagvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsalvvvddkarklkavikdprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivniketgkillvnyrdidslsvttipaarflhdggwdrskrffltaanqsdkiaivdsrerrlqalvdvdkiphpgrganvedpqhgpawvtsalgndkisfigtdpeghpdkawkvtrvlkgqgggslfveshpssrnlwvdtplnpsaeisqsiavfdldnldkgyevlpiaawaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqqsavvvvddktrklkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivniketgkillvnyrdidslsvttipaarflhdggwdrskrffltaanqsdkiaivdsrerrlqalvdvdkiphpgrganvedpqhgpawvtsalgndkisfigtdpeghpdkawkvtrvlkgqgggslfveshpssrnlwvdtplnpsaeisqsiavfdldnldkgyevlpiaawaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqqsavvvvddktrklkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsskiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlavttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrdlealidateiphpgrganfihpqygpvwatsalgnenitvigtdpnehkdqawkvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpnstnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnlgkgfdvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivtvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhleprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfeklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdienitvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvllvnysnmdaitettleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavidakerkvvalvdaekiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpeknkkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdntlhpdakvsqtiavydvnnleagykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrklealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdinkldkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrklealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdinkldkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytvmdgdtlkplkvvstrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivasetkpewvvniketgqillvdysdietlrtatigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtqtgklaalvdvakiphpgrgghfvhskfgpvwatghlgadvvnldlepsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkailnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggkadqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytvmdgdtleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanesnriaivdsrerklvalpevtkiphpgrganivdprfgpvwvtsalgnhnvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpasknlwvdtplhpdgaihqsvavydienleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfnera
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgehnkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlviptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_MF28  coded_by=complement(43511..45220),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri MF28,definition=nitrite reductase
mskhllagvlagfsllglavaqaavnaenadaalkgeasvidpasaqvlhtpgapdlstaefekakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdeitlmakfiqhtpptppewgmgqmkdswkvlvkpedrpkkqmnnldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgktkdivktidtgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakidmidlwakepikvaeikvgvearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtaatqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvmlvnyedidnlttttigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerklaaqvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpdqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksnhiyldttfnpdakvsqsaavfnindlgagytvlpigewsgltdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeepsaivvvddktlklkkvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Azoarcus_sp._PA01  coded_by=complement(530132..531814),organism=Azoarcus sp. PA01,definition=nitrite reductase
mqnkswmgkafalallplavgtvwaqsapemtqdekdkakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwaktaadgtkteggtlklgterlekiiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmknswkllvpvaerpkkqmnninlknvfavtlrdagklalidgdthkiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepktvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgfedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwttghlgadvisvistaseeakyakhkdqnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlakepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmqdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivdvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggsllvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasrahpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghsknawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdinnldagfvtlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqteynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkmvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmvtgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlenlrlkmieaapflhdggfeskhryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegkleklvsvgkvphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpekhpdnawkvvrmlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpeenvsqsvavwdidnidkgyelipigewsgikegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngadqesaivvvddktrklkavirdpklitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgrillvdysdlaslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplkiistrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnfedinnlkvtaidaarflhdggwdstrryfltaanksdkiavvdskeqrlgalidvqkiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnedvtvigtdpvnhednawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkahpnsknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsiavfdvdnldggfevlpiaewaelgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdeesaivivddktrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarylhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrdrelealvdvtktphpgrganlidpefgpvwvtsalgnanisflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>Halomonas_sp._PBN3  coded_by=complement(49854..51584),organism=Halomonas sp. PBN3,definition=nitrite reductase
mmkkdwylkplavavttvalgitaayaqdgkkdldetqaayqgtesavdpgsakvvrtpgapdltdaefekakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkplttditqergieylkafihygspagmpnwgtsgdltedevelmakyimheppqppefgmadmketwevlvapedrpteqmndldienlfsvtlrdagqialidgaskeivkildtgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakidmidlwmedpsivatikigmearsvetskfegyeddlaiagaywppqyvimdgqtlepkkivatrgmtvgeqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkvrlvnyenldalstveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdatiqligtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpneaisqsvavydindleagydvlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmddtsaivvvddetrelkhvikderlvtptgkfnvintqkdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillanysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivaseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggfdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdlktgklaalvntakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddpkyaaykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpvskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldatkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpnqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksrnlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisqgvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgrpdnawqtvrildgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
arifqrlimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewaglregpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtlepvkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivanhhkpefvvnvketgkvmladysdlnnlkiteiaaarflhdggwestqryvmmaanqsnkiavidtvegklaslvnvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpvkhkqnawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakvsqsiavydinaldkgfvalpiaewaglgegakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkst
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepmkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedmanlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnklavvdtkdnklvalfesggttphpgrganfvhpihgpvwatshlgdeivslvgtdpvghadkawtvvqtlegqgggslfikthsvstnlyvdtplnpeaelassiavfdinnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrravqgeynqagdeiwfsvwnskeqesaivvvddktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_kilonensis  coded_by=complement(4857..6353),organism=Pseudomonas kilonensis,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrigwlapllwigavhgatapepdlalaeqnyqqhcqqchgvnriggagpallpqslsrikpdeirqviengrpasqmaafgavlepaqidgltrylqrppaveptwseddtrrshrlladvaslpdkpqhhadplnlfvvveagdhhvdivdgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnltliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgntlpgnlvvldardlslvktvatvgldgqasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelstgpnpdfvprrieaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldtgrivtdialpgmphlgsgtywkrdghwvfatpniskglisvidfdtwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdidgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygavwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvdgktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltapvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpsaeisqsvavydidnldkpyevlnvaqmadlgagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>endosymbiont_of_Tevnia_jerichonana_(vent_Tica)  coded_by=complement(17784..19412),organism=endosymbiont of Tevnia jerichonana (vent Tica),definition=nitrite reductase
mkktkftlsalglavgiassgfalnatagapamsdadfekgksiyfqrcagchgtlrkgatgknlepkntqklgqtrlekiitygteggmnnfddilskdeitlmakyiqqtppippemslalmkerhkvfvdpkdyptkplhgrnwenfflvierdvgkiaiidgdkkevvahiptgyavhvlkavehhntlhtenpgrfwfvmgrdgmmtkvdlwqtpdkmkvaqtqvaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfvildaktmeplkvvsargvnvdgeyvnesrvaavydtpmatswlvsmkelgqmwqvdysdidnlqitkidsakylhdgfydptgryfqiaanasnkmvvidsktrkleamidvdkkphpgpganwidpkcgpvggtthlgvgkitvwgndpaghpdqawkicyevetdgpgvfirthpksdyywadqtktpepevqqsiqviskktheivktirltekkgyaavhiefnndgsevwtsvwnradskkpngeiiifdaktlkekarikglyaptgkfnvhnrvnhvt
>endosymbiont_of_Riftia_pachyptila_(vent_Ph05)  coded_by=1402..3030,organism=endosymbiont of Riftia pachyptila (vent Ph05),definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mkktkftlsalglavgiassgfalnatagapamsdadfekgksiyfqrcagchgtlrkgatgknlepkntqklgqtrlekiitygteggmnnfddilskdeitlmakyiqqtppippemslalmkerhkvfvdpkdyptkplhgrnwenfflvierdvgkiaiidgdkkevvahiptgyavhvlkavehhntlhtenpgrfwfvmgrdgmmtkvdlwqtpdkmkvaqtqvaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfvildaktmeplkvvsargvnvdgeyvnesrvaavydtpmatswlvsmkelgqmwqvdysdidnlqitkidsakylhdgfydptgryfqiaanasnkmvvidsktrkleamidvdkkphpgpganwidpkcgpvggtthlgvgkitvwgndpaghpdqawkicyevetdgpgvfirthpksdyywadqtktpepevqqsiqviskktheivktirltekkgyaavhiefnndgsevwtsvwnradskkpngeiiifdaktlkekarikglyaptgkfnvhnrvnhvt
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanmkmtvldaakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkvavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatsnlgdesisligtdpaghkaqawkvvetikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavydignlgkpaqiidiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiiniketgkvlmvnyedienlrvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidsredaltalvdvteiphpgrganfkdpeygpvwvtgalgnenvtaiatdpvgnpevawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthprssnlwvdsplnpdtkvsqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewagiegagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklknvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>843,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpgprvasivashyrpefvvnaketgkimlvdykdinnlkmttldaakflhdggldstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedkmaaivdvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdesismigtdpikhkaqawkvvdtvkgkgggslfikthpksknlwidtplnpdakmsqsiavfdidhldkgftvlpiaewanlgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesvivvvddktrklkavikdpkl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqvllvnyedintlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpakhkddawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsisvfdttnlnagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlrlkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlepkkivstrgmtvtsqeyhpeprvaaivgshqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlgittidakeflhdggwdsslryfltaanqsntvvvvdskdrklvarvpvekiphpgrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpdkhakhawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeagisqsiavfdidnldagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnfketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskerdlealidatgiphpgrganfkhpkygsvwatsalgndnitlistdpnkdhawtavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydtnnldkgyevlpiadwaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>Colwellia_psychrerythraea_34H  coded_by=4453209..4454837,organism=Colwellia psychrerythraea 34H,definition=heme-binding protein NirN
mtkhpflmsisiallcvffavntanaapakkttmsaaekvaakklyqdncqschgvdrlgamgpallpenlarfrknkaikvintgraatqmpafnktlteseitslanyiytpskaslswtvadinaskvqhfdqsklpneaqfdadlmnlfivvelgdhsatllngdtferldrfktrfalhggpkyspdgrfvffasrdgwiskydiynrktvsevraaintrniaisndgqylivgnylpnnvvilntadlsplkvinakdsngnssrvsavynapprhsfivalkdvkevweipysdeggvevykgwahdyrveakaegwkadlskkseqfpvrriktddylndfffdpdyinligtarnshngqvinldtkkkiasigltgmphlgsgitwnyqgkevfaspnikegkitvidmenwniikeiktegpgffmrshsksryawtdvffgpnndkvhvidkstlkivktlspspgknaahveftkdgkfvllsvwdmegelivydaqtleivkrmpmkkpsgkynvynkinyergtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WS136  coded_by=complement(271490..272971),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WS136,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA041  coded_by=complement(303816..305297),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA041,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike5  coded_by=complement(563463..564944),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike5,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike7  coded_by=complement(563372..564853),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike7,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LES400  coded_by=complement(563162..564643),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LES400,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESB65  coded_by=complement(563008..564489),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESB65,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike1  coded_by=complement(563084..564565),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike1,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike4  coded_by=complement(562944..564425),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike4,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH-10  coded_by=142374..143855,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH-10,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESB58  coded_by=complement(563396..564877),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESB58,definition=probable c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA45  coded_by=complement(164101..165582),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA45,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ATCC_14886  coded_by=complement(5489..6970),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 14886,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_YL84  coded_by=261360..262841,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa YL84,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LES431  coded_by=complement(563392..564873),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LES431,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.2  coded_by=240624..242105,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.2,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH10  coded_by=complement(562291..563772),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH10,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF5  coded_by=complement(474..1955),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF5,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_62  coded_by=complement(49658..51139),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 62,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.3  coded_by=complement(234..1715),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.3,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA007  coded_by=complement(304063..305544),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA007,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C41  coded_by=235151..236632,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C41,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH3  coded_by=918643..920124,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH3,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.1  coded_by=146337..147818,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.1,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=146328..147809,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=158160..159641,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11894..13375,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH057  coded_by=complement(275744..277225),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH057,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH056  coded_by=complement(275451..276932),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH056,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3574  coded_by=complement(236497..237978),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3574,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3575  coded_by=complement(236211..237692),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3575,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH032  coded_by=complement(235319..236800),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH032,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C2773C  coded_by=451526..453007,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C2773C,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfitaanqsnklaiidsrdrklvglpdvmkiphpgrganiidpefgpvwitsalgddsitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvvkgqgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdtplnpdeslsqsvavfdvndidagytvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkdgdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgvriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgktleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvaailsshynpefmvnvketgkvllvdysdlenltiksidaapflhdggldssgryfmdaanasnkiavidlkerkltalidvgttphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkghpkqawkvvqelegqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpdeesstsiavfdinnldkgyevipigelsgisegarrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngvkqqsaivviddktrkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqkyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgpganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwgsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpggganfvhpeygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdnawkvarvlsgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnldagykvlpiadwaklgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdslkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimngdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefiinvketgkimmanyedinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsshryfmsaanasnkiavvdskdqelealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsiavigtdpknhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslfikthpksknlwvdstlnpdawisqsiaifditnldkapevvniadlaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfneg
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmiydeqtyhpeprvaailashfrpefivniketgkiqlvdytdltnlkiteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanargklvvidtkegdleavtetggetphpgrganfthptfgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghadnawkivdsfpalgggslfiktypgsnhvyvdatlnpdpeisgqvavfdidkftadteadpefttlpitewaeitdgqprvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashfrpeflvtvketghilmvdysdiknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdatgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvalidiegvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwvtshlgdevisligtdpkghpdqawkvvqtpegqgggalfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaemassvavfnidnldeeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddkarklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._CFII64  coded_by=471269..472774,organism=Pseudomonas sp. CFII64,definition=c-type cytochrome
mkrrmlvsllwlgsahvgaaiaatdtaleqaagsyqthcqschgtnrfggtgpallpeslsrikpdeirnvirngrtasqmagyakalnpaqidalanylqqppaslpswdnddirrshtiladlgklpdtpqhdadplnlfvvvesgdhhldildgdrfevlarftthfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwvslydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktipaigqdrsasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelstagtpdfeprriqaedvlddfsfspdyrqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkivtdiplpgmphlgsgtywqrngqwvfatpniskglisiidfktwtlikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvmlgpdneaihlidkqtleivrtlrpvpgktaahvefthdgrylllsiwatdgalivydshtleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefvegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshprsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavynvddpeagyevlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkrvikgpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>883,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgatlepfkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvaaivashynpefvvnvketgqillvnyqdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdktgryflvaanarhkvaivdtkdnklvsvvesggqtphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkqnawkvvqkvngqgggslfikthpksenlyvdtplntdaeisssvavfkikdlakekpefkvlpigqwsgisegarrvvqgeynkdgtevwfsvwnnkaqesaivvvddktlqlktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavidskerklaalvdvekiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpkghpehawkavgvlqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavfdindldagyavlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>Thalassomonas_actiniarum  coded_by=45988..47616,organism=Thalassomonas actiniarum,definition=nitrite reductase
mkkikyglsvlglavgmatggvsmsvtaaeptlseedfkkaelhyfqrcagchgvtrkgatgknlepenmlkkgqkrlekiitlgteggmnnfdelftkqeianlatfiqmeppvppemtlsqmrehtkeyvapkdyptkpkhdrnwqnffvvierdagkaaivdgdtkeiiahintgyavhvikgtehhkkdhvkdvgrfwytigrdgkvnkidlwqtpdkmlvaetkmaydardiavsgdgkyviaggywpshfvimdavtlnplkvvstrgyntkgdyvnearvaaiyttpnestfmvavkelgqmwqvdytdidnlridhidsseflhdgffdpsgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtktrklesmidvdslphpgpganwvdkecgpvggtthlgtglvsvwgndpighpdkawklcyevetdgpgafirthetsqyvwadqlkhpepeiqqsvqvfdkntheivktirvteepgkaalhmefnddgsevwvsvwnrkdaknpsgeivvydaktlkekhrikglttptgkfnvynrihhkt
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=68251..69783,organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mirlivslsalliavstpladpaqdyadncqechgsgrlgsigpalipqtlgrmrgpnlisvirdgreatqmpafgdllsdkqidalsaylkqplddvppwgteeimasrelnpeyrpadepvwssdpfnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfetldrfptpfavhggpkfspngryvfimsrdgwvqkydlyslqevgriraglnsrniamshdgnwvavanylpntltilstedlsvaavqeikgkdgtpsrisavyqappresfvlalkdvpeiwevfygpnpphygfahdwriegparhtkpfpvrkittpdylddfffdqsyeyvmgasrsgdggqvidlvighkiadldlpgmphlgsgitwkygdttvmatphlkdgtvsvidmktwktvkqietlgpgffmrshenspyvwvdvffgpnkdvmhvidkgsleivktlrpeegatvahveftrdgshalvsiweddgavivydadtlkevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=68251..69783,organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mirlivslsalliavstpladpaqdyadncqechgsgrlgsigpalipqtlgrmrgpnlisvirdgreatqmpafgdllsdkqidalsaylkqplddvppwgteeimasrelnpeyrpadepvwssdpfnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfetldrfptpfavhggpkfspngryvfimsrdgwvqkydlyslqevgriraglnsrniamshdgnwvavanylpntltilstedlsvaavqeikgkdgtpsrisavyqappresfvlalkdvpeiwevfygpnpphygfahdwriegparhtkpfpvrkittpdylddfffdqsyeyvmgasrsgdggqvidlvighkiadldlpgmphlgsgitwkygdttvmatphlkdgtvsvidmktwktvkqietlgpgffmrshenspyvwvdvffgpnkdvmhvidkgsleivktlrpeegatvahveftrdgshalvsiweddgavivydadtlkevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=68251..69783,organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mirlivslsalliavstpladpaqdyadncqechgsgrlgsigpalipqtlgrmrgpnlisvirdgreatqmpafgdllsdkqidalsaylkqplddvppwgteeimasrelnpeyrpadepvwssdpfnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfetldrfptpfavhggpkfspngryvfimsrdgwvqkydlyslqevgriraglnsrniamshdgnwvavanylpntltilstedlsvaavqeikgkdgtpsrisavyqappresfvlalkdvpeiwevfygpnpphygfahdwriegparhtkpfpvrkittpdylddfffdqsyeyvmgasrsgdggqvidlvighkiadldlpgmphlgsgitwkygdttvmatphlkdgtvsvidmktwktvkqietlgpgffmrshenspyvwvdvffgpnkdvmhvidkgsleivktlrpeegatvahveftrdgshalvsiweddgavivydadtlkevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggcdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivaseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggfdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdlktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpseeakyakykafnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthptskhlwadsaqnsdkelaesvsvwnlsdlskpvrtinvfkdsglpatkatrravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivaseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggfdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdlktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpseeakyakykafnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthptskhlwadsaqnsdkelaesvsvwnlsdlskpvrtinvfkdsglpatkatrravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkislsvavfdindleagykvlpvaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkislsvavfdindleagykvlpvaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>Natrinema_pallidum_DSM_3751  coded_by=146762..148594,organism=Natrinema pallidum DSM 3751,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
msrsespaesiaeqeerikrhlsasreiaerlefndelsfemglpspgrrtfiktsgvvaasaalagcagdddddgpestddeespdeetpeaersetvqltakqyefqpqeirvppnteltieftqstfekneeftmhtfyledpydigpielpentddgpidsvtfvtdeegtfdfecsaycgdghaqmngqlyvvpegesvdevdftdmgtlkerheilkeerelvqepqhdldlrdimvvternnasvamidtvndrlmervenvgkaihvhdfhpelpeqtregayvytqsrqgemykidlfdfervavadagtdardiavsrdgnyviggfynpnhlvicdaetmepikripthtvnpdgeslgsrvcslydvpeeglflaglkeggevwlidytqedfpvvatiecgrtlhdgfftadgryfmiasqtdnqmdiidtqershvaaipmngvphpgpgalypdedlaftthagsssvgvwntetweaetmidvrgsglfirkhehsdyvwadiiltdteddayvytidpdtlevdqeidcsqwgaaaaihpefsrdgekvyisvwkgenesilvfdpntgelltqiedllaptgkflgvraegh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
lpqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpnsgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagnevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>Dinoroseobacter_shibae_DFL_12_=_DSM_16493  coded_by=complement(3341772..3343523),organism=Dinoroseobacter shibae DFL 12 = DSM 16493,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mtrsairrtsllasaaffavltaggaiaqdkpedhanspagayepsmttlgqlnieipgrkpgdpvisqaeydkantiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkalttdltreggyeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgemteedvdlmarylllepaqppefgmaemretwkvlvapedrpkekmndididnlfsvtlrdsgqialidgatyeihsiietgyavhisrisasgrylmvigrdalinmidlwmeepatvatikigtearsvetskmegyedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgdtleplkiqstrgmifdeqtyhpeprvaailsshyrpefivnvketgkillvdysdirnlkvteieaerflhdggldstkryfltaanarnkiavidtkegeltalldsdgltphpgrganlnhpvhgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdeawtvvqqlyamgggslfvkshptsehlyvdaplnpdaevsgsvavfkvselgqeepeytvlpivewagitegqprvvqgefnkagneiwfsvwnaadltsaivvvddktlqpkhvikderlitptgkfnvyntradvy
>Arenimonas_donghaensis_DSM_18148_=_HO3-R19  coded_by=complement(95538..97643),organism=Arenimonas donghaensis DSM 18148 = HO3-R19,definition=hypothetical protein
mkrtlistalaialgagaslafaagndvvnerapktedqageaaylancaachqptgtglagafpplkdsdwiqkdpqaalqavlaglsgkitvngseynavmpamshladadiaailnhvmdefdngdtrfsadqvaaarkniagasdpaqgeahpgtsqaeaaykgapstmaagdvkmvrspgapdmteaefaeatdiffqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdltqakgtdylkalinfgspggmpnfgtggelttdqvdlmarflqhtppnppewgmaemreswkvlvpvedrptrqmndynlenvfsvtlrdsgeialidgdtkqiiniiktgyavhisrvshsgryvytigrdgkidlidmwmalpdrvaeikiglearsvetskykgfedklaiagaywppqyvimdgpslepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshqhpefivnvketgkillvdysdidnlrvttldaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskeqrmvglidvekiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtsalgndnitligtdpeghaehawkvvevlhgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdesvaqsvavfdidnldggfevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavlddarlitptgkfninntvndvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgttleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnklavidsrerrlvampevtkvphpgrganiidpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpernkdhawhvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdpaisqsiavfdvnnldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashaypefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdttlnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsredkltalidvtkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnsldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Thalassomonas_actiniarum  coded_by=49924..51528,organism=Thalassomonas actiniarum,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mkikplickitgltlalaslfvsatpdtsskdnkaaeklyvehcqschgvgrlgamgpalfpenlsrlrknkavkvikngrpatqmpafdkilnqteiaslidyiytpakelpkwtladiratniqhfeqsklpnkpqfdadlmnlfivvelgdhsatllngdtfepitrfktrfalhggpkyspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskydiynmkivsevragintrnlavssdgkyaivgnylphnvvildtkdlspiemietkssegvssrvsavynapprhsfivalkdvkevweipysdkggvdvykgwahdyrkdggegkvenwksedrfpvrriqtqdylddfffdpeyinligtarnshngqvinfdtkkkvatieltgmphlgsgitwdyqgkevfaspnikegkitviemenwqvikeiktdgpgffmrshskspyawadvffgpnkekvhiikkdtleivktiapapgktaahveftkdgkyvllsiwdndgavivydantleevkrlpmkkpsgkynvynkinyergtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprmaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkdvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Thalassospira_xiamenensis_M-5_=_DSM_17429  coded_by=174086..175813,organism=Thalassospira xiamenensis M-5 = DSM 17429,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mklttrlrrsaaplalgfglifasvaiaqekhpdsestyepsleslptdgsqpgthegvptmtadefnqgrkiffercagchgvlrngatgpalttdrtrdlgydylhdfitygspagmpnwgtsgdlteeqidimaryvmqdppqppewgmaamkeswkvivpvdqrptqkmndldienlfsvtlrdagqialidghdykikyvidtgyavhisrvsasgrylmvigrdakidmidlwmkdpkivatikvglearsvetskmkgwedryaiagsywppqftimdgetleplkivstrgmtydeqeyhpeprvaaivsshynpefvvnvketgkvllvnyedldalqvtsisaerflhdggfdssgryfmvaanardtvavidtkerkltklvevgttphpgrganfihpelgpvwatshlgddtialigtdpekhpenawkmaasidglgggslfikthpnstnlwvdaplnsdaeiyhsvgvldinnldagvetlpiaewadlgdegaqrvvqgeynkqgteiwfsvwngkaeksaivivddktrklkkvikddrlvtptgkfniyntqhdiy
>Thalassospira_xiamenensis_M-5_=_DSM_17429  coded_by=3530190..3531917,organism=Thalassospira xiamenensis M-5 = DSM 17429,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mklttrlrrsaaplalgfglifasvaiaqekhpdsestyepsleslptdgsqpgthegvptmtadefnqgrkiffercagchgvlrngatgpalttdrtrdlgydylhdfitygspagmpnwgtsgdlteeqidimaryvmqdppqppewgmaamkeswkvivpvdqrptqkmndldienlfsvtlrdagqialidghdykikyvidtgyavhisrvsasgrylmvigrdakidmidlwmkdpkivatikvglearsvetskmkgwedryaiagsywppqftimdgetleplkivstrgmtydeqeyhpeprvaaivsshynpefvvnvketgkvllvnyedldalqvtsisaerflhdggfdssgryfmvaanardtvavidtkerkltklvevgttphpgrganfihpelgpvwatshlgddtialigtdpekhpenawkmaasidglgggslfikthpnstnlwvdaplnsdaeiyhsvgvldinnldagvetlpiaewadlgdegaqrvvqgeynkqgteiwfsvwngkaeksaivivddktrklkkvikddrlvtptgkfniyntqhdiy
>Acidovorax_delafieldii_2AN  coded_by=complement(3342..5015),organism=Acidovorax delafieldii 2AN,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mrdtlhrwatgiahlalsaglvwmghglahaqasnatapaspaaatppsaaaapgtasaaalyrehcaschgaqrtggmgpallpeslerlrradalkviqhgrtatqmagfsstlapaditalaewiyqpvtpapawsdadvrasrvetlgakdlparpawkadpmnlfvvveggdhhvslvdgdrfevihrfasryalhggpkftpggrfvffgsrdgwitkydlwnltvvaevraglnmrnvavsgdgrwvmaanylprtvvlfdadlnlvkrydattldgkeasrvsavydaaprksfvvalkdipevweisydpkappiydglvhdykmgeaiakpgyqgvrrtpldeplddfffdqdyrhvlgstrpktgagdgaptaqvvnldarrkiaelpiagmphlgsgitfawngttvlaspnlkggaidvidmrtwrtvktiptpgpgfflrsheatryawadsmmsptakdtltlidkatltpaatlrepgrtlahteftkdgryalvsvwemdgaiivfdaqtlkevkrlpmskpvgkynvwnkinrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdiknlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvttdpkmtt
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlkpikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivathehpdfivnvketghillvdyssieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>Halomonas_sp._C8  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas sp. C8,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgqtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyenldalatveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdntiqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadvgegvkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvivddetrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygavwatsalgnenitliatdpdnkkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefivnvketgkilmvdyediknlevtsidaerflhdggldrsgryflvaanardtvavvdtkegelvkliktgikphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatshlgddsisligtdpekhpkqawrvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpkskhiyvdtplnpeselassvavfdidhldqpykvlpagewsgitegvrrvvqgefdraggeiwfsvwnaknqesaivvvddktltpktvirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpkfivnvketgqillvnyedidnpktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpenhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfnindldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_brassicacearum  coded_by=complement(2870063..2871742),organism=Pseudomonas brassicacearum,definition=nitrite reductase
mlishkkswalrvaalctalaapyaladkshesehsrmvktegapdlsqadfdsakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqpylealitygsaagmpnwgtsntltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrptkqisslnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvnhpqyawkqvgslqgqgggslfikthpasshlyvdttlspdtklsqsvavfdinkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgtmrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlklknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Dechloromonas_aromatica_RCB  coded_by=complement(3524795..3526480),organism=Dechloromonas aromatica RCB,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mkknvvgmlalsamafamgsafaqetakaapemtaaekeqakkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtkkdkdgnvteggtlklgqqrlekiigygtdggmvnfddiltkeeltlmakyiqntpdvppeysfkdtmdswkvmvpvdkrptkqmnkynlknmfsvtlrdtgevalidgdtkeirsivktgyavhisrlsasgryvyvigrdgrlslidlwmeqpavvaevkigfdarsvdtskfkgfedkyavagsywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwttghlgadvltlistpsdkksdakfkeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpekelaesvaiwdvadlskpvkvinvakdsglpvtkatrravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatltlkkvitdpkmitptgkfnvfntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdaltvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkivalvdatkiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpenhkdnawkavrtikaqgggslfvkshpkssnlwidntlhlqtavsqsiavydvnnieagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeydvrgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvvmdgdtlkplkivstrgqtvdtleyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvklvdysdfknlkittidaalflhdggwesshryfmsaanksnqiavidskdrklvklidvgsiphpgrganfidpehgpvwatshlgdasislintdvksknawqvvrtlngqgggslflkthpasrnlwvdtplnpdpkvsqsiavfdinnldkgferlpiaqwadigkgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqvsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigvarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklknvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Ralstonia_sp._GA3-3  coded_by=complement(37479..39143),organism=Ralstonia sp. GA3-3,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase (NirS)
mkaknwlypaiaalplslwlglphaatkaepkaepkaaiptltaaefdharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditrargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgdltdpevdlmaryiqldpptppeysladieksrkdilpvaqrptkkmnqynldnlfsvtlrdagevalidgdskqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarldlidlwlpkpdivaevkvgmearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvinaketgkilmvnysdlsnlktttidsakflhdggfdatgryflvaanasdkiavvdtkedklaalidvgktphpgrganfmhpklgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpaghpaqawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtrnleagykvlpiadwaglkgagarrvvqaeynkagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrtletvikdkrlitptgkfnayntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqvllvnyedintlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpakhkddawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwdgkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflrdggwdathryfltaanksnkiavvdskdreltalidvdeiphpgrganfdhpkfgpvwgtsalgnekvtligtdprkhpknawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplhpdakisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvavddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdkxprqswsvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkvavvdskerkltamidvdkiphpgrganfvhkkygpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpeghpdhawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpaenisqsiavfdtddldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkehesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptgkfn
>uncultured_Dechlorosoma_sp.  coded_by=<1..>887,organism=uncultured Dechlorosoma sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgmtleplknvstrgitvdgeyhqeprvasivsslikpewvvtvkesglvklvdysdvknlkettietakflhdggwdatkryflvaanasnkvvvvdtkegklaalvdtkpkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwstshlgsdvisligtdpdkhpqyawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpnsnnlwadaplmpekdaaesvtvysidqlgnpdakpevinvakmaglpetkgvkrvvqaeynekgdevwfsvwtgnktepsavvvlddktrkmktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvptrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvasdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavydtgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimkgdtleplkvaatrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvastvashyhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtaigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavidskedklvklidvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgdesisligtdhkkhkesawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksthlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavydlkdldkapailpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpefnkvgdevwfsvwngkaqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlvtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklknvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgnvydeqiyhpgprvasivsshnhpefivnvketgkilfvdytdlknlksveveaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanqrgkiavvdtkedkltalvetggqiphpgrganfthpvygpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghpdrawkivdsfpalgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdatfnpeaetsaavavfdidkmggnpdenpqfvtlpivewagitegqprvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdkglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgnvydeqiyhpgprvasivsshnhpefivnvketgkilfvdytdlknlksveveaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanqrgkiavvdtkedkltalvetggqiphpgrganfthpvygpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghpdrawkivdsfpalgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdatfnpeaetsaavavfdidkmggnpdenpqfvtlpivewagitegqprvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdkglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfpvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdghtlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrdlealvdateiphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpikhksnawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthpesdnlwvdaplnpdttisqsiavfdinnldkgyeilpiaewaklgegpkrmvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvitdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_Q2-87  coded_by=complement(2670379..2671875),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens Q2-87,definition=putative heme d1 biosynthesis protein NirN
mrrwwftpflwictvqgavattpdpdlaerdyqqhcqqchgvnriggtgpallpqslsrikpaevrqviengrpasqmaafgavlepaqidalalylqrplaveptwdeddirhshrvladvatlpdtpqhtadplnlfvvveagdhhidvvdgdrfeviarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvylasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlavldardlslvktiatvgqdgqasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelstvpnpdfvprrieaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldsgrivtdialpgmphlgsgtywkrdghwvfatpniskglisvidfntwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsntleeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgatlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvretgkillvnysdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavidskerelealidateiphpgrganfehpkygpvwstsalgndnitligtdpvkhkknawkvvdtlhgmgggslfikthpkssnlwvdaplnpdttisqsiavfdinnldkgfeklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeeksalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpnsgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfvpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnpkykqfkqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadspqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlsvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtsalgnakitiigtdpvkhpkhawkavqviegqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeagisqsvavfsidnldagfevlpiaewadigegpkrvvhpeynqkgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgprvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplnivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnmqvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiaivdardqqlealvgvdkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnekityigtdpegnpdkawkvvrvlpgqgggslfvkshpnsknlyvdtplnpaeaisqsvavfniddpdagfevlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqnsalvvvddktrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshprsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavynvddpeagyevlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkrvikgpklitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshprsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavynvddpeagyevlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkrvikgpklitptgkfnera
>Marinobacter_hydrocarbonoclasticus_ATCC_49840  coded_by=3145722..3147446,organism=Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus ATCC 49840,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor (Cytochrome cd1) (Cytochrome oxidase) (Hydroxylamine reductase)
mrvtklmikplalavaitslgvmnaqaapkdpdkstmayegtpsaveaesakivrspgapdltdaefekakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergidylkafisygspagmpnwltsgdfdeetvelmakyimheppmppefsladmketwevivppedrptkqmndldlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgdskevvkiidtgyavhisrmsasgryvmvigrdalinmidlwmeepktvakikvgmearsvetskykgwedklaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaakflhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpestnlyvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfntyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgttvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdienltvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerklvtlvdvddiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtsalgnakitmigtdpvnhpdnawkavdvvngqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeaavsqsiavfdinnldagyevlpigewadlgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmeeesalvvvddktrtlkkvikgdrvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgqtlmvdysdinnlkvttigterflhdggwdsskryfmvaanqrntiavvdakedklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatshlgdetvvligtdpeknkanawkvvrtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdsplnpaaevsqsvavfdignldkpfevvkiaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>897,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgniydeqsyhpeprvaailsshyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaitdtggatphpgrganfmhpdhgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpegnadkawqivesfyalgggslfikthpvsdnlyvdaplnpdaetsasvavfkisemkadvepefitlpigewagiaegqprvvqpefnkdgsevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktlelkevikderlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>852,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfviadaetmeplkvvstrginvdgnyveearvaaiyttpneptflvavkelgqmwqvdysdldnlrieeinsakflhdgffdttgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtkerkleamidvgalphpgpganwddpncgpvagtthlgegtvtvwgndpeghadqawkvcytvetdgpglfirthpnskyvwadqtkhpdpevqqsiqvidkatgeiaktiqvtdetgsaavhfefnkdgtevwvskwnmkgskepngemviydaetleekarvkglyaptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshdkpqfiinvketgkvlivdysdldnlktteigaapflhdggwdaskryfmvaanqsnkvavidskdnelealvdvgtiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpkkhpnsawkvvqslkaqgggnlfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdilnldkpfevlpigdwaevgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsaivivddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavvdsrdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdsawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdttnleaghqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddrtlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlaalidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_balearica_DSM_6083  coded_by=complement(3577655..3579367),organism=Pseudomonas balearica DSM 6083,definition=nitrite reductase
mrkpllagfvagfsllalgiaqaqdkpeekaeaayksqasavdpasaqvvhspgapdltaaefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewglaemknswkvlvkpedrpkkqmndlnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivktietgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakidmidlwakeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyaiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvmlvnyedinnlsyttigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskkrkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfnpdakvsqsaavfdinnlaagykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwngqeeesaivvvddktlelktvirdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhvwkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkqivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganvadpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpdhawkvvrtlkgqgggspfvkthpesenlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavydvtnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatlepfkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqvmlvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtlvgtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdigsleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpehnqygdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkavindkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrmvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdegsaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepekivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniedlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdshdrelealidvektphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpqsnpdhawdavrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvnnlgagfetlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrslkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlnplkvvatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrtqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvhptcgpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhpkhawkvcevikgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdpkasqsiavfdigslaagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaggdevwfsvwngknqrsaivvvddktrtlkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyhpefvvniketghilmvnyediqnlkvtaieaerfphdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkenklvaliktgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhadsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksrnlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdiknldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigatpflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvdktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkikstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashnkpefvvnvketgkilmvdysdiknlrtteieaarflhdggwdstqryflvaanqsnkiavvdtkdntlvklidvnkiphpgrganfklakvgpvwatshlgdehialigtdpkgngkhawtvvktlkgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdvnnldkgfdvlpigewagvtegakrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgqfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytlmkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkvllvnysdvdnldvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanksnkiavidskqrklvslveateiphpgrganildpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpsrhpehawkavrilqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqsvgvfditnpaaglevvpiaewaalgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivtvddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>851,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnhyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>815,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttddkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgaivvldgttlneinritdlmtptg
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdqeyhpeprvasivashchpefivnaketgkimmvnyedfnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklealidvgktphpgrganfedpkygpvwttshlgdetisligtdpekhkenawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdakinqsvavwdiknldkpyevipiaewagvsegskrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlepqkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvllvdysnpkaitettleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskereltalidvteiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatsalgnanitligtdpvkrgkkhawqvvrtlrglgggslfvqthpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnpeagyeqlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkqgtevwfsvwngldqrsalvivddktrklikviddpriitptgkfn
>Acidithiobacillales_bacterium_SM23_46  coded_by=<1..1635,organism=Acidithiobacillales bacterium SM23_46,definition=nitrite reductase
petemrykgapvpikpgeaketvtpgapalskaefdrakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditkakgtdylkvfinygspagmpnwgtsgdltdkdidlmarflqqeppqppewgmkemkaswkllvppdkrpkkqensynlsnvfsvtlrdtgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrlsysgrylyvigrdaqvnlidlwmktpdnvavikvglearsvdtskykgyedkyaiagsywppqytimngdtlepikivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadvnnlkvttigterflhdggwdstkryflvaanqrntiavvdakedklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpvkhkdnawkvvrklkgqgggslfikthpksanlwvdsplnpdanisqsvavfdlknldkplevvkvaemaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivilddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtlvgtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindletgyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtlvgtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindletgyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlephkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefvvnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkvtsidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkvavvdtetdtlvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetiavigtdpeghpehawkmvqslegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdindldkeyevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgefneagdevwfsvwnsrtqksaivvvddktrklkevitderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvfdgqtleplvvhdvlspdingkeleevrvaaivashfdpvwvmglkesgyvgivdysqpdfplvkkipadlflhdggwdhtgryfitaanaqnklmivdvktqelvagvetgdtphpgrganwvdpefgwvyatthigegkltmigadpegspenawkvvreielpgtgslflkthpespwvwmdtplsnvveetrqacvyskasmvlekcfqvadhgrvvhfeynragdevwvsvwdgdgeiviyddetltekeritgdwlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>825,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
hwppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgrhflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgaivvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
psywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitstgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
fwppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndptygpiwvtsalgnanvtalgtdpeghpdnawkvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdeaisqsvavydvndldagytvqpiaawaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvagiiashehpefivnvketgkvmlvnyedinnltttmigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfnpdakvsqsaavfdinnlaagykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwngqeeesavvvvddktlelktvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpaknadhawkvvrvlkgqgdgslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddetlklknviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytlmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtsddneyhpeprvaaivashyhpeflvnaketgvvhlvdysdldnlkvrmiktprflhdggfestgryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegklaasisvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhgnnawkvvqtlkgagggslflkthpksrnlwvdaplnpdpaisqsvavfdinqldkgfellpiaewagvkpgakrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwssgseesaivvvddktrklkavikdprvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskesrltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdapsnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyedlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhpdnawkvvqhlegqgggslfikthpesknlyvdtplnpeaelsssvavfnidnldkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkillanyedidnlkiteigaarflhdggwdaskryfitaanqsnkiavvdskegelealvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkfgpvwatsdlgdegiavigtdpedhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdekisqsvavfdinnldkgfevldiagmaglgegpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgskqesaivvlddktrkvkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadhawrvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdisdleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddrtlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdshdrelealidateiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvvevlkgmgggslfvkthphstnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtaigtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkiaqsvavfdisnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynsagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklksvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
pqfvimdgdtlsplkivstrgstvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshynpefivnaketgkimavnysdlknlkitiidaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatsdlgdefisligtdpikhkaqawkvvqtltgqgsgslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeakisqsvavfdirnldkgfevlpigdwadlgddgarrivqpeynragdevwfsvwsakdknsalvvvddktrklkavikdpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium_888  coded_by=4796..6544,organism=uncultured bacterium 888,definition=putative cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase NirS
mkhplnravppiamfaliaalsgtahaqapakkepakkhapdvetryqagssplaeqemhhninpkapsmtkaefergkqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdltlprgtdylkvfigygspagmpnwgtsgelnekevdlmaryiqqeppsppeygmkemeatwkvavpidkrpnkkmnaynidnlfsvtlrdtgevalidgdskkivnivktgyavhisrmsksgrylyvigrdakinlidlwlekpdtvaeikvglearsvetskfkgyedkyaiagtywppqyvimdgptlkplkiestrgltvapqeyhpeprvaaivgshhhpefivnaketgkviivnysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdrsgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkenklaklidvgktphpgrganfvdakfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpekngahawkvvrqlkgqgggslfikthpksgnlwvdtplhpdpkisqsiavfdlkalekgavilpiaewakvgegakrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsaknqdsaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfnvynttrdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntlepmrvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnyadidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvaivdsrernlealvdvektphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdhawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpnsnnlwvdaplnpeeaisqsiavfqadnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpevvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._CFII64  coded_by=463748..465439,organism=Pseudomonas sp. CFII64,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mlisnrktfaltlatlcstlalavthaasaeesavpapnppmvttagapdmsqaefdtskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkeqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpleptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtyidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpvkhpqyawkqvtsikgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Pseudomonas_syringae  coded_by=47941..49632,organism=Pseudomonas syringae,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfaltlatlcstlalavthaasaeesavpapnppmvttagapdmsqaefdtskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkeqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpleptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtyidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpvkhpqyawkqvtsikgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Cupriavidus_metallidurans_CH34  coded_by=complement(3441820..3443301),organism=Cupriavidus metallidurans CH34,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mkhailwtcmfasfvanaettidpasiysshcaachgadrlggmgpallpeslerlrpddlldvlrngrpatqmqgfskelgdatikqmatwlrsapaatprweqadieasrivyhapgtlparpvfsadpsnlflvveagthhvsvldgdklepihrfttrfalhggpkfssdgryvymasrdgwvskydlwnlklvaevragmntrnlavsedgewvmvgntlpqtlvllrasdlslqriypvtgaggkssrvsavydaaprgsfivalrdipevweipyigkktfeprvieltdvlddfffdqpyrhilgasrtatgqvidldagrkvadlaltgmphlgsgitwkrngrevmaspnlkqgaisvidmqswktvatiptngpgfflrsheatpyawtdammspkrdtlqvidkqtlaivgnvtpspgrtaahveftrdgryalvslmeadgaivvydartlkeikrlpmdkpigkynvfnkttrssgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpephvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwvtsalgndkvtvigtdpenhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfkpefvvniketgqillvnykdlknltvttipaerflhdggfdrsgryflvaanarhkiaivdtkeeklvavvesqgqtphpgrganlnhpkfgpvwatshlggetisfigtdpekhkesawkvvqtvdgqgggslfikthpksenlyvdtplnpdaeisssvavfkikdlakekpeykvlpigqwsgisegqrrvvqgefnkegtevwfsvwnnkaqesaivvvddktltlksvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA047  coded_by=213868..215349,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA047,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_Z61  coded_by=221946..223427,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa Z61,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_sp._P179  coded_by=157748..159229,organism=Pseudomonas sp. P179,definition=hypothetical protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_UDL  coded_by=550232..551713,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa UDL,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA018  coded_by=830141..831622,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA018,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_X24509  coded_by=263703..265184,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa X24509,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=171703..173184,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(6477235..6478716),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=150262..151743,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH033  coded_by=complement(49601..51082),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH033,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflrdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrnlaalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwgtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhkknawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdekmsqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflddggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdnthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpesmhlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryflaaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvnnvdagfevlpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqgsaivvvddktralkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkvsqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgrillvdysdltslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgnenitligtdpvkhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaeasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplspdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdaqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngktqesaivviddmtrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplarvdlpmtdingatllenrvavivashaeptwnialkesgyvgvvdytqagfplvstiatekflhdggwdstgryfllaanasnkmvvvdtatrslaatiptgttphpgrganwldpvygwvnatthigegkmavygadpvnhpeyawkvvreialpssgslflkthpnspwvlmdmtlssdgtsnkqicayskanavldrcwtvattglathfefnqdgsqvwvsdwatdgavvildgvtlteiarlsglqtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqahprhdgrrpgvppraarrfdrgehakpefvvnvketgkillvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklvdvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdkekhranawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpprvlpiaewsgvkegprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrl
>Diaphorobacter_sp._J5-51  coded_by=5361..7085,organism=Diaphorobacter sp. J5-51,definition=nitrite reductase
mtakriarlvalaaatlvsatamaqdakpvseaeknyqaggsplaevpmyqstnpkapkmtqaefdrarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlgkgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwqtsgefdeatvdlmaryiqqdpptppewsladakntwkvivppdqrpkkkmnkynldnifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeirvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagaywppqytimdgntleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpeflvnvketgktmmvdysnlnalktteigsapflhdggwdaskryfmvaannsnkiaaidakdgklagltevgkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatghlgdetisligtdpqknkqyafkevaklkgpgggalfikthpkskhlwsdaplnpdpkvsqavvvfdinnldkgyvtlpiaewaglpddggakrvtqpeynkagdevwfavwsakdkqsalvvvddktlklksvikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddaknakfkehnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnpdktlaesvavwdmsdlskpkavlnvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkviadpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssfikpewvvniketgqillvdysdinnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdekknaqykqnnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvsvwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>852,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaivdaktmnplkvvstrgvnidgdyvnesrvaaiyttpnessflvackelgqmwqvdytdidnlcidkmdtskflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasntmvvvdtkdrkleklikvgkkphpgpganwvdpdcgpvggtvflgeglvtswgndpkgradkawkickkteldgsgvfirthpnsdyiwadqtkspepevqqsvqvlskkdqkivktirvtkeagkaavhiesnadgseawvsvwnrkdnknatgeivvydaktlkekkrikglttptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3578  coded_by=complement(150..1631),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3578,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgspaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmhkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3579  coded_by=complement(150..1631),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3579,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgspaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmhkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ATCC_25324  coded_by=complement(1729..3435),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 25324,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhpppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>843,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgftleplsvtsvegaaiktgeqldevrvasivashtdpvwvlalkesghagivdyskpgfpmtsriaaarflhdggwdhtgryflvaanmenkmavvdvqeqklvavfetgikphpgrganwedpefgwvnatthigqgllavygadpvnnpehawkvvrsvpieggtgslflkthpnsdwvwfdmplnndpdaarqacvyskasgevdrcwqvadhgavvhfeynqagdevwlsvwdregelviyddktlrekkrikadwlttptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_sp._SK-4  coded_by=148493..150157,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SK-4,definition=nitrite reductase
mkaknwlypaiaalplslwlglphaatkaepkaepkaaiptltaaefdharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditrargteylkifikygspagmpnwgtsgdlsdkevdlmaryiqldpptppeysladieksrkdilpvaqrptkkmnqynldnlfsvtlrdagevalidgdskqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarldlidlwlpkpdivaevkvgmearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvinaketgkilmvnysdlsnlkttaidsakflhdggfdatgryflvaanasdkiavvdtkenklaalinvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwttshlgdetisligtdpaghpaqawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtrnleagykvlpiadwadlkgagarrvvqaeynkagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrtlktvikdkrlvtptgkfnayntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>726,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqillvnyediqnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganffyphpksknlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsiavfdttnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprveaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaandsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgknphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedidnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkknklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhknnarkvvqslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnamdqesaivvvddktrkpkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewviniketgqillvdysdiqnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedkkfakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnsdkdlaesvsvwdmsdlskpkailnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddetlklkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewviniketgqillvdysdiqnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedkkfakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnsdkdlaesvsvwdmsdlskpkailnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddetlklkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewviniketgqillvdysdiqnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedkkfakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnsdkdlaesvsvwdmsdlskpkailnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddetlklkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewviniketgqillvdysdiqnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedkkfakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnsdkdlaesvsvwdmsdlskpkailnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddetlklkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpesivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdatkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwttsalgnekvtligtdpekhgdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewarlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>Acidovorax_sp._Root70  coded_by=complement(52141..53865),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root70,definition=nitrite reductase
mkaiktvqhlalaaaamavatsvmaqagkgvsqpemnyqaggsplvnepmhqstnpkappmtaaefekarqtyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdittakgtdylkvfisygspagmpnwltsgemneqevdlmaryiqhepptppefgmadmkktwkvivepkdrpkkklnnynienifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrtsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaevrvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqytimngdtlepmkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgktlmvdysnidalkvteigsapflhdggwdsskryfmvaannsnkiaaidakegklaaitevgkiphpgrganllhpkfgpvwatghlgddtisligtdpkkhkqyafkevakltgpgggalfikshpksthlysdaplnpdpkisqsivvydiknldkgfvtlpvaewaglkddgakrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsaknkesalvivddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgdyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvaavdtqtgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhptygpvwatghlgdavvslistpsdeaknakykennwkvvqelpmpgagnlyvkthpksthlwadlpmnperenseavyvfdltdlskaptkievakdsglpetkalrravhpefsedgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimegdtlepkkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlsvttiaaarflhdggwdlskryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpdrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndkitmlgtdpdghpdqawkvvkvmsgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpetpisqsvavfsindldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikgeriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimegdtlepkkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlsvttiaaarflhdggwdlskryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpdrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndkitmlgtdpdghpdqawkvvkvmsgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpetpisqsvavfsindldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikgeriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqnvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerilhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanksdkvvvvdsrerklaaivdvdkiphpgrganfvhaeygpvwvtsalgnekitmiatdpmgnpdhawkvvkvlegqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsiavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvhpeysetgdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgdeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitdgltlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasisashikpewvvnvketgqiklidysdldnlkeitigsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtaklphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatghlgadvisvigtdpekhpdqawkvvqelpnhgsgnlfvkthpkskhlwtdapqnpekdlaesvsvfdltdltkpakviniaklaglpeskaikravhpefnepgdevwislwagktepsaivvmddktlevkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaalylhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerelealidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekvtligadpvkhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdagisqsvavydinnldkgyvvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwssvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrglkkvikdpslitptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfiklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaslnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaslnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaslnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkiigtrgmtsdtneyhpeprvaaivsshykpeflvnaketgvvhmvnysdlenlkvtmiktprflhdggmestgryfvdaanasdkiavidtkesklaavvnvgrnphpgrgahfvhpkfgpvwgtgspgvtrtssligtdskknppnaxkvvqtlkaagggqlflkthpksknlwvdaplnpdpkisqsiavfdvndldkgfellpigewagvkdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgageesaivvvddktrklkavikdpqlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekitliatdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrklealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdinkldkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklaalvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_Q8r1-96  coded_by=complement(1159248..1160744),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens Q8r1-96,definition=putative heme d1 biosynthesis protein NirN
mrigwlapllwigavhgapasepdlalaeqnyqqhcqqchgvnriggagpallpqslsrikpdeirqviengrpasqmaafgavlepaqidglthylqrppaveptwseddtrrshrlladvaslpdkpqhnadplnlfvvveagdhhvdivdgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnltliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgntlpgnlvvldardlslvktiatvgldgqasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelstgpspdfvprrieaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldtgrivtdialpgmphlgsgtywkrdghwvfatpniskglisvidfdtwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqechpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkdvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimegntleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkvavvdskernltamidvdkiphpgrganfvhkkygpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpeghpdhawkvvevlkgqgggspfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpaenisqsiavfdienldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheypefivnvketghillvdysdiesltitdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrerklvalvdvtktphpgrganiidpefgpvwvtsalgnsnltflgadpeghpenawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshptssnlwvdaplnpdeafsqsiavfdidnldagfvtlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkarqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgstleppkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrmlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkavidderiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgstleppkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrmlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkavidderiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdakegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghtllvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldtgfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>Wenzhouxiangella_marina  coded_by=896178..898304,organism=Wenzhouxiangella marina,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase-like protein
migsrrfqrfarlktlggialltcalpvaaqqaevhqaetargmatgsepseaayqvncgachqatgqglrgafpplagnarvigdpmrvvtialegltgelevdgvtynavmppmqhlsdtdiagavnhimsawgnegefvsveqvaeartrlgqtdpaegqrhpgvtegqmqyqgtpstvppgqmittpgapdiseaefaqsqqiyfercagchgvlrqgatgkpltpeitqekgtaylealinygspagmpnwgssgelsmdeinamarflqheppappefgmpemmetwnlivpvedrptepqserninnffavtlrdagqvalidgdnyeiaaiietgyavhisrtsstgryiytigrdgkidlidlyfetptkvaeikiglearsvesskypgyedeiaiagaywppqyvlmdgltleprrivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshqhpefivnvketgqillvnysdlehlqvttidaarflhdggwdrsqryfmtaanesdriavvdaldrelealipveriphpgrganiehpefgpvwitsalgndnitligtdpenhpdhawqvvdvlegqgggslfvkshpassnlwvdtplnpdpaisqsiavfdinnleagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddrtrtlkhvikgdfmitptgkfnvnntvhevy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpkpshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlkdldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplklvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlqvteipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskerrlealvdakeiphpgrganlidpangpawvtsalgnadvtfigtdpsghkdkawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsiavfgidnldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagnevwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddksrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgntvkpvkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttidsarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkivvidskerklvampdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfvgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdinnlaagyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynrdgsevwfsvwsgmtqesalvvvddktrklkqvikgdqvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvinaketgkiylvnykdlknlrvttldaakflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkddklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwttshlgdetismigtdpvkhkaqawkvvdtvkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdarvsqsiavydinnlhkgfevlpiaewanvgegakravqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA019  coded_by=127753..129459,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA019,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkiikvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvtsidaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskedklvalvdadkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstsalgnenitligtdpeghadsawkavevlkgqgggslfikthpestnlwvdtplnpdegisqsvavfdindldagfevvpiaewadigegpmrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwngveqppalvivddktrelkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>848,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgtillvnyenpdsltvttlgaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwitsalgnanvtalstdpggasawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesgnlwvdsplnpdeaiaqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrtlkkvikderlvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrerdlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpehawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagyeklpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrerdlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpehawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagyeklpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrerdlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpehawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagyeklpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cd1-containing nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepkriistrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdinnltvttinaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanksdkvaivdskerklvtlvdvdtiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdqawkvvqvvsgqgggslfvknhpnsknlwvdsplnpeakisqsvavfdiddidagyavlpiaewadlsdgpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkkvikgnrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>847,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqimlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynqygdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddar
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmmdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>Ralstonia_eutropha_H16  coded_by=2583133..2584632,organism=Ralstonia eutropha H16,definition=C-type cytochrome (NirN)
mktvlrwlvglafacatqaamaadpaalysqhcaachgadrlgamgpallpeslerlraseldqvlhagraatqmpafagtlaepdlqalarwlrtapaatpqwnaqairashivhhapgslparplfgadpqnlfvvveagshhmtvldgdrlapvhrfatrfalhggpkfsrdgryvylasrdgwvskydlwnlayvaeirvgvntrniavsddgrwvlagntlprtlvllnaedlslarvidvkgrngeasrvsavydaaprhsfiaalkdiaevweipyadaagaplpalaprvvvlddvlddfffdqpyrhilgasrkgggqvidlqqgrkvaalslggmphlgsgitwqrdgrevmaspdlgqgritvidmqdwhtvatvptngpgfflrshentpyawadammsprrdtlqvidkqslrvvgsvtpsagrtaahveftrdgryalvslmerdgaivvydaatlqevrrlpmdkpigkynvfnkttrsagtsh
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtlkplqivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlnplkivstrgstvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshynpefivnaketgkimavnysdlknlkitiidaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatsdlgdefisligtdpikhkaqawkvvqtltgqgsgslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeakisqsvavfdirnldkgfevlpigdwadlgddgarrivqpeynragdevwfsvwsakdknsalvvvddktrklkavikdpelitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA7  coded_by=complement(637616..639322),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA7,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmqaaaqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidsrdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkiqstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvasivathdkpefivnvketgkilvvdytdinnlktteigaarflhdggwdstkryflvaannsnkiaavdsktnklaalvevgkiphpgrganfkdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpkgnpknawkvvrtlkaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdlknldkpfevlpigdwagvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdqkivtptgkfn
>Sedimenticola_sp._SIP-G1  coded_by=1978078..1979637,organism=Sedimenticola sp. SIP-G1,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mkgllsicltfgllgicsltmastpistdtlykqhcaechgadrlgimgpallpenlkrlrkksaiqvirdgrvatqmpafgdkldkeqiqslvelvytpldrvptwgmaqirasqiiyhqpgslpdrplfeaaidnlfmvvelgdhhatllngdtfepifrlptrfalhggpkwadggryiyfasrdgwiskfdvfnltyvaevraginsrnlavshdgryvivanylphtltvldardlspikvieakdkqgnssrvsavytadprnsfvaalkdipevweisyldeppagfsgwvhdynqesgdarkeepfalrriqvkdylddffmtqsydqiigttrngsgqvvdldlkravanvalpgmphlssgitwqyrdrtvlatpnikqgqvsiidtktwevikqirtdgpgffirsheqspyawvdvffgphrdrmhvinkqtleivktlvpapgktsahveftkdgryalvsiwdddgglviydantleevkrlpmkkpsgkynvhnkltrsagtsh
>Gammaproteobacteria_bacterium_SG8_30  coded_by=5971..7665,organism=Gammaproteobacteria bacterium SG8_30,definition=nitrite reductase
mrggpapaktaesptehpattvaemkyagapsamgeaagemqmvispgapnmtqaefdhakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdvtqargtdylkvfinygspagmpnwgtsgeftaeevdimarfvqhvpptppefgmpemkaswkvlvppearpkkkmngyntdnifavtlrdagevalidgdtkeivsilktgyavhisrlshsaryvytigrdakidlidlwmekpdivaeikvglearsvetskykgfedryaiagsywppqytimngetleplkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyedvenlkvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsrdqdlealvdvdkiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnekvtylgtdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdvadpdagykvlpiaewanvgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddrtltlkaviddprivtptgkfnvrnttediy
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepqkivstrgytedtqeyypeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwnsthryfltaanksnrvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgkilladysdidnlkvteigaarflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnkiavvdaktgklaktaegkpalvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkhgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkqkknawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdttlnpnadvsqsvvvydinnldkgyqvvkiaemaqlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivilddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkiqgtrgmtvgeqeyhpeprvaaivashnrpefvvnvketgkilmvdysdlsnlkttevaaarflhdggwdstkryfmvaanqsnkiaavdtktnklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfkdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpeknkaaawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakisqsvavydirnldkapeilpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesalvivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkiqgtrgmtvgeqeyhpeprvaaivashnrpefvvnvketgkilmvdysdlsnlkttevaaarflhdggwdstkryfmvaanqsnkiaavdtktnklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfkdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpeknkaaawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakisqsvavydirnldkapeilpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesalvivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganldnpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernltalidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpknawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenlaagyevipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernltalidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpknawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenlaagyevipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pqftimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdstkryfmvaanqrntiavvdskedklvklvkegvgkiphpgrganindpkfgpvwatshlgddtivligtdpakhpkqawkvvrtlkglgsgslfikthpksknlwvdsplnpgsdvsqsvavfdlknldkpfevvkiaemaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqdsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
pqftimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdstkryfmvaanqrntiavvdskedklvklvkegvgkiphpgrganindpkfgpvwatshlgddtivligtdpakhpkqawkvvrtlkglgsgslfikthpksknlwvdsplnpgsdvsqsvavfdlknldkpfevvkiaemaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqdsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpehawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsvavfdienlsagyevlpiaewaglgpgpkrvvqpefnkagnevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivniketgrillvdysdidnlsvttidaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanksdkivvvdsrerklaaivdvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnqkitmiatdpdghpdhawkvvkvldgqgggslfvkthpnsrnlwvdtalnpdaaisqsvavfnidnldtgyqvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeysengdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgeeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidvvkiphpgrganirdpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnrdhawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagferlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynqagtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvivdgetleplkisstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvketgqvlmvnyedidnlqitsigaarylhdggwdsthryfttaanksnkiavidsrsqeltalvdvteiphpgrganlqdpefgpvwvtsalgnenvtfvatdpaehpdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdttlnpdaginqsiavydvknldkgfevlpiaewadiegagpkrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwsgkedesaivivddktrelkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvivdgetleplkisstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvketgqvlmvnyedidnlqitsigaarylhdggwdsthryfttaanksnkiavidsrsqeltalvdvteiphpgrganlqdpefgpvwvtsalgnenvtfvatdpaehpdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdttlnpdaginqsiavydvknldkgfevlpiaewadiegagpkrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwsgkedesaivivddktrelkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmeadtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvretgkillvnyedpenltvteigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdeaiaqsvavydindleagfkvlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagnevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpcrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngknqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdlplvdmngdplaenrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagyvsivpyanpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntqmlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgnpahawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydqdicaiskatgtldrcftvatngkavhfefnidgsevmvsdwdpdgavivldsttlteirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdlplvdmngdplaenrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagyvsivpyanpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntqmlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgnpahawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydqdicaiskatgtldrcftvatngkavhfefnidgsevmvsdwdpdgavivldsttlteirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdlplvdmngdplaenrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagyvsivpyanpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntqmlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgnpahawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydqdicaiskatgtldrcftvatngkavhfefnidgsevmvsdwdpdgavivldsttlteirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqgyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndvdagfkvlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvinnariitptgkfn
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=16771..18312,organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mplrplslaltlalpgaaladaaadyaehcaschaenrmggtgpalipetlgrvkgldaviahgrpstqmagfegtlspeqiaglvefikspvaevpawgapeiaasrvmaedytpadkpmfsadpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdsfevldrfptpyavhggpkfspdgryvfvmsrdgwvekydiwslkevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpqtltildtatlepvkvievrakdgtpsrvsavyqapdrksfilalkdapeiwevatspdagpyedgyvhsyeagakesfgaqaglfarrripiaeplddfffdpgyrnligtnregtkgvvinlvsggkvaelplpgmphlgsgitwdrnghkvlatphlnegvlsvidmsdwslvkqiktdgpgfflrshetspyvwadvffgphkdemhiidkqtleivktlnpapgktvahteftkdgryalvsvwedegavivydaktleevkrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkihfeegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgrillvdysdlaslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavlddprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvvaivaphehpefivnvketghillvnyedvdnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpenawkvvrilegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnpdagferlpigewaelgpgpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpdiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdggtlepkeivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfmvnvketgkvllvnyedinnlnittikaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiaivdskerklaalvdvdkiphpgrganlrhpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpkghpehawrvvqvlkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdttlnpdakisqsvavfdvenldkgyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeydatgdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivvvddktrklktvikgkdivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_lini  coded_by=complement(7677..9368),organism=Pseudomonas lini,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfaltvatlcsalalavthaaranepaaaapsplmvksagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlsrgqpflealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitsmakfiqhapptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytvagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltityidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrklaalvevgktphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpvehpqyawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpdsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqseesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Thauera_selenatis_AX  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=Thauera selenatis AX,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykannwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnpereiaesvyvfdmndlskapvalnvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddetlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfnv
>Thiobacillus_denitrificans_ATCC_25259  coded_by=complement(72194..73747),organism=Thiobacillus denitrificans ATCC 25259,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mqhfsrlcmlaaallasspasaaepvpavyarhcaschgidrlggtgpallpenlerlrkpealkviangraasqmmafgdklsaaeiqaltdfvytppasvpvwglaeikasrienfkagslpdtpafkadllnlfvvvetgdhhatlldgdsfkpihrfqtrfalhggpkftpdgryvyfasrdgwiakfdiwnlkitheiragintrnlavsgdgryvivgnylpqtlvvldaadltplklieakddtgkrsrvsavydaaprksfiaalkdvkevweipytdehepifpglvhdfrmaealadkgpfpvrriplddylddfyfdqpyqhlmgasreggkgqvvnldarikvadldipgmphlgsgitwdyqgrpvmatpnlksgvisiidmknwkvikrvetlgsgffmrshentpyawtdnfmspakdtltiidkrtlevarnltpepgktaahveftrdgryalvsiwemdgalivydaatfkevkrlpmskpsgkynvynkttrsagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegetlkpmkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlkvttiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiavadtkegklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfthptygpvwatghlgadvvtligtdpeknkanawkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnpekevaesvvvwdmadlskpkktinvfkdsglketkairravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlalkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=1..1713,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrite reductase
mrkpllaglvagfsllalgvaqaqdtaedkaqaayksqastvdpasaqvvrspgapdlsagefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmaemknswkvlvkpedrpkkqmndldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgetkkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwakeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetlqplqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkillvnykdidnltttsinaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavvdskerklsalvevgkiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatshlgdesisligtdpknhpqyawkhvdtlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdakvsqsaavfdisnleagfkvlpigewaglkdgakrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktlklktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqvllvnyedintlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpakhkddawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsiavfdttnldagykvlpiaewtnlgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvnhpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpqstnlwvdaplnpdtsisqsvaafdindlnagfiklpiaawaelgegpkrvvlgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddekrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvvvidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_MF28  coded_by=complement(35318..36811),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri MF28,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrvvplvllalsgaiqaapevaglaqasalyeqhcqrchgvdrlggagpallpeslsrlkpdearevihngrpasqmaafgdrlndaqidglvsylyqppatpptwsdadirashriladasklpstpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgerftelanfpshyalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlnnltmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavtadgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyagepdfkprrieaadflddfsftpdyryllatsrkalggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrngkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrshlnskyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydaktleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>846,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
qyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigtarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvvvidskndtltamvdvteiphpgrganiadpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthphsknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdvgnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgptleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvdysdirnlkvtdieterflhdggfdstgryfivaanarhklavidtkegqleamfesggqtphpgrganfehpefgpvwatshlgdeiislvgtdpeghpdnawkvvqmlegqgggslfikthpnsrnlyvdtplnpepeiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgidervrrivqpeynkegtevwfsvwnaqdqqsaivivddatrelkqvitgdevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgetleplkivgtrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedlanlkvteieaarflqdggwdatqryfltaanksnkiavvdskqdklaalidvgqiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdqtialigtdpqghpeqawkmiqsidgqgggslfikthpksanlyvdtalnpdtkvsqsvavfdindidkgfevlpiadwadvgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._TKP  coded_by=complement(2968777..2970450),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TKP,definition=nitrite reductase
mltrnrktwvlslaslscalalalpitahgdaaagvvkttgapdmsqadfdaskqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkaqitsmatfiqhtaptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlnklnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdtkqiiklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpleptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkyaiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivniketgkvmlvnyqdiknltittidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhpkfgpvwatshlgdggisvigtdpvkhpqyawkqveslkgqgggslfikthpnshhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfdinqlgkgytvlpiaeysgikqgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqteesalvviddktlklkqvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>851,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevi
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivatrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivashfnpefflnvketgmvysvdyrdlnnlkikmieaapflhdggfesshryfmdaanasnkiavidtkegkleklvevgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkkhpdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpeanisqsvavydvnnldngyelipvgewsgikegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivivddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefianvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpesivnvketgqillvdyadiknlkvttigserflhdggfdsskryfltaanarntiavidtkegklvklikegigktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgddsialigtdpkghpknawkvveslegagggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdaelassvavfdttnlkagyktipigemsgisegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwngikqesaivviddktrklkkvikdkrlltptgkfn
>Sulfurihydrogenibium_sp._YO3AOP1  coded_by=complement(476297..477958),organism=Sulfurihydrogenibium sp. YO3AOP1,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mkklllttistslaltaisyaqepdwklspeemqkasqiyfdrcagchgmlrkgatgpnlepektrkmgtealkaiihygtaggmpdwgasgeltpeetllmakfiqndpppppetslekiketwkvyvpvdkrptkpmtnrnwknymgvvlrdvgkvaiidgdtkelvnivntgfavhilrmsasgrymysigrdgrvtlidlwmekpdkvaevktcndarsvdtskykgkkgdyldkyavvgcywppaivtldgqtleplkivstsnyaydkpnefirearvasivashhapewvinikeagqvwlydysdplnpkikqlnaerflhdggwdlskryflvaanmrnkvvavdteegkvaaivetgvkphpgrganidhpkygpiwctghlgentiacigtdpkghpeyawkvvkkitlpgegggnlfvkthpnskymyadrplnpdkeaqskvyvidkeklevinelkvpekylqpkvvngkeikprgpvhlefndkgdevwvaiwgnkvipsailiyddktlklkqaiegdwvrtptghfnvintqkdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdperhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavydignldagyqvlpiaewanvgegvkrvvqpefnsagdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddrtlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdperhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavydignldagyqvlpiaewanvgegvkrvvqpefnsagdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddrtlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqysimdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgdyhpeprvasivasmqkpewvvnvketgqillvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatghlgdavvslistasddakyakykannwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaesvfvfdrndlskapvridvakdsglpegkairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashfrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpvghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqvgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkrvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssfikpewvvniketgqiilvdysdienlktttissakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdekknaqykqnnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvavwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_balearica_DSM_6083  coded_by=3583556..3585073,organism=Pseudomonas balearica DSM 6083,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrlipallvaaalpaatfvaldlavpraaaaevdahslyqshcqschgenrlggagpallpeslsrlkpaeaekvirngrpasqmaafsgvlddqqikaltgylyqpaavpptwsdadirashrllkdvatlptppqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvslydlnnltmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavaadgtpsrvsavytappresfivalkdvkeawelsyageptfvprriqaadylddfsftpdygqllatsrkakggqvidldsgrtvtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrggkwvfatpnvskglisvldleswklikeiptegpgffmrsqqnspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydantleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Acidithiobacillales_bacterium_SG8_45  coded_by=complement(41268..42950),organism=Acidithiobacillales bacterium SG8_45,definition=nitrite reductase
mrvklgqedrakgqphtgateselrysgapltipgeemrqaqeegpvltdeefaaatqlyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrergtdylkalitygspagmpnwgtsgelspaevdimarflqqeppsppefgladmkatwkvlvapkdrpkkpehkrnidnffsvtlrdsgqvaiidgdtkeivsilptgyavhisrlsasgryvytigrdakvdmidlwmdppkivaelkvglearsvetskykgyedkyaiagsywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnlsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrnlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpkqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnlgagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdiitptgkfnvyntmedvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltlqpiqrvdvplvdlngvtllenriaaivpshfgpewalnikeggfigvvdysdpaglnfpltlvptakfmhdggfdhtgkyflsmanasnkivvfnmetltvdaifnvgavphpgrgvnwldpvygwvnatghigdatievygadpvgrpdvawtvvrtltahsagslfikthpncpwvladmtnsangfeksitviskatgavdriltlpangrlthfefnmtgtevwvsdwatngavivldsqtlteirrfplpsptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgnillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvknkehawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagyevlpiaewgnlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_TS44  coded_by=313735..315258,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri TS44,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlavpqaaaaeatdatqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslgrikpaeahkvirdgrpasqmaafssvldekqiaslvtylyqppaippswsdadirashrmladlaklpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhvtildgdrfepltrfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwisqydlhnltkiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavaedgtpsrvsavytapprnsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrikardflddfsftpdyshllatsrqahggqvidldsgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptqgpgffmrsqqnspyawtdvffgpnndvvhlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydantleeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdnrpdeawqtvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsgnlwvdaplnpgesisqavavfdvndldagfetlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvsargmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyedlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdetialigtdpekhkenawkvveslegqgggslfikthpdstnlyvdtplnpepelsssvavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._SK-02  coded_by=20556..22280,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-02,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrtiesiaglfaataltltmssafaeegkksvtpaevkyqaagsplasepmhqsidpkapamakaefdkarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdktlasgtdylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgeltddevdlmaryiqqepptppefsmadmkktwkviippekrptkkmnnynldnifsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwmekpdnvaelkiglearsvdtskfkgfedklaiagsywppqyvimkgdtleplriaatrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkillvdysdlkalktteidaarflhdggwdmskryfmvaanqsnkiaavdakegklaalievgkiphpgrgatfvdpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpkstnlyvdtplnpdaavsqsvavfdiknldkpyktlpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktlklktvikdkqlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._SK-02  coded_by=20556..22280,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-02,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrtiesiaglfaataltltmssafaeegkksvtpaevkyqaagsplasepmhqsidpkapamakaefdkarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdktlasgtdylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgeltddevdlmaryiqqepptppefsmadmkktwkviippekrptkkmnnynldnifsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwmekpdnvaelkiglearsvdtskfkgfedklaiagsywppqyvimkgdtleplriaatrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkillvdysdlkalktteidaarflhdggwdmskryfmvaanqsnkiaavdakegklaalievgkiphpgrgatfvdpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpkstnlyvdtplnpdaavsqsvavfdiknldkpyktlpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktlklktvikdkqlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>843,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashyrpefvvnaketgkimlvdykdinnlkmttldaakflhdggldstgryflvaanasnkvavvdtkedkmaaivdvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdesismigtdpikhkaqawkvvdtvkgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplnpdakmsqsiavfdidhldkgftvlpiaewanlgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddqtrklkavikdpkl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilavhdkpefivnvketgkillvdykdinalkvteigaarylhdggldashryfmvaanqsnkiavvdtkegklaglvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpekhkdqawkvvrilkgqgggslfikthptsknlyvdttlnpdakisqsvavynvddldkpyqvlpiaewadlkddgakrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktlklktvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanrsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsspiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdevwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasiaasqykpefivnvketghilmvnyediknltvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkiavvdtktdqlvalidsegakphpgrganlkhskfgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpkghpeqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkshpnsknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdvdnlekgyevlpigewsgitegfrrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkdresaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvflkgdtlepidivstrgntvssgeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysdldalsvttlkaaeflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrerkmvtlvdvtktphpgrganlkdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitaigtdpekhadsawkvvrtlrgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdtrnlaggyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynkkgdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplrvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrnlealvdvtkiphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpvnypdnawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdindldagfetlpiaewaelgdgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrslkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttaldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvgstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpknawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddksrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimrgdtleplkivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvasivashfkpelivnvketgktlmvdfsnlddlklteigsarflhdggwdstkryfmvaannsnkvgvidakagklaalidvgniphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwstghlgdesvsligtdpvkhkaqafkvvqtlkgqgggslflkshpksthlyvdtplnpdaklsqsvavydikaldkgfkvlpiaewagitadggamrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsardkqsaivvvddktlklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpeygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngksdssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>Bellilinea_caldifistulae  coded_by=70358..71974,organism=Bellilinea caldifistulae,definition=nitrite reductase
maglkgetpptggveatpavelgeapvltteefeqarqiffdrcagchgvlrngatgpaltpdktlpkgtlalasiifngtprgmpdwgkqgvltaeqaelmakyiqneppappemsmeqmrgfwkvlvapedrptepqhtrnwenffavtlrdagqvavidgdtyevvatvntgyavhisrmsatgryvytigrdgktalidlwmdppavvaevktcydarsvevskyngpegdftdryaivgcywpphfvivdgltleplkvvstrsytydtqeyhpeprvasivashfspkwvvnvketgqiwlvdytdvqnpaikmlnaerflhdggwdasgryflvaannankivvldvqeekvaaivetekiphpgrganwidpvfgpvwstshlgegalvaigtdpvnhpeyawkvvrtiplpgagslflkthpnsdwiwvdhtlnpdeeiqrtvcviakanpvepykcwqvadygravhfeynmegnqvwvsvwgraddpgrtgeivvyddktleeiaripnlvtptgkfnvyntvkdiy
>Magnetospirillum_sp._SO-1  coded_by=complement(3379..5067),organism=Magnetospirillum sp. SO-1,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mmaalaaawagtavaaekpahgagehyetsgdvlrtapmtqpgaqpgpqlttaefdkakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrergfdalkafitygsaagmpnwgssgqlseaevdlmakyllneppqppefgmdeikgtwkvvipadkrptkklnnldlsnlfsvtlrdsgeialidgaskkivsiiktgyavhisrisasgrylyvigrdakinlidlwmekpetvaeikigmearsvetskfkgfedkyaiagaywppqfvimdgntlepkkivstrgmtsdkqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnvketglimlvdysdiknlkitsieaerflhdggfdstkryfmvaanarnkiavvdtkedklvgmvevgatphpgrgtnfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddtvaligtdpkghpkqawtkvasltgqgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpdadvassiavfdinnldkpaevlplgkwagitdgaprvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktrklksvikdprlitptgkfnvtntlhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
wppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdlnnlevtsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvgvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkdqawrvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplnpeskvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigdwagikddgarrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvsyedignlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskkqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnekitligtdperhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdttnleagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlqlkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdsltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpnganawdvvrvlegqggsslfvkshpnstnlwvdsplnpdeaiaqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimggdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashahpefvvniketgkilmvnyadidnlkvttidsarylhdggwdstkryflvaanksnkiavvdskenklaalvdvgeiphpgrganfkdpeygpvwatghlgdetiavigtdpgwlnkkhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksinlwvdtplnpdtkisqsvavfdlknldkgydvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvhpeynmdgsevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddatrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivaseskpewviniketgmirlvnysdlanlkettinsakflhdggwdsskryflvaanasskvavvdtqegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisiigtdpagnpqnawkvvqelrnhganslfvkthpksenlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvyriadlgnpdpkpevldlaaaadlgktkgvqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddkarkvktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>Rhodobacteraceae_bacterium_HLUCCO07  coded_by=31542..33296,organism=Rhodobacteraceae bacterium HLUCCO07,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming) / hydroxylamine reductase
mrfrnlqatrallsgtamavgllatavvaqeknahgdgpaaayepsmttlgqiqveipgrkegdpvmtgeefqrgttiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltrengydylhsiitygspagmpnwgtsgdmseadvdlmaryllleppappefgmpemretwnvliapedrptekmndidienlmsvtlrdsgeialidgntyeireiietgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakvnmidlwmekpqtvaeikigmearsietskmegwedrfaiagaywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvaailashyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldstrryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaitdtegltphpgrganfvhpdhgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpegnpdkawtivetfyalgggslfikthpnsenlyvdatlnpdpeisgsvavfkindmkagedpeyitlpvgewagipdgqpravqpefnkqgtevwfslwnakdkvsaivvvddktlelkkvikderlitptgkfnvyntqkdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdptygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynatgdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdptygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynatgdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillidysdvdalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqshkiavvdskerqmvalidapkvphpgrganikdpkyspvwvtsglgnenitfigtdpkkhpkhawkavrvlkgpgggslfvkshpksknlwvdvplnpdtklsqsvgvydinkldkgfkllpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwngkeqqsaivvvndktrklkkvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidnitvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvslpigewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
rpwppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhddgwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdshgrelealvdvektphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpqsnpdhawnavrilqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelksvikgpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgasleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketgrillvdysdidnlgittidaarylhdggwdstqryfltaanksdkvavidskdrklaamvdvesiphpgrganfrhpvygpvwatsalgndsitliatdpkkhkehawkvvqvlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpdagisqsvavfdiknldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvlhpeynkkgdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgeeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvntplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Brachymonas_denitrificans  coded_by=<1..>1352,organism=Brachymonas denitrificans,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
ditlergteylktfiaygspagmpnwqtsgemtaqdvdlmaryiqqepptppefsladiessrkeyipvdkrptkkmnnynidnlfsvtlrdsgevalidgdtkqiinivktgyavhisrmsksgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwmekpdnvaevkvglearsvetskfkgfedklaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdltnlktttldsakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfxhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtmkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlhpdakisqsvavydinnlnadpkiidiaacakltddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktra
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvkppiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpehawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsvavfdienlsagyevlpiaewaglgpgpkrvvqpefnkagnevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpehawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsvavfdienlsagyevlpiaewaglgpgpkrvvqpefnkagnevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtreyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnysdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpvkhqddawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinkldkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteesalvvvddktrklktvikdkklitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
wppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekitliatdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddrtlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekitliatdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddrtlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketgkvlmvnyqdinnlavteigaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnkltslidvgkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwatghlgdetiaiigtdprknkrsawkvvrtltgqgggslfikthprsknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdinnfdkgfevvpiaewagvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwssvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgpglepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlkittldaarflrdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskeqrmvglidvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpeghadhawkvvevlhgqgggslfikthpesrnlwvdtplnpdekvaqlvavfdiddldggfevlpiaecanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktrklkavlndarlitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefvvniketghilmvnyediknlqvttieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavvdtkdnklvalidsggskphpgrganlvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpenhpeqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavfnvddleagydvlpigewsgidegvrrvvqgeynqagtevwfsvwnskdqesaivvvddttrklkavirderlitptgkfn
>marine_sediment_metagenome  coded_by=complement(8196..9746),organism=marine sediment metagenome,definition=hypothetical protein
mirfivftsllltafagaaqgepraqysrycaechgadrlggtgpalipetlkrmrgpklgvviaegraatqmpgfaetlspdeiaalgdylttslakipdwgpeqieqtrtldpdyvpvtapafdadplnlflvvetgdhhvsvvdgdsftvldrfptpfavhggpkftpdgrfvfimsrdgwvqkydlwslaeigrvraglnsrniaiskdgkhlavanylprtltilatadlsvekvfevadkdgtpsrvsavyqapqrdsfilalkdapeiweiatdpnaapvyegyvhsyekgmveaiagseglfalrriavtsslddffftpdyrhligaardgergvvvnltvgreiaelplpglphlgsgiswirdgrrvmatphlkearlsvidietwqvvktietlgpgfflrshensryvwadvffgpnrdamhvidkqtleivktlrpvpgatvahvefdrdgkyalvsvweddgavivydaqtleevtrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkisfsdgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkilmvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkiavvdsktrklasivdvgttphpgrganfvhskygpvwatshlgddtialigtdpekhkqhawkmvdsikgqgggslfikthpkssnlyvdtalnpdekvsqsvavfdiknldkgfkvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynyagdevwfsvwngktqesalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>859,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgaslepvkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketghilmvnysdvknlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvaivdtkegklaglvktgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkgnpqhawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplhpeaevassvavfdlndlskeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnaanqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>846,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
qyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedidnlkvttigtarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvvvidskndtltamvdvteiphpgrganiadpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthphsknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdvgnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklksvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdperhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavydignldagyqvlpiaewanvgegvkrvvqpefnsagdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddrtlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdperhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavydignldagyqvlpiaewanvgegvkrvvqpefnsagdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddrtlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpgprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnveslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpegnpdsawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindfdagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdlnnlevtsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvgvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkdqawrvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplnpeskvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigdwagikddgarrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdlnnlevtsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvgvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkdqawrvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplnpeskvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigdwagikddgarrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimngetleplkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyedldnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidsrdqelealvdvdkiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnekvtflgtdpekhaqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdvanpdagykvlpiaqwanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddrtltlkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaavvashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshprsrnlwvdsplnpdeaipqsiavynvddpeagyevlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkrvikgpkl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpanawktvrtvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsaavfdvnnidagfevlpiaawadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>859,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepqkiastrgltvgtqeyhpeprvaaivsshekpefminvketgkvllvdysdtknlrtttidaapflhdggwekthryflsaanksnqiavidskegklvklvdvgkiphpgrganftdpergdvwatshlgdatvsliatgagkkawtvvrtlqgqgggslflkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdtkvsqstavfdldnldkgfkrlpiaewadlekakrvvqpkynragdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktqklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlkvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdaskryfmvaanqrntiavvdakdnklvklvtegvgkiphpgrganfvdpkhgpvwatshlgddsvvligtdpakypksawkvvrtlkaqgggslfikthpksgnlwvdsplnpnaevsqsvavfdiknldkpyevlkiaemanlgegskrvvqpeynnkgdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfneg
>Ruegeria_atlantica  coded_by=13708..15384,organism=Ruegeria atlantica,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mslgisykktgrafgvglamllgsvaaptlaeeptldkdafesskqlyfercagchgvlrkgatgksleplvetknadgtvtesgtlklgqerlekiiawgteggmnnfsdvmsedeisnmatyiqmeppkppemsleqmmatrkvyvepedypseplhgrnwenffvvierdvgkvavidgdtkevlahiptgyavhvlkasehhkleepenpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqnpenmlvaevtigydardvavsgdgkyviggaywpphfaivdaetmepkkvvstrgynvdgdyveearvaaiyttpneptwivavkelgqlwqvdysdldnlridkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtethkleamidtaplphpgpganwedpncgpvagtthlgegtvtvwgndpegrpddawkvcyevetdgpglfirthpesdyiwadqtkhpepevqqsvqvidkatgeivktiqiteeegnvavhfefnqdgsevwvskwnrstskeangeiviydaktleeigrvkglfaptgkfnvynrsnhvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdnawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvrlpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeicfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrepkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfianvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivmvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlkpfkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssetkpewvvniketgqilladyadiknlkvttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfkhpefgpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsdkpadakykknswkvvqevkhigagnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnperelaesvavwdmadlskpkkvinvakdsglpatkairravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlalkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgrillvdyqdlenlnvttldaarflhdggwdashryfltaanqsdkvavvdskerrmvalvdcdkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtsalgnekisligtdpenhpehawkvvdvltgqgggslfikthpnskklyvdtplnpaeaisqsvavydlenlaapptvlpiaewagiegpgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesalvivddktltlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvifdgqtleplkvepvltptydtqeelqevrvasivashfdplwvvslkesghvalvdyskpdfpmvakipterflhdggldqsgkyfmvaanmrdqmvvvdlekkemvtkfetgikphpgrganwqdpefgwvnatthlgegkmtvygadpvgspdhawtvvreiaapasgglflkthpesdwvwfdsplaadeemtrqicvyskskaevekcwqptdrgrtvhfeynrqgtevwvsgwdrkgqiiiydddsleeiarldddcmvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpdrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfneg
>Dechlorosoma_suillum_PS  coded_by=complement(3557822..3559462),organism=Dechlorosoma suillum PS,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mkkgvsafiftalaaamgsafaapaanapsltkeakeasakiyfercagchgmlrkgatgknlepantqklgqgrlekiltygteggmpnfddilskdeiknmatyiqqqpdvppewgmkemkanwkvhvpvaerptkqmnninlqnvfsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiwgivktgyavhisrtsasgryvyvigrdgrldlidmwfekptivatlkaglearsvdtskfkgwedkyaivgsywppqytildgmtleplknvstrgitvdgeyhqeprvasivsslikpewvvtvkesglvklvdysdvknlkettietakflhdggwdatkryflvaanasnkvvvvdtkegklaalvdtkpkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwstshlgsdvisligtdpekhpqyawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpnsnnlwadaplmpekdaaesvtvysidqlgnpdakpevinvakmaglpetkgvkrvvqaeynekgdevwfsvwtgnktepsavvvlddktrkmktvikdpklvtptgkfnihntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkqkvdlplvdingdplvenrvasivashndpvwvvsqkeagivsivdysdplglsfpmianiptakflhdggfdstgdyflvaanasnlmvvvdlvtqtqaaqiptglvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgrpdvawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgfdqdicaiskatgaldrcfavatngkavhfefnidgsevmvsdwdpdgavivldsttltevrrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvgsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganledpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdtawqtvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpsstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvnnidagfvrlpiaawaelgdgpkrvvqgeynksgdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddrtrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>Stappia_aggregata_IAM_12614  coded_by=complement(140535..142082),organism=Stappia aggregata IAM 12614,definition=nitrite reductase protein N
mirltaslsalllltslsvagpaqdyadncqdchgagrlggvgpalipetlgrmrgpdldavirdgrkatqmpafadvlngeqiealaaflkeplrdvpdwteadiaasqvinedyqsvekpvwqsdpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfetldrfatpfavhggpkfspdgryvfimsrdgwvqkydlyalqevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpmtltilstedlsvatvmdvkakdgtasrvsavyqapnrksfilalkdapeiwevatdpdadpvyegfvhsrekgmvealpssqglfarrriltaeplddfffdddyrhlvgasrdgargvvvnlnvgreiaelplegmphlgsgiswerdghrvmatphlkegklsvidtetwkqittiktdgpgfflrshentpyfwadvffgpnkdkihvidkesleivktlkpvegetvahveftkdgryalvsvweddgavivydattleevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdhawdtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnldagfeklpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddntrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkiistrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkillvdysdidnlavrtigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklealidvtkiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdnvnhkehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdtplnpntkisqsvavfdvndpekgfdvlpiaewagigegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdgnpdhafkvvrtlegqgggslsvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpeeaisqsvavydvnnldagfevlpiaqwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmiydeqnyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlrvteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanargkiavidtkegtltalfesegetphpgrganlnhpvhgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghadqawkvvqqlyalgggslfvkshptsnhlyvdaplnpdaeisasvavfkvdelgqeepeytvlpigewagiaegqprvvqgefnkegneiwfsdwngrdlesaivivddrtlemkhvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivdvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskrysltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkdvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmeadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpelrvaaivashghpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanitmlgtdpeghpdqawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdegisqsvavydvnnldagyevipvaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpemvtptgkfn
>Polymorphum_gilvum_SL003B-26A1  coded_by=complement(598123..599679),organism=Polymorphum gilvum SL003B-26A1,definition=Nitrite reductase protein N
mirsivscsllalaaalparaepdapalyaehcaachaesrlggtgpalipetlgrmrglvledviahgrpatqmpafdgllapdeiaalaafvntplatvpawgpqdiaasremvadytpaaaptfdadpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfetldrfatpfavhggpkyspdgrfvfvmsrdgwvqkydvwsltevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpmtltilstddlsvarvidivgrngtasrvsavyqapqrrsfilalkdapeiweiatsedagpfhdgfvhsheagmkealgaeqglfarrriivaeplddffftpdyrnligasrdgergvvvnlvvgreiadlplpgmphlgsgitwtsqgrrvmatphlkegklsvididswqlvktietagpgfflrshetspyvwadvffgpnrdvmhvidkesleivatlrpqdgatvahteftrdgrhalvsiweedgavivydaatlqevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkisfsdgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeehpknawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinrldagfvrlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeehpknawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinrldagfvrlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyedlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvavvdtkedkllalietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhpdnawkmvqslegqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwngkehesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_lini  coded_by=complement(7804..9495),organism=Pseudomonas lini,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfaltvatlcsalalavthaantaepaaaaanplmvksagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlsrgqpflealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitsmakfiqhapptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytvagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltityidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrklaalvevgktphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpvehpqyawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpdsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqseesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysvmagdtlepikvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvketgrillvnysdienlssttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklvakvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdariaqsiavfdinaldagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkmitptgkfne
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganlihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyealpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinveetghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Pelomonas_sp._Root1444  coded_by=161868..163616,organism=Pelomonas sp. Root1444,definition=nitrite reductase
mrttlprvalmaatllfawplaapaqapvdggkkelkeltpadvkyhagpsplanvpmvdsrnpkappmtqaefdvarkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdlttakgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwqtsgelseqevdvmaryiqhepptppefsladmkatwkvivppearpkkkenaynvdnifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkqiinivktgyavhisrtsasgrylyvigrdakinmidlwmakpdnvaeirvglearsvdtskfkgfedklaiagsywppqftimkgdtleplkivstrgntvdkqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnvketgktllvdyrdvdalkiteigtarflhdggldsshryfmvaanqsnkiaavdlkegklarlidvgkiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgddtisligtdpvkhraqafkvvatlkgqgggslflkshpksqhlyvdtplnpdpavaqsvavfdvkaldkgytvlpiaqwaglsddgakrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsakdkqsalvvvddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnvnntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>921,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgttleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdaiavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfkhpdygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpkrneehawqvvsvvrgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdienwtnariasrmpnspkgesnscyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvhpeynqegtevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrssesdqgerivtptgkfn
>Roseobacter_denitrificans_OCh_114  coded_by=1488045..1489742,organism=Roseobacter denitrificans OCh 114,definition=nitrite reductase
mslsatlafaqdkpadhgddasaayqpslttlgqiqveipgrkpgdpvmtpseyqdantiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkalttditrpngfeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgdmteeqvdamarylllepavppewgmaemrdswkvivapedrptekmndididnlfsvtlrdageialidgasyeiktiietgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdakvvmidlwmetpgpvaeikvgsearsvetskfegyedqyaiagaywppqfvimdgdtleplrikstrgmtydeqdfhpeprvaailgshykpeflvnvketgkimmvdysdidalkiteinaerflhdggldstqryfltaanargkivvidtkeskkvavietegetphpgrganinhptygpvwatshlgddtvaligtdpegnpdhawkmvqqlyalgggslfvkshptsnhlyvdatlnpdaetsgsvavfkidelgqeepeytvlplvewagiaegqprvvqgefnqagneiwfsiwnaadlesaivvvddktlemkhvikderlvtptgkfnvfntradvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshhrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerllhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkviidprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>Aromatoleum_aromaticum_EbN1  coded_by=521065..522801,organism=Aromatoleum aromaticum EbN1,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase precursor
msskrrswttgafllaslpmamsqayaqanteehvgeaeakyqaggspladvemyqdinpdapkmtkvefdkarniyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlpkgseylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgelsdddvdlmaryiqqsppqppefgmaqmketwkvivppeqrpnkkmndynisnifsttlrdtgeialidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeiriglearsvdtskykgyedkyaiagaywppqfvimngdtlepqkivstrgltvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfkpefvvnvketgktlmvdysdiqnlktteigsapylhdggwdaskryfmvaanqsnkvaaidakdgklaglvdvgkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatghlgddtialigtdpvkhkqyawkmvdtlksqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdnplhpeakvsqtvavydlsnlqagskvlpiaewaglkddgakrvvqpeynkdgnevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktlelktvikdpklitptghfniyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgptleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefvvnvketghilmvnyedmenlkvtaiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardklavvdtkdnklvalfesggskphpgrganflhptfgpvwatshlgdeiislvgtdpvghagqawtvvqtlegqgggslfikthpvstnlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>Rhodobacter_sp._SW2  coded_by=161657..163417,organism=Rhodobacter sp. SW2,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mtpqafharsallssaalaislfagvaaaqekppthadgpaaayqpsmttlaeinaeipgrkpgdpvmtqeeftqgtkiffercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrangyeylqsfitygspagmpnwgtsgalseaevdlmaryllleppappewgmpdmlaswkvivkpedrpkeklndwnidnlfsvtlrdagqvalidgdtyeiktvidtgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdakvvmidlwmeipgpvaeikvgmearsietskfegyedryaiagdywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgniydeqiyhpeprvaailashyrpefiinvketgkvllvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldstkryfitaanargklvvidtkegklaaitetggqtphpgrganfvhplfgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghpdlawkivdsfyalgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdatlnpdaetsgsvavfsidkmgaadvdpeivtlpigewagitdgqprvvqpefnsagtevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktlelkavikdprlitptgkfnvfntrgdiy
>Thauera_aminoaromatica_S2  coded_by=35159..36802,organism=Thauera aminoaromatica S2,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mkirastltglfalagalvvlpaaaspdkavaraasgaaaspaaidvpalyaqhcaachapnrlgamgpallpdnlgrlrkseaakviaegrpatqmagfaaqlgkdeiaaltewiytpvvpeprwtdedirasrvvhvdtatlsdkpvfdadplnlflvveagdhhvsvldgdrlepihrfqsrfalhggpkfaangryvffasrdgwitkfdlwnlkvvaevragintrnvaaspdgthvavanylpntlvlldgelnlvktipamdrdgkkssrvsavydatprqsfiaalkdvgevweisytkavedipvsyihdytqregsfipgylnprrtilaevlddffftqdyselmgasregvgqvvnldvrkkianlpldgmphlgsgitwewqdpaagpgarprtvmastnlkagevtvidmktwevvkriptrgpgfflrshsssryafvdsmmsaeakhilqvidkqtlevvreitgepgktlahveftrdgrhalaslweddgavivydartleevkrlpmrkpvgkynvwnkitreegtsh
>Thauera_sp._MZ1T  coded_by=complement(2813426..2815069),organism=Thauera sp. MZ1T,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mkirastltglfalagalvvlpaaaspdkavaraasgaaaspaaidvpalyaqhcaachapnrlgamgpallpdnlgrlrkseaakviaegrpatqmagfaaqlgkdeiaaltewiytpvvpeprwtdedirasrvvhvdtatlsdkpvfdadplnlflvveagdhhvsvldgdrlepihrfqsrfalhggpkfaangryvffasrdgwitkfdlwnlkvvaevragintrnvaaspdgthvavanylpntlvlldgelnlvktipamdrdgkkssrvsavydatprqsfiaalkdvgevweisytkavedipvsyihdytqregsfipgylnprrtilaevlddffftqdyselmgasregvgqvvnldvrkkianlpldgmphlgsgitwewqdpaagpgarprtvmastnlkagevtvidmktwevvkriptrgpgfflrshsssryafvdsmmsaeakhilqvidkqtlevvreitgepgktlahveftrdgrhalaslweddgavivydartleevkrlpmrkpvgkynvwnkitreegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvdysdvdtlsvrdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaltdvtetphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpdghadnawktvrilegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqaiavfdvndldagfdvlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlxpkriistrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdinnltvttinaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanksdkvaivdskerklvtlvdvdtiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdqawkvvqvvsgqgggslfvknhpnsknlwvdsplnpeakisqsvavfdiddidagyavlpiaewadlsdgpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkkvikgdrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivniketgkilmvdysdiknlkvttieaerflhdggfdsskryfltaanarnrvavidtkesklvtiidtegqtphpgrganlmhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqslealgggslfvkshptsgnlyvdaplnpdaeisasiavfkvseldqeepeytvlpvgewagiaegqprvvqgefnqegteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddrtlelkkvikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvtltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdstgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphvgepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdttlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdrandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkslitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtelrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetiasigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyeglpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirderlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MTB-1  coded_by=complement(574434..576140),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MTB-1,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgnskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddkarklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis_LMG_19424  coded_by=2231971..2233470,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis LMG 19424,definition=C-type cytochrome
mtalirwlgmlvlacfaqaataadpaalygqhcaachgadrlggmgpallpeslerlrdseldtvlrdgraatqmpafgatlappdlhglarwlrsapadapqwsadairashvvthapgtlparpafsadpqnlfvvveagshhmtvldgdrlapvhrfatrfalhggpkfsrdgryvymasrdgwvskydlwnlayvaeirvgintrnvavsddgrwvlagntlprtlvllhaedlsvarvidvrgrngdasrvsavydaaprhsfiaalkdiaevweipyadaagrplaslapraivlddvlddfffdqpyrhilgasrggggqvidldqrrkvaslalggmphlgsgitwqrdgrevmaspdlgqgritvidmqdwhtvttvptngpgfflrshertpyawadammsprrdtlqvidkqslrvvgsvtpspgrtaahveftrdgryalvslmerdgaiviydaatlqevkripmdkpigkynvfnkttrsagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkvvstrgitvdgeyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvkeagmillvdysdirnlktttiesakflhdggwdiskryflvaanaahkiavvdtkegklaalidtkkiphpgrganfthptygpvwatghlgdavvtligtdpeknqqhawkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksthlwadvpqnperdlaesvyvfdlkdpskapvqlnvakdsglaetkairravhpeyneagdevwislwagktdasaiviyddktlklkavikdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidatevphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>Acidovorax_sp._Root267  coded_by=complement(127159..128880),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root267,definition=nitrite reductase
mkaiktvqhlalaalamaaatamaqagkgvsqpemnyqaggsplvnepmhqstnpkappmtaaefekarqtyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdlttakgtdylkvfisygspagmpnwltsgemnekevdlmaryiqhepptppefgmadmkktwrvivepkdrpkkklnnynienifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkqiinivktgyavhisrtsasgrylfvigrdgkinmidlwmekpdnvaevrvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqftimdgdtlepkkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgktlmvdysnidalkvteigsapflhdggwdsskryfmvaannsnkiaaidakegklaaitdvgkiphpgrganllhpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkkhkqyafkevakltgpgggalfikshpksthlysdaplnpdpkisqsivvydiknldkgfvtlpiaewadlkddgakrvvqpefnkagnevwfavwsaknkesalvivddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdiy
>Dechlorosoma_suillum_PS  coded_by=complement(3346411..3348009),organism=Dechlorosoma suillum PS,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mktrvqaarrpsslafwllsvplglgalwlasrpahaadanapalfqqhcaachgadrlggmgpallpenlerlrkaealktiregraatqmpafkdqlseadiaaladyayapvnpkptwtekdirasriqhvdektlsprpvfkadpmnlfvvveggdhhvsildgdklepihrfqsryalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwltkfdlwnlkvvaevragintrnaavsgdgkyvmaanylpqdlvlfdadlnlikvmeaksadgkessrvsavydaaprksfvaamkdmpevweisydpeahpiydglvhdyqykegvsvpgflnprrtrltdplddfffdqsysevmgtsregkgqvvnldarrkvselqlsgmphlgsgitwnwqgrtvmastnlkegkvtvidmkdwkpvkdivtrgagfflrshensryafvdsmmspakdtlqvidkdkleivkelkpvpgktlahieftkdgryalaslwemdgaliiydartleevkrlpmkkpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>Acidovorax_ebreus_TPSY  coded_by=complement(1815501..1817201),organism=Acidovorax ebreus TPSY,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mrkleipfperlrrfpllcaiakkvdtdaakrplrgsrwsgpsrylaalglfwlaglhaqttealqpnapalyqqhcavchgaqrtgimgpallpeslervrpaevlrviqqgrpatqmpgfseqlgdaeiralaawvrtpvvpaprwgeddirasrtftpmpddepakpkwnadpmnlflvveggdhhvslldgdrfevitrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvffgsrdgwitkydlwrlrvvaevraglnmrnvavsgdgrwvmaanylphtlalfdadlnlvqtyaaatldgkassrvsavydatprksfvvalkdipelweisydrnaapiydglvhdykmgeaiakpgylgvrrtplseplddfffdqsyrhvlgatrprsgaderasaqvvnldirrkvadlpiagmphlgsgitfawgdttvlaspnlgggavdvidmqtwktvrtiatpgpgffmrshedtpyawtdsmmsptakdtltiidkrtlqpvaqvrepgktlahieftrdgryalasvwemdgalvvydaatfkevkrlpmkkpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>835,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltlepiqrvdipmvdiygatllenriaaivsshnhpvwalclkesghvgivdysdpaglnfplvstipaakfmhdggfdhtgnyflamanasnqivvinlqtqtleaiinsgltphpgrgvnwqdpvygwvnasphlgeglvtvygadpvgnpsyawqvvrqiplpsagslfikshpnspwilvdmtmsatgyeksiavidkatgaldriitlpangrlvhfefnmtgtevwvsdwavdgavivldsttlteirrfplpsptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgnillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtsigtdpvknkehawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvrpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfnr
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL04  coded_by=complement(19247..20953),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL04,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiasheypefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiinvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwdsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssfikpewviniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddpkfakykshnwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkelaesvavwnmddlskpvkvinvakdsglpetkavkravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvnsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpgfnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivaphehpefivnvketgqillvnyediqnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqkltamidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwttsalgndkitligtdpakhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdtgnlqagyqtlpiadwanlgegpkrivqpeynaagdeiwfsvwngkdqksalvivddrtlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaatvashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyediqnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqngpvwmtsalgnekvtligtdpehhqanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkshhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdvnnldapytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivsshykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdirnlkvttieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarnkvavidtklskliamietegltphpgrganlmhpvygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdhawkvvqqlealgggslfvkshptsghlyvdaplnpdaeisasvavfkvadmgqeepeytvlpigewagiaegqprvvqgefnqagneiwfsvwngkdkesaivvvddktlelkevikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgkilmvnyadvdnlvvteiaaarflhdggwdaskryflvaanksdkiavvdskndkltalidvgkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatghlgdesiavigtdpsghkdaawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthprsknlwvdtplnpapeisqsiavfdidnledgyeilpiaewagvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidskerklaamvdvekiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgnaditmigtdpeehpqhawkavgilqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeepisqsiavfdinnldagytvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeynepgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklervikgpdmvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgatleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdvenlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavidskertlealvdateiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatsalgndnitligtdpvehkdnawkvvevlhgmgggslfikthpesknlwvdaplnpdasisqsiavfdinnlgngyevlpiaewanvgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>gamma_proteobacterium_HdN1  coded_by=complement(4465576..4467162),organism=gamma proteobacterium HdN1,definition=Heme-binding protein (nitrite reductase protein N)
mkriiqpvlsgaavaamlagvlfwsglaaaseaapnasalfqehcaschgkdrvglmgpallpenlerlrkpvaaetirkgrtatqmpafsevlsegdinalvdyiftepankpvwtekeivashsvdqaalklpakpvfaadphnlflvveagdhhvsildgdklevihrfasrfalhggpkystdgrfvyfasrdgwitkydlwnlrvvaeiraglnarnlavsddgkwvlvgnylprtavlldasdlslqrvynvadakgqpsrvsavydaaprksfilalkdvpliweisydpqaepvhrgyvhdykmgeaiaepglltpraieldrplddfyfdpsynhvmgasrsghaevidlrvrrkvadlelggmphlgsgitfeyqgrpvmattnlgtpvvtvidmntwkkvtdipangtgfflrshdktpymwvdammnpshrdtlqiidkrslkvvgsvtpekgltsahveftrdgkyalvslmemkgaivvydaatfkeikrlpmvkpvgkynvwnkvsrdqgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplqgcfpprgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtp
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimggdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeygvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvgvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvgvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvgvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgvtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgvtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgfnlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvvetlhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdikdlgkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddktrklktvikdkklitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgfnlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvvetlhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdikdlgkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddktrklktvikdkklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheqpefivnvketgkillvnfkdidnlqvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdsktgklaalvdaekiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitfigtdperhpkhawkavrvekgqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdtplnpdpavsqsvavfdvnnlakgyevmkiadaaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvndktrkvkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-066ASC  coded_by=complement(18424..19944),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-066ASC,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliyallaaaalpaatfvaldmaipraaaaetidahalyqqhcqschgvdrlggagpallpeslgrikpdearkvirdgrpasqmaaysavldeaqidslvsylyrpsavpptwsdadirashrmladvtklpdspqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrilegdgftelarfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsfydlhnltmvaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgldgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyagepdfvprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtrkaitdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrggewvfatpnvskglisvldmrswklikeiptegpgffmrshehskyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknsahveftkdgkhlllsvwdtdgalivydsdtleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA7  coded_by=complement(630333..631814),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA7,definition=probable c-type cytochrome
mrltglalgllllplaqaaeprgealyrqhcqachgaerlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldetgadalvaylyqapshaprwsaedirasrvqphplatlpaaprfqadplnlfvvvesgdhhvsildgdrfapiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlevvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvavlpaadaqgqpsrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnlavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitdgetlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivatdhkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiavvdtktgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvitligtdpvkhpqyawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpksthlyadtplnpdkdnaesitvydiknldkppvvinvakmanlpdskaikrvvhaeynatgdevwysiwagktepsaivvlddktlqmkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdsgwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtlepmkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwgstkryflvaanqrntvavvdakdnklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatshlgdenivligtdpekhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaaksqsvavfdlknidkpyavvpiaemaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvrngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmvyddqtyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltalletggqtphpgrganlihptygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdsawkvvqtlyglgggslfvkshpksnhlyvdaplnpdaevsgaiavfnvddltqeepeykvlpivewadvgegqprvvqgefdqageeiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdhafkvvrtlqgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpeeaisqsvavydvnkleagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH054  coded_by=complement(19259..20965),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH054,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikvgiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivanhhkpefvvnvketgkvmladysdlnnlkiteiatarflhdggwestqryvmmaanqsnkiavidtvegkmtalvnvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpvnhkqsawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakisqsiavfdikaldkgfvalpiaewagigegakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivanhhkpefvvnvketgkvmladysdlnnlkiteiatarflhdggwestqryvmmaanqsnkiavidtvegkmtalvnvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpvnhkqsawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakisqsiavfdikaldkgfvalpiaewagigegakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=452..2137,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=hypothetical protein
mkktvvgmltmtamalamgsafaqetakvapemsaaekeqakkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtkkdkdgnvteggtlklgqtrlekiigygtdggmvnfddiltkqeislmskyiqntpdvppeysfketldswkiivpvdkrptkqmnkinlknvfsvtlrdtgevalidgdtkeirsivktgyavhisrlsasgryvyvigrdgrlslidlwmekpgvvaevkigfdarsvdtskfkgfedkyavagsywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaglvnvaklphpgrganfthpkfgpvwttghlgadvltlistpsdakkdakfkefnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthptskhlwadspqnpdrelaesvsvwnlsdlskpfkvinvakdsglpvtkatrravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlqlkkvitdpkmitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdivaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>881,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfqtaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdannldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimsgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvetkkiphpgrganfmhpkygpvwatghlgdavvslistpsekkedqkykqynwkvveelpmpgagnlfvkthpksthlwtdlpmnpgrentesayvfdlkdlskppvkidvakdsglpvtkalrravhpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktmkvkkvitgpdiitptgkst
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatldplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvmmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsmhryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasherpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvenlkvtsigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskedkltalidvtkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvnnkehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdtplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygrvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadldegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkrvikgdklitptgkfn
>Thauera_linaloolentis_47Lol_=_DSM_12138  coded_by=complement(4071..5753),organism=Thauera linaloolentis 47Lol = DSM 12138,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mqnkswigktlalailpmalgsawaqtapqmtpeemeqakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwsktlddgtkmeggtlklgtdrlekiiaygteggmvnyddiltpeeinlmaryvqneppippefslqdmkdswnlivpvadrptkqmnkvnlsnvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthkiwkilesgyavhisrmsasgryvyttgrdglttiidlwpeepmtvatvrfgsdmrsvdvskfkgyedkylvggtywppqysivdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgvyhpeprvasivanpakpewvvnvketgmillvdysdlenlktttinsakflhdggwdasgryflvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpqygpvwstghlgddvvslistpsedakfskykannwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnpereiaesvyvfdmndltkdpvqlnvakdsglpeskairravqpeynkagdevwislwggkadqsaiviyddktlkvkqvitdpevitptgkfnvyntmhdvy
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqgyhpeprlasivashyrpeflvnvketgkilvveykdiknlevteiaaarflhdggfdsskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkeeklvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpekhpkqawkvvqklagqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassiavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnpkfkqyksnnwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadspqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflrdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfaildgqtlepikmvssrsntvdtgeyhpeprvasilastyhpewvvniketgliwivnytdltnlsikqieaarflhdggldsthryflvaanqsnkiavvdlqentlsaivdvgkvphpgrganwidpefgpvwstshlgeasifsvgtdpeghpadawkavrttplpgsgslfikthlnsqwiwvdmtlnsdptlarticviaksdptqtykcwevstygravhfefnqagtqvwvsvwgdaskpgetgeiviyddatleelarikdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfaildgqtlepikmvssrsntvdtgeyhpeprvasilastyhpewvvniketgliwivnytdltnlsikqieaarflhdggldsthryflvaanqsnkiavvdlqentlsaivdvgkvphpgrganwidpefgpvwstshlgeasifsvgtdpeghpadawkavrttplpgsgslfikthlnsqwiwvdmtlnsdptlarticviaksdptqtykcwevstygravhfefnqagtqvwvsvwgdaskpgetgeiviyddatleelarikdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvkeaghillvnyedvenlsvadieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnadhawqvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindldagfvkipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdelwisvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpealtvteigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitllatdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpeagpsqtiavfdvnnlaagfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsakdqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpeivtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavvdtkddklvalfesggikphpgrganlvhpehgpvwvtshlgdeivsligtdpvnhpdkawtvvetlegqgggslfvkthpnstnlyvdtplnpeaevsssiavfdinnleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagtevwfsvwnaqdqesaivivddktrtlkhvirderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpegnpdnawqtvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvnnigagfetlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpegnpdnawqtvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvnnigagfetlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>Halomonas_halodenitrificans  coded_by=<1..>846,organism=Halomonas halodenitrificans,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdghtlepkkivatrgmtvgeqeyhpeprvaaivgshqhpefivniketgkvrlvnyenldalstveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqvvvidaqdrdleaivdvgkiphpgrganfedpehgpvwatshlgdatiqmigtdpeghpdsawqvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpneaisqsvaxydindlesgfevlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmedtsaivvvddetrelkhvikder
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvnhpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvgdldagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkdgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddksrelkavikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrtlealvdvekiphpgrganimdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsvavfdindlesgfvklpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnragdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktralkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshykpefivnvketghilmvnyedinnlkitdigaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkedklaalietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpeghpdnawkvvqtltgqgggslfikthpksghlyvdtplnpepeiagsvavfdianleaeykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlelkqvikdkrlitptgkst
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL12  coded_by=complement(591713..593194),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL12,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkldeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Thauera_sp._63  coded_by=complement(147121..148803),organism=Thauera sp. 63,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mqnkswigktlalailpmalgsawaqtapqltpdemakakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwektladgtkmeggtlklgtdrlekiiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinlmaryiqneppippefslkdmkdswkllvpvdqrptkqmnkvnlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthkiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmyyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgfedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgmillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgdavvslistpsddakfskykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnpereiaesvfvfdkadlskepvridvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpsivtptgkfnvyntmhdvy
>Thauera_humireducens  coded_by=complement(174312..175994),organism=Thauera humireducens,definition=nitrite reductase
mqnkswigktlalailpmalgsawaqtapqltpdemakakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwektladgtkmeggtlklgtdrlekiiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinlmaryiqneppippefslkdmkdswkllvpvdqrptkqmnkvnlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthkiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmyyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgfedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgmillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgdavvslistpsddakfskykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnpereiaesvfvfdkadlskepvridvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpsivtptgkfnvyntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgktleplrivstrgnvvgtqeyhpeprvaailsshyhpefmvnvketgkvlmvdysdlnnltiktidaapflhdggldssgryfmdaanasnkiavidlkdrkltalievgttphpgrganikhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpkghpdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpdeeastsvavfdvnnldkgykvipigelsgiaegarrvvqgecnkagteiwfsvwngvkqqsaivviddktlkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgktleplrivstrgnvvgtqeyhpeprvaailsshyhpefmvnvketgkvlmvdysdlnnltiktidaapflhdggldssgryfmdaanasnkiavidlkdrkltalievgttphpgrganikhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpkghpdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpdeeastsvavfdvnnldkgykvipigelsgiaegarrvvqgecnkagteiwfsvwngvkqqsaivviddktlkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
fywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdperhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavydignleagyqvlpiaewanvgegvkrvvqpefnsagdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
fywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdperhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavydignleagyqvlpiaewanvgegvkrvvqpefnsagdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnyadidnlsvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskdrklaamidvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnakitmigtdpeghpeqawkvvrviegqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtalnpeeaisqsiavfdindldagfdvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgprvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvilngetleplkvvgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavvdsrdqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhptcgpvwatsalgnekitligtdparhkahawkvcevltgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpklsqsvavfdirdlskgftvlpiaewanlgpgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngktersaivvvddktrtlkaviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgpsleplkivstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpvnnpdnawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagferlpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddttrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA21_ST175  coded_by=complement(235160..236641),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA21_ST175,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB13  coded_by=complement(536435..537916),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB13,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF77  coded_by=complement(524843..526324),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF77,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA017  coded_by=137272..138753,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA017,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA003  coded_by=complement(522500..523981),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA003,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL24  coded_by=complement(521413..522894),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL24,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA020  coded_by=complement(516359..517840),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA020,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF27  coded_by=208106..209587,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF27,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=147913..149394,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(3113867..3115348),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(387745..389226),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=hypothetical protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(3722249..3723730),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome c family protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH035  coded_by=complement(48415..49896),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH035,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvtsidtarflhdggwdvnkryfltaanqsnkivvvdsrtgkltslvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpnstnlyvdtalnpdpkvsqsvavfdlndldapfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqqsalvivddktlelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvtsidtarflhdggwdvnkryfltaanqsnkivvvdsrtgkltslvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpnstnlyvdtalnpdpkvsqsvavfdlndldapfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqqsalvivddktlelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedienlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavvdtkddklvalfesggiephpgrganlvhpehgpvwvtshlgdeivsligtdpvnhpdkawtvvetlegqgggsllvkthpnstnlyvdtplnpeaevsssiavfdinnleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagtevwfsvwnaqdqesaivivddktrtlkhvirderlvtptgkfn
>Prosthecomicrobium_hirschii  coded_by=complement(4011314..4012918),organism=Prosthecomicrobium hirschii,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mkrlrssperaaaatlwlalatavagaaepatgasdgpmpdaaalyathcaachgetrlggqgpallpvslgrlkpadiartiangraatqmpafadsldkgeiaalaafvgkppavtpawteadirasrilhpapaatepvfdadplnlfvvveagdhhvsildgdrfttlarfpsryalhggpkftpdgrfvffgsrdgwiskydlwtlttvaevraginmrnialsadgrwiaaanylpgtlvllsaetlepvrifeagdarkapsrvsavyqapdrnsfiaalkdvpeiweiatdpaaapvftglvhnyekgmaealpasaglfalrriaveepvddfffdrgyrhllgaardggralvvnlnvgrtvatvpmpgmphlgagigftwqerrviaaphlsegrisiidtadwsvvktietagpgfflrshedtpyiwadammskasdgmqiidkrtlevvrvlkpapgkiaahtefdrsgrhalvsvwdadgalvvydaatleertrlpmrkpvgkynvfnkirfsegtsh
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvpmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtleprkvvstrgmvvgtgeyhpeprvaaivgshyhpdflinvketgkvllvnysslkalsvtsietarflhdggfdstgryfmsaanasnkiavidtkrrklvkivevgttphpgrganfdhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpsghpqyawkvvqvlegqgggslfvkthptsknlyvdtplnpeaevsssvavfdltdpakeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaivivddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpgfivnvketghillvdysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryflttanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpivewaelgpgptrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsvwkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkviedkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdhtdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkeyklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtaieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyevvpigqmsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtaieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyevvpigqmsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtaieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyevvpigqmsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplnvtsvlgnavdtnepldevrvaaivashndpvwvmglkesghvgivdysqegfpltakipaerflhdggfdhtkryfmiaannrnkmvvvdlenqelvttfetghrphpgrganwqdpeygwvngtihigqgllsvygadpearpdvawqvvreveldgtgslflkthenspwvwmdmpmnnspegtrqvcvyskadgdiercwlvsdhgaavhfeynragdevwvsvwdrageiviyddatleekhriiadwlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavadskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>Sulfuricella_denitrificans_skB26  coded_by=26985..28715,organism=Sulfuricella denitrificans skB26,definition=cytochrome c, class I:cytochrome d1, hemeregion
mkerynnllrlavlatlplaiqfanadatpqhddkvmaeyqtaggsplesvpmhqdinpkapkmshdefekakkiffercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditldksleylkafikygspagmpnwgtagiltddevdlmaryvqqtppappefgmpemmaswkvtvpvdkrpkkkmnnlnlenlfsvtlrdageialidgdskkivsilntgyavhisrmsasgrymfvigrdakinlidlwmehpdtvaeikigmearsvesskfkgyedkyaiagaywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdkqvyhpeprvaaivsshfnpefyvnvketgqvyavnyedlnnlkikmidaapflhdggfesthryfmdaanasnkiavidtkegkltklvevgktphpgrganfidpefgpvwatghlgdekitligtdplkhpkqawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpksrnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsiavwdinnmnkgyealpigewaglkdgpkrvvepeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Sulfuricella_denitrificans_skB26  coded_by=2155310..2157040,organism=Sulfuricella denitrificans skB26,definition=cytochrome c, class I:cytochrome d1, heme region
mkerynnllrlavlatlplaiqfanadatpqhddkvmaeyqtaggsplesvpmhqdinpkapkmshdefekakkiffercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditldksleylkafikygspagmpnwgtagiltddevdlmaryvqqtppappefgmpemmaswkvtvpvdkrpkkkmnnlnlenlfsvtlrdageialidgdskkivsilntgyavhisrmsasgrymfvigrdakinlidlwmehpdtvaeikigmearsvesskfkgyedkyaiagaywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdkqvyhpeprvaaivsshfnpefyvnvketgqvyavnyedlnnlkikmidaapflhdggfesthryfmdaanasnkiavidtkegkltklvevgktphpgrganfidpefgpvwatghlgdekitligtdplkhpkqawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpksrnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsiavwdinnmnkgyealpigewaglkdgpkrvvepeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggspfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevhqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpeagisqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>Oleispira_antarctica_RB-8  coded_by=complement(2455749..2457380),organism=Oleispira antarctica RB-8,definition=Nitrite reductase
mkklkfglsviglaigmatagvstaapakgptlsekvfeetsllyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgknlepestltkgqvrlekiiaygteggmnnfddifskeqiknlatfiqmeppvppemslaqmksftkefvapkdyptkplhgrnwknffvvierdagtaaiidgdtkeiithintgyavhvikgtehhktehpkdevgrfwytigrdgkvnkidlwqtpekmlvaetkmaydardiavsgdgkyviaggywpphfvimdavtldplkvvstrgyntkgdyinearvaaiytspiqssfivavketgqmlqvdyndldnltitsmasaeflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvidtktrklekmidvaklphpgpganwideecgpvggtthlgegsvsiwgndpighpdqawklcyevetdgpgvfirthetsdyvwvdqlkhpepevqqsvqvfdkktheivktirvteeegkaalhmefnddgtevwvsvwnrvdasnptgeivvydaktleekhrikglttptgkfnvynrmnhkt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivsargmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkmhpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhreprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpksaniyvdtplnpvaelsssvavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivivddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._FH4  coded_by=165647..167107,organism=Pseudomonas sp. FH4,definition=c-type cytochrome (NirN)
mkrlwllpllwasaahgapdaaadyqqhcqschginrvgssgpallpeslgrikpaeirqvieqgrpasqmaafaplltaqqidglvsflqqppatpatwneqdmrsshrqladlsqlpstpqhradplnlfvvvesgdhhidildgdrfevldrfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnlmliaeiraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktlptgsrvsavytapprqsfivalkdvnevwelsyapalpnfeprriqaqdvlddfsfspdyrqllatsrkagggqvidldsgqvvtnialagmphlgsgtywqrngqwvfatpniskgqisvldlktwklikqiptlgpgffmrshsnsryvwsdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdregalivydsqtlqevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Thauera_terpenica  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Thauera terpenica,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
simdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgdyhpeprvasivasmqkpewvvnvketgqillvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpdfgpvwatghlgdavvslistasddakyakykannwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaesvfvfdrndlskapvridvakdsglpegkairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnv
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepikivstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnidalsvttldaarflydggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskereiealidapkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwltsslgnenmtfigtdpvghkdnawkvvrtlksqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdntlnpgaeisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrklknvikderlitptgkfn
>Acidithiobacillales_bacterium_SG8_45  coded_by=complement(10951..12627),organism=Acidithiobacillales bacterium SG8_45,definition=nitrite reductase
mfvgpvvaaskgehpgtpeeelrykgapvpikpgeakdvvspkapalspsefarakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlkrgteflkvfinygspagmpnwgtsgemsakdidimarflqheppmppefgmkemmaswklivppskrptkqmnsynlknvfsvtlrdtgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrlstsgrylyvigrdakinlidlwmkkpdnvaeikvgmearsvetskykgyedkyaiagsywppqytimdgdtlkprkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkilmvdysdlenlkvttinaarflhdggwdsthryfltaannsnkiavvdsktdklaalidvgkiphpgrganfkdpkhgrvwatshlgdetiavigtdprkkgsawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtplnpdtkisqsvavfdlknidkpfkvlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpeyneagnevwfsvwsgakqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrivtptgkfnvyntmhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltiastrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdslkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnriavidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganitdpqygpvwitsalgnenitfvstdpegnaehawkvvrelsgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsiavfdvnnldagyevlpigewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Streptococcus_pneumoniae  coded_by=complement(60600..62312),organism=Streptococcus pneumoniae,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mkkpllagfvagfsllalgiaqaqnnpedkaeaaykgqasavdpasaqvvhspgapdltsaefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmkemknswnvlvkpedrpkkqmnklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwgkepvkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvmlvnyedinnltttmigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdakisqsaavfdisnleggykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngqeeesaivvvddktlelktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvdysdidalktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskeqelaalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpeghgqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdtgnlqagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrivqpeynkdgdevwfsvwngkdqrsavvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvdysdidalktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskeqelaalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpeghgqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdtgnlqagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrivqpeynkdgdevwfsvwngkdqrsavvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpknawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddksrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpknawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddksrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpknawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddksrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpknawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddksrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpknawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddksrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Gammaproteobacteria_bacterium_SG8_31  coded_by=41435..43123,organism=Gammaproteobacteria bacterium SG8_31,definition=nitrite reductase
mvrsgaglgdraagerhpgtpegemryqgapsaiapeearqmmaadgpqltteeyetatrlffercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdvtrekgteylkalitfgspggmpnfgssgeledehihilarflqqeppappefgmeemkatwrvlvaadqrpakprhdrnidnffavtlrdsgqvaiidgdtkdivsivetgyavhisrpsasgryvytigrdglvnmidmymdppqtvakiriglearsietskytgyedkfaiagaywppqyvimkgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysnvdslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrtqryfltaanksdkiavvdsldrnlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpkygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpvghsgnawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpnsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfntdnleagyeilpiadwaglgdgpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpdiitptgkfniyntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivstrgftvdgeyhpearvasivssphkpewvvnvketgqiklvdysdiknlkettiesskflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnqvavvdtkegklaaivdtkpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgsdvvtligtdpekhpqyawkvveelnnhgsgslfvkthpasknlwvdaplnpeteiaesvsvfdlndpkkpaeviniakladlpagkavkrvvhgeynakgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrkvktvlkdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegeslkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>Chromobacterium_sp._LK11  coded_by=40313..41995,organism=Chromobacterium sp. LK11,definition=nitrite reductase
mkspkqslftkgallallplaaapvwadtaappageamhqnanakappmteaeftrgkqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditlargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgefndqqvdlmaryvqqepptppefgmqdmlatwkvqvpvdkrprrkenqldisnlfsvtlrdageialidghskqivsviktgyavhisrlsksgrylyvigrdgkinlvdlwmakpdsvaeiriglearsvetskyrgyddklavagaywppqyvimdgaslkplkivgtrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnaketgkimmvdysdlanlktttidaakflhdggfdasgryfmvaanasnkvavvdtkldklaalvdvgktphpgrganftdpqygpvwatshlgddsislvgtdpekhkaqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpqsanlwvdtvfnpdaklsqsvavfdikhldkgfsmlpigewsglsdgakrvlqpefnkagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgvtlepikvvstrgmivdtgefhpeprvaaivashfhpefvitvketgkilmvnysdienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaantrdtvvvvdtktrklvkliktgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpvkhpqhawkvvqtlegqgegslfikthpksnnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvvvfdinnldkpykvipvgtwsgisdgvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsmneqsaivviddrtrkvkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgvtlepikvvstrgmivdtgefhpeprvaaivashfhpefvitvketgkilmvnysdienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaantrdtvvvvdtktrklvkliktgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpvkhpqhawkvvqtlegqgegslfikthpksnnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvvvfdinnldkpykvipvgtwsgisdgvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsmneqsaivviddrtrkvkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgvtlepikvvstrgmivdtgefhpeprvaaivashfhpefvitvketgkilmvnysdienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaantrdtvvvvdtktrklvkliktgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpvkhpqhawkvvqtlegqgegslfikthpksnnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvvvfdinnldkpykvipvgtwsgisdgvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsmneqsaivviddrtrkvkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgvtlepikvvstrgmivdtgefhpeprvaaivashfhpefvitvketgkilmvnysdienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaantrdtvvvvdtktrklvkliktgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpvkhpqhawkvvqtlegqgegslfikthpksnnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvvvfdinnldkpykvipvgtwsgisdgvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsmneqsaivviddrtrkvkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgvtlepikvvstrgmivdtgefhpeprvaaivashfhpefvitvketgkilmvnysdienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaantrdtvvvvdtktrklvkliktgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpvkhpqhawkvvqtlegqgegslfikthpksnnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvvvfdinnldkpykvipvgtwsgisdgvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsmneqsaivviddrtrkvkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdvnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkmvalvdapkvphpgrganiidpkygpvwvtsglgnenitfigtdpkkhakhawkavrvlkgpgggslfvkshpksknlwvdvplnpdaklsqsvgvydikkldkgfkllpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwngkeqqsaivvvddktrklkkvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkfavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnlevgyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>841,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
mgcntletvkivstlgidedtleyhpeprvdanvashehpefivniketgkillvnyddvdnlsvitipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnmiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddntrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=288..2006,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=hypothetical protein
mttrklarlaalalstlalaaaaqhkdgatdpevkyqagsspladvpmyqstnpkapkmtqaefdrarqtyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlakgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwqtsgemdeatvdlmaryiqhdaptppewsladtkktwkvtvapkdrptkkmnnynienifsttlrdtgeialidgdtkeiisiiktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmvdlwmakpdsvaevriglearsvetskakgykdklviagaywppqftimdgdtlepkkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasilgshykpefivnvketgktlmvdysnldalkiteigsapflhdggldaskryfmvaannsnkiaaidtkdgklagltdvgkiphpgrganfthpqfgpvwstghlgddtisligtdpkkfkqyafkevaklkgpgggalfvkshpksknlwsdaplnpdpkisqaivvydinnldkgyktlpiaewadlkddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktlklkkvikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasherpefivnvketgkillvdyadldnlkvtsidaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdskegdlealidvgqiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatshlgdqtialigtdpkkhekyawkmvesidgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtalnpdtkisrtvavydidnldkgyqvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdetsaivvvddktlkpkqvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgytleprqivstrgmtadtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavidskkrnltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpkkhkknawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkmsqsvavydidnldkgfevlpiaewagvgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvkeagkillvnyedldnlavttipaarylhdggwdkthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrdlealidvtkiphpgrganfthpkhgpvwatsalgnenitligtdpnkhadnawkvveilkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtiavydinnldkgfdvlpiaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteesarvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>Anaerolinea_thermophila_UNI-1  coded_by=3057938..3060007,organism=Anaerolinea thermophila UNI-1,definition=nitrite reductase
mrrffflwfvivsalalaacgekaapaappptqesasappalysaelarqafqkggcgachvipgvegaggtigpdltgiaqtaqghlekgnykgkaksvaeflaesirqpdvfvapdcngspcqkglmpaslsnlyneeeiqamvqflmnppqeesdkeekptqiseaqpaagnapalsdeefawakqvyfercagchgtlrkgatgpaltpdktqpkgtlalaaiifngtprgmpdwgkqgfftqeqteimakflqnappappemaleqmkaswkvlvppeqrptspqtqrdwenyfivtlrdagqvavidgdtyevvstvdtgyavhitrmsasgryayvigrdgklamvdlwtekptkvaevqvcydarsvevskyngelgnfsdkyaavgcywpphfvildgqtlepfkvvstrsytfdteeyhpeprvasivastykpewiinvketgliwlvnyadpnnptikmieaarflhdggwdatkryflvaanqsnkiavvdalegklaalvdtpavphpgrganwvdpefgpvwstshlgegaivsigtdpeghpdsawkavrvtplpgagslfikthpnsqwiwvdmalnsdpalartvcvvaksdptrvhkcweiaaygravhmeynkqgtevwisvwgdaskpgetgeivvyddatlqekaripnlitptgkfnvyntvhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvildgdtlepmkvvgtrgytydtneykdetrvasivsshnapewvlnlketgvvllvdyskmeddvvietkinaerflhdggwdstkryflvaanardtisvidtvdrklvaniitgtkphpgrganwvdpefgnvwatvhlgeglvsiistdpkkdyawtvvrewelggnslfikthpestnvycdntinqeksnvltvfdinkpeaapkeivfkkkvvhmeynkagdevwislwdpegevvilddktlkekarikgldsptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_kilonensis  coded_by=complement(12493..14172),organism=Pseudomonas kilonensis,definition=nitrite reductase
mlishkkswalrvtalctalaaphafadqnaapeqprvvktegapdlsqadfdsakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetrktwkvlvkpedrptrqistlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvkhpqyawkqvstlqgqgggslfikthpasrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrdlealidvekiphpgrganltdpdygpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghpdhawkvvrvldgqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfnvdnldagyevlpiaawaelgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdgsivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfdisnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsvkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsvkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_sp._SK-4  coded_by=154839..156338,organism=Cupriavidus sp. SK-4,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mktvlrwlvaltyacaaqatmaadpaavysqhcaachgadrlgamapallpeslerlraseldqvlhdgraatqmpaftgtlaepdlqalarwlrtapaavpqwhaeairashivhhapgslparpvfsadpqnlfvvveagshhmtvldgdrlapvhrfatrfalhggpkfsrdgryvymasrdgwiskydlwnlayvaeirvgvntrnvavsddgrwvlagntlprtlvllnaedlslarvidvrgrngeasrvsavydaaprhsfiaalkdiaevweipyadaagaplpalaprvvvlddvlddfffdqsyrhilgasrkgggqvidlqqgrkvaalalggmphlgsgitwqrdgrevmaspdlgqgritvidmqdwhtvatvptngpgfflrshentpyawadammspkrdtlhvidkqslqvvgsvtpspgrtaahveftrdgryalvslmerdgaiviydaatlqevkrlpmdkpigkynvfnkttrsagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkptalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdledekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppryvimegetlepmkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnyadienltvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpgrganfthpefgpvwatsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdhawkvvqvvsgqgggslfikthpnstnlwvdtplnpeaaisqsiavfdvnnleagfevlpigewagvvdgakrvvqpeynqqgdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkviksdrvitpsgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyqdvenlsvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrildgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwadaplnpdetisqsvavfdinnldagfvrlpiaewadlgpgpkrivqpefnqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesalvvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavlddprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsawngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyaimkgdtleplkiqstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivavhekpefivnvketgkilvvdytdinnlktteigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmvaanqsnkvavvdsktnklaslvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhpksawkvvqsltaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdlksldkpfvvlpigewagvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlvtptgkfn
>Rubrivivax_benzoatilyticus_JA2  coded_by=43596..45341,organism=Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2,definition=hydroxylamine reductase
mirktsvagaaalaallasagamaqgaasaaadthgtmppaqqsyqgapsplahepmhqstnpkapamteaefelgrktyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlakgtdylkvfisygspagmpnwltsgeldektvdimaryiqqeppqppefglaqmkqtwkvlvppekrptrkmnkfnidnifsttlrdageialidgdskqiisviktgyavhisrtsasgrylfvigrdakinmidmwmeqpetvaeirvglearsvetskykgyedklavagtywppqftimdgdtlepkkivatrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgktlmvdysnldalkmteigsapflhdggwdaskryfmvaanqsnkitvidakqgklaaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpvkhkpyafkevakltgqgggslflkshpksqhlyvdtplnpdpalsqsvavydvknldkgftvlpiaqwaglgddgakrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsaknkqsalvvvddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnifntqhdiy
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanlkmtvldsakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvknkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplhpdakisqsvvvydinklddkpqvidiaacakigddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanlkmtvldsakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvknkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplhpdakisqsvvvydinklddkpqvidiaacakigddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanlkmtvldsakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvknkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplhpdakisqsvvvydinklddkpqvidiaacakigddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanlkmtvldsakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvknkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplhpdakisqsvvvydinklddkpqvidiaacakigddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanlkmtvldsakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvknkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplhpdakisqsvvvydinklddkpqvidiaacakigddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanlkmtvldsakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvknkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplhpdakisqsvvvydinklddkpqvidiaacakigddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdysdlanlkmtvldsakflhdggfdstgryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvknkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplhpdakisqsvvvydinklddkpqvidiaacakigddgakrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF18  coded_by=142747..144228,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF18,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrlislalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdvdslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvsflstnpkgndawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdindlsagfkklpiaewadigdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrelkavikdpalvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdvdslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvsflstnpkgndawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdindlsagfkklpiaewadigdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrelkavikdpalvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganledpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkgrpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpssnnlwvdaplspdesisqsvavfdvsdldagfvklpiaawadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkavirdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytlmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdaqygpvwvtsalgndkitliatdpvhhkdnawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkshpkshhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdttnleagyqvlpiaewanlgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytlmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdaqygpvwvtsalgndkitliatdpvhhkdnawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkshpkshhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdttnleagyqvlpiaewanlgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpthgavwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvnrpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewanlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrklkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>Thalassobacter_arenae_DSM_19593  coded_by=complement(46488..48242),organism=Thalassobacter arenae DSM 19593,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mksttarqrvsllasaavalgltvtsisaqdkpadhadtaadryvpsmttlgeinveipgrkpgdpvmtdeefqqatttyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditrdlgfeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgdmteadvdlmaryvlleppappefgmedmraswkvhvepadrpteklndwdidnlfsvtlrdsgeialidgstyeikkiletgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdakvnmidlwmedpdtvaeikvgaearsvetskfegyedkyaiagaywppqfvimdgdtleplrikstrgmtydeqtyhpeprvaailgshykpeflvnvketgkimmvdysdidalkvteinaerflhdggldstqryfltaanargkvvvidtkesklvavietegetphpgrganiihptygpvwatshlgddtvaligtdpeghpehawkmvhqlyalgggslfvkthpesehlyvdatlnpdaetsgsvavfkvsdlteeepeyttlpivewagiaegqprvvqgefnkagneiwfsvwnakdlesaivvvddktlelkhvikdprlitptgkfnvyntradvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvgtrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivaseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggfdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdlktgklaalvntakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddpkyaaykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpvskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pwppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnygdvdnlgvtdieaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrelealvdvekiphpgrganiddpefgrvwvtgalgnanitflgtdpegnpdyawkvvrvlqgmgggsifvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsiavfdinnldagfvklpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesalvivddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-91  coded_by=complement(732..2456),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-91,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrtiesiaglfaataltltmssafaeegkksvtpaevkyqaagsplasepmhqsidpkapamtkaefdkarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdktlasgtdylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgeltddevdlmaryiqqepptppefsmadmkktwkvlvppekrptrkmnnynldnifsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwmekpdnvaelkiglearsvdtskfkgfedklaiagsywppqyvimkgdtleplriaatrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkillvdysdlkalktteidaarflhdggwdmskryfmvaanqsnkiaavdakegklaalievgkiphpgrgatfvdpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpakhpkeawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpkssnlyvdtplnpdtavsqsvavfdiknldkpykvlpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktlklkavikdkrlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-91  coded_by=complement(732..2456),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-91,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrtiesiaglfaataltltmssafaeegkksvtpaevkyqaagsplasepmhqsidpkapamtkaefdkarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdktlasgtdylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgeltddevdlmaryiqqepptppefsmadmkktwkvlvppekrptrkmnnynldnifsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwmekpdnvaelkiglearsvdtskfkgfedklaiagsywppqyvimkgdtleplriaatrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkillvdysdlkalktteidaarflhdggwdmskryfmvaanqsnkiaavdakegklaalievgkiphpgrgatfvdpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpakhpkeawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpkssnlyvdtplnpdtavsqsvavfdiknldkpykvlpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktlklkavikdkrlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpghgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpekrpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldsgfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>Ralstonia_eutropha_JMP134  coded_by=1742984..1744687,organism=Ralstonia eutropha JMP134,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mtafpnslknstmkakswrftalaalpltlwlshasadtpaaasatppmaatptltptefdharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrargseylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgdlsdsevdlmaryiqldpptppefsladieksrkdivpvakrparkmnqynldnlfsvtlrdagevalidgdskkiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarldlidlwlpkpdivaevkiglearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashfhpefvinaketgkimmvnyadlnnlktttidsakflhdggfdatgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvghkaqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtrnleagfqvlpvaewanlkgegakrvvqaeynkagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfnayntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnssdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpvghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqvgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
hwppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdmenltvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkvavvdsknrklvalvdvddiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnakismigtdpvkhpdhawkvvdvingqgggslfvkthprstnlwvdsplnpeaaisqsiavfdinnldagfqvlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrtlkkvikgdrvitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._2_1_26  coded_by=complement(7541..9247),organism=Pseudomonas sp. 2_1_26,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_19660  coded_by=complement(19514..21220),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 19660,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WS136  coded_by=complement(278773..280479),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WS136,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_18A  coded_by=complement(5652..7358),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 18A,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA042  coded_by=complement(577475..579181),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA042,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAK  coded_by=2242..3948,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAK,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH-10  coded_by=134866..136572,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH-10,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAK  coded_by=complement(55847..57553),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAK,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_138244  coded_by=4327..6033,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 138244,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_str._Stone_130  coded_by=151142..152848,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa str. Stone 130,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA45  coded_by=complement(171384..173090),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA45,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA21_ST175  coded_by=complement(242443..244149),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA21_ST175,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ATCC_14886  coded_by=complement(12772..14478),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 14886,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CIG1  coded_by=complement(10412..12118),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CIG1,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_YL84  coded_by=253852..255558,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa YL84,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB13  coded_by=complement(543718..545424),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB13,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_RP73  coded_by=complement(570328..572034),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa RP73,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=126696..128402,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA1R  coded_by=complement(4491936..4493642),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA1R,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DK2  coded_by=complement(570501..572207),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DK2,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C2159M  coded_by=1677712..1679418,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C2159M,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_c7447m  coded_by=complement(578371..580077),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa c7447m,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF18  coded_by=135239..136945,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF18,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C40  coded_by=complement(531672..533378),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C40,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH10  coded_by=complement(569574..571280),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH10,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF5  coded_by=complement(7757..9463),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF5,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA015  coded_by=201445..203151,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA015,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL23  coded_by=complement(313966..315672),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL23,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA020  coded_by=complement(523642..525348),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA020,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL10  coded_by=complement(7496..9202),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL10,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA016  coded_by=201202..202908,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA016,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF27  coded_by=200598..202304,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF27,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL19  coded_by=complement(525674..527380),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL19,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_X24509  coded_by=256194..257900,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa X24509,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA025  coded_by=129011..130717,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA025,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL12  coded_by=complement(598996..600702),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL12,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MSH3  coded_by=911135..912841,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MSH3,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4343..6049,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(2722450..2724156),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DSM_50071  coded_by=complement(568390..570096),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DSM 50071,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132302..134008,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=126638..128344,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA1  coded_by=complement(573151..574857),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA1,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132524..134230,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(3121150..3122856),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=128552..130258,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(609198..610904),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=1091650..1093356,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=130600..132306,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=5358625..5360331,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(573151..574857),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=126597..128303,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MRSN_321  coded_by=complement(515229..516935),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MRSN 321,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(567899..569605),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4261..5967,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH055  coded_by=complement(7518..9224),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH055,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3578  coded_by=complement(7434..9140),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3578,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3573  coded_by=complement(242658..244364),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3573,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH029  coded_by=complement(319616..321322),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH029,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3579  coded_by=complement(7434..9140),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3579,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3577  coded_by=complement(242609..244315),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3577,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH032  coded_by=complement(242602..244308),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH032,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvtfnglslepqdlvdlrtpagpggvmtdiygatilenrvaaiasshtrpiwvmglkesgyvgvvdyslpghpmvsklatekflhdggfdhtgkyfviaanssnkmvvidvdtpsfvtsfltgtrphpgrganwldpvygwvnatqhigdakisvygadpagrpdvawkvvreiampsagslfikthpnspwvlfdmtlssdptyqrqvcaiskqtatvdrcmtlatngkathmefnatgtevwvsdwataggvivldattlaekrriygaqtpsgqfvaptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdghtlepkqivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealvdateiphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpikhknnawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthpesanlwvdaplnpdttisqsiavfdinnldkgyeilpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvitdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdghtlepkqivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealvdateiphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpikhknnawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthpesanlwvdaplnpdttisqsiavfdinnldkgyeilpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvitdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashfkptfivnvketgkillveykdiknlevteigaarflhdggfdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsivligtdpekhpqqawkvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpkskhmyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdiehldkpaeilpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwnaknqesalviiddktlkmkqvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrittigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfvinvkdtgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyeglpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillanysdidnltvtdigaarffhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlsiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlsvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnskitmigtdpeghpeqawkavrviegqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtplnpeteisqsiavfdindldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpefnkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktpeaqnvikgphivtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlealsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshrgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlaiidakerklvalpevtkvphpgrganiddpeygpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpgnnpdhawkvvrvlagqgggslfvkshphssnlwvdtplnpdtsmsqsiavfdvndldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvfmdgptlkplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillanyedldnlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrqlealvdvekiphpgrganlndpqfgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdperhkdhawkvvrtlqgqgggslfvkshphstnlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavfdmskpegafevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnsggdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvfmdgptlkplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillanyedldnlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrqlealvdvekiphpgrganlndpqfgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdperhkdhawkvvrtlqgqgggslfvkshphstnlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavfdmskpegafevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnsggdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvlmtgdtlepvkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgkvlmvnyqdikslkvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkdnklvaliktggkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkknawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdldnldkpfevvnvgemsgltegvrrvvqgeynkqgteiwfsvwnskdqksaivviddktrklkkvirddrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgltlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshkhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlrvttidaarflhdggwdrsqryfltaanesdriavvdaqeqelealipveriphpgrganfihpeygpvwttsalgnanitligtdpdghpdrawkvvdvlrgqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpisewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmeeqsaivvvddrtrtlkqvikgdfmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivsshqrpeflvnaketgkifmvdytdldnlaikqldaarylhdggfdstrryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalievgktprpgrganfkdpkygpvwatsglgdesisiigtdpkghkknawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpksnnlwvdttlnpdakvsqsvavfdirdfskkpqiidiaacadlkddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsakdeqsaivvvddktrtcktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpvghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsppnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqvgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdvknlsvttidaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnrlavidsrerrlvalpevtqiphpgrganivdpefgpvwitsalgnanitfigtdperqrehawhvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdvndldagytvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddetrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqftimkgdtleplkivstrgntvdkqeyhpeprvasivanhykpefvvnvketgqtllvdysdvdalkittigtarflhdggfdstkryfmvaanqsnkiaavdmkegklvslidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdesisliatdpvkhkqyafkqvavlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdvknldkgyqvlpiaewaglkddgakrvvqpeynvagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgqvqr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedidnlktttisaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqklvalidaekiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgndhvtligtdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfavndleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkhvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvaddrtlelkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimngetleplkvvgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrvttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfldpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvrpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WC55  coded_by=33535..35241,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WC55,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrsdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=1..1707,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrate reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrsdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA028  coded_by=complement(586420..588126),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA028,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrsdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlapieivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheypefivnvketgkillvnyedpenltvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalidvtktphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpdghadnawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqaiavfdvndldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpdlit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmiydeqtyhpeprvasivashyrpefivniketgqillvdysdirnlkvttieaerflhdggfdsthryflvaanarnkiavidtkegklvalfdsqgqtphpgrganlmhptygpvwatthlgdetvaligtdpeghpdhawkvvqqlealgggslfvkshpnsghlyvdaplnpdaeisasiavfkvadmaaaepeytvlpigewagipegqprvvqgefnqegteiwfsvwnskdkvsaivvvddktlemkqvikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepvkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpeygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdsafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpghganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnhedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimhgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnykdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrnmealidvtkiphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwgtsalgnenitligtdpdkhadkawkvveilkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtvavfdinnldkgyevipvaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimhgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnykdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrnmealidvtkiphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwgtsalgnenitligtdpdkhadkawkvveilkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtvavfdinnldkgyevipvaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidskdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnekisflgtdpeghadnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpdsknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfntedlgagyvtlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgptiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvvmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedvrnlkvttieaarflhdggwdskqryfltaanqsskvavvdsreqkltalvdvktiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgdanisflgtdpeghpdfawktvrtlqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdpklsqsiavfdisnldagykvlpiaewakvgpgarrvvhpeynargdevwfsvwsgmkeesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvvmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedvrnlkvttieaarflhdggwdskqryfltaanqsskvavvdsreqkltalvdvktiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgdanisflgtdpeghpdfawktvrtlqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdpklsqsiavfdisnldagykvlpiaewakvgpgarrvvhpeynargdevwfsvwsgmkeesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvfmdgatleplkivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillanyedlenlsvttidaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsnkvavidskerrltalvdvekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtyigtdpdkhpqhawkavrvlqgqgggslfvkthpkshnlwvdtplhpdpkvsqsiavfdtrnpgagfvvlpvaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynadgtelwlsvwngkeqksalvviddktrklkkvikdprlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens  coded_by=complement(5670179..5671675),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrigwlapllwigavhaatapepdlalaernyqqhcqqchgvnrigaagpallpqslsrikpdeirqviehgrpasqmaafgavlepaqidglthylqrppaveptwseddtrrshrlladvatlpdkpqhhadplnlfvvveagdhhvdivdgdrfevlarfashfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnltliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgntlpgnvvvldardlslvktvatvgldgqasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelstgpnpdfvprrieaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldkgrivtdialpgmphlgsgtywkrdghwvfatpniskglisvidfdtwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshansryawtdvffgldndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgfnlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhheprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvvetlhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdikdlgkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddktrklktvikdkklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaalylhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerelealidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekvtligadpvkhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdagisqsvavydindldkgyvvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrelkkvikdpslitptgkfnera
>Natrinema_sp._J7-2  coded_by=complement(2988694..2990535),organism=Natrinema sp. J7-2,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mptmsrsespaesiaeqedrikrhlsasreiaerlefddelsfemglpspgrrtfiktsgvvaasaalagcagdddddgpestadeessdeetadaersetvqlaakqyefqpqeirvapnteltieftkatfeenddftmhtfyledpydigpielpentddelidsvtfvtdeegtfdfecsaycgdghaqmngqlyvvpegesvnevdftdmgtlkerheilkeerelaqepqhdldlrdimvvternnasvamidtvndrlmervenvgkaihvhdfhpelpeqtregayvytqsrqgemykidlfdfervavadagtdardiavsrdgnyviggfynpnhlvicdaetmepikripthtvnpdgkslgsrvcslydvpeeglflaglkeggevwlidytqedfpvvatiecgrtlhdgfftedgryfmiasqtdnqmdiidtqarshvaaipmngvphpgpgalypdedlaftthagspsvgvwntetweaekmidvrgsglfirkhehsdyvwadviltdseddayvytidpdtlevdqeidcsqwgaaaaihpefsrdgekvyisvwkgenesilvfdpntgelltqiedllaptgkflgvraegh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfadpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehtwkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfnikdleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmiydeqtyhpeprvaaiisshykpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlkvteigaerflhdggldstkryfltaanarnkvavidtkegsltamvetegatphpgrganinhptcgpvwatshlgddtvaligtdpeghpdhawkmvqqlyamgggslfvkthptsehlyvdaplnpdaevsgsvavfkiadlaqeepeftvlpivewagiadgqprvvqgeynqagneiwfsvwnaadlesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefvvnvketgkvlmvnysdldnlkitsiatarflhdggfdstgryfmdaanasniiavidtkesklvklievgttphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwatshlgdetisvigtdpeghpdqawtvvetiegqgggslfikthpnstnlyvdtplnpeaelsssiavfdtndlgkgyevlpigewsgidhgvrrvvqgeynvkgdevwfsvwngaeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Marinobacter_sp._AK21  coded_by=complement(1076..2590),organism=Marinobacter sp. AK21,definition=Nitrite reductase associated c-type cytochorome NirN
mharpspiralkpilalaistlvllpslaagsksteslyqkhcaschgaerlggmgpallpenlsrlrradaettiangrpatqmpafgdtldqgsitalaefiyqppavspewdrneiqsshllphpegslpdkpvykadmmnlflvveigdhhvtlmdgdrmepihrfqsryalhggpkyspdgryvyfgsrdgwitkydlynlkvvaevraginmrniavsadgqyvmaanylphslvlfdarnlelmdvipvendtgdssrvsavyaapprgsfiaalkdipeaweitvsdgkpdvrrmqtdtwlddfffdpdyqhvigaardgkrgyvinldtgktiaelplpgmphlgsgitweyqghrvmatphfrtgavsiidmdtweviktlktegpgffmrshenspyawvdvffgtnkdkvhiidkqsleivktlqpapgkvaahvefdrygkklllsiwdedgavivydaktleeekripmnkpsgkynvwnkthyeegtsh
>Pseudomonas_sp._Chol1  coded_by=1817..3340,organism=Pseudomonas sp. Chol1,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlavpraaaaeaadtaqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslgrikpteahkvirdgrpasqmaafssvldetqiaslvtylyqppatppswsdadirashrmladlaklpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhvtildgdrfepltrfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskydlhnltkiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavaedgtpsrvsavytapprnsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrikakdflddfsftpdyshllatsrqahggqvieldsgrvvtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpniskglisvldletwklikeiptqgpgffmrsqqnspyawtdvffgpnndvvhlidkqrlevahtlrpmpgkiaahveftndgryallsvwdkdgalivydantleeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_sp._Chol1  coded_by=2836..4359,organism=Pseudomonas sp. Chol1,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlavpraaaaeaadtaqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslgrikpteahkvirdgrpasqmaafssvldetqiaslvtylyqppatppswsdadirashrmladlaklpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhvtildgdrfepltrfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskydlhnltkiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavaedgtpsrvsavytapprnsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrikakdflddfsftpdyshllatsrqahggqvieldsgrvvtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpniskglisvldletwklikeiptqgpgffmrsqqnspyawtdvffgpnndvvhlidkqrlevahtlrpmpgkiaahveftndgryallsvwdkdgalivydantleeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkivstrgmpvgtqeyhpeprvaaivaphehpefivnvketgviklvnyedinnlqettieaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksnqvavvdsrdrklaalvdvtetphpgrganlddpthgpvwvtsalgnanitaigtdpkrhpdsawqvvwvlqgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdtplnpdpavsqsvavfdvenlgggfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrtlkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>917,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgttleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfkhpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmiatdpekhpehawqvvsvvrgqgggslfvkthpksdnlwvdtplnpeepisqsvavfginqldecpewkpaselaegeanscfevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeysddgkevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrklkkvikgdrivtptgk
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(110351..111832),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkptqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL13  coded_by=complement(574721..576202),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL13,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkptqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=139521..141002,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkptqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(524711..526192),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkptqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlkdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvgypdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpqssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiadwaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddrtrklkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqimlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnqygdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktlklkkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnykdidnlsittldaarflhdggwdathryfitaanqsnkiavvdskerkmvalvdadkiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhkdqawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdtplnpdpkasqtiavydinkldagykvlpiaewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivviddktlklkkvikgpgmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnykdidnlsittldaarflhdggwdathryfitaanqsnkiavvdskerkmvalvdadkiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhkdqawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdtplnpdpkasqtiavydinkldagykvlpiaewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivviddktlklkkvikgpgmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdslepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
pywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyqdidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdignldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtqepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakfltdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidakktphpgrganiqdpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnmdhawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsvavfdvndveagfqtlpiaawadlgegpkrvvqpeynlagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgarklvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=<1..1459,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
glllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsgprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashhhpefivniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkdnklvaliesggikphpgrganinhpkfgpvwvtshlgdevvsligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdinnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddkkrklkhvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarfphdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrgasfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgrillvnyediqnlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavidtkegkqvalidsqgikphpgrganfvhptygpvwstshlgdetisligtdpeghpdqawkvvetiegqgggslfikthpnsknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfnlddlsagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngkeeesaivvvddatrtlktvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskapkrldvakdsglpeskairsathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktqkqkneitdpaivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkimatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgkilavnyedidnvkvteigaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiavmdsktdklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesialigtdpagnaknawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpsaeisqsvavydinnldkpyevlnvaqmaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklkavikgkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskerdlealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygsvwatsalgnenitlistdpnkdhawtavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiadwaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsawsgkeqdsavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimqgdtlepqklvstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshekpefminvketgkvllvdysdfsnlkitsidaapflhdggwekthryfmsaanksnkiavidskegrlvklvdvgqiphpgrganftdpvngdvwatshlgddtvsliattganawtvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksrnlwvdtplnpsndisqsiavfdldnldkpfqtlpvaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktrklkqvindqrlitptgkfn
>Comamonas_denitrificans  coded_by=<1..>1349,organism=Comamonas denitrificans,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
eylktfiaygspagmpnwltsgefdeatvdlmaryiqhdaptppefsladmeatrkeyipvdkrptkkmnnynienifsvtlrddgtialidgdtkeiiniiktgyavhisrlsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwmekpdnvaeikvglearsvetskfkgwedkiaiagtywppqfvlmdgdtlkpkkvvgtrgmdinneyhpeprvaaivsshnkpeflvnaketgkvwmvdytdltnlkttqidtakylhdggfdasgryfmtaanasdkivvidtkeskleaivdvgkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatsdlgdegisligtdpkknkdhawkvvqtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgyqvidiaacaglkddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtcktvik
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssaavfkitdlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
adwarqwvsmdgdalkrvkvvatrgmtvdgeyraerrvasivsseikaewvvnikgtgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidvkkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistasddkknakykehnwkvvqeikhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnpekslaesvavwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgkevwislwgdktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsreqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehackvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdidnldatytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgaeiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivasheypefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtlvgtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindletgyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivasheypefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtlvgtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindletgyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlepltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsdriavvdskerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpdaaisqsvavydinnldagftvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgqdqqsaivvvddktrtlkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryslvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlnnlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklagmvdvgktphpgrganfvdpqngpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhqgkawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkgfemlpigewaglgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkphpksknlwvdaplnpdgaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgktleplrvvstrgvtyddqeyhpeprvasivashykpefivtvketgkvlmvdysdlasfsvttidaerflhdggfdstgryfmvaanardsiaiidtkerlligvvktgikphpgrganfvhprfgpvwatshlgdenisligtdykkhprhawkvvqtlagpgggslfikthpnsgnlwvdtplnsdpklyqsvgvfdisnldkgfetipvakwanvgegakrvvhgednkqgteiwfsvwngkkqesaivviddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>bacterium_symbiont_of_Nonionella_stella  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=bacterium symbiont of Nonionella stella,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvynaltleplvrqdlpmesiegetlkevrvasivsshfeplwvlsfkesgyvglvdysqegfplvkniaterflhdggfdhtgryflvaanasnkivvvdieeksfvasietgatphpgrganwedplygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpehhpehawtvvreielpsagtlflkthpnspwvlfdmtlstdkdkqicayskenptlkpercfdvaqngkavhfefnkdgsevwvsdwafdgsvivldgitlneikrvpglttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdvpmvdldgvtelpevrvasivashndpvwvialkesgyvgivdysdpagsdfpliktiptaralhdggfdhtgnyflvaanasnkmvvvdlqsqslaalidtgliphpgrgvnwfdpvygwvnatphlgegkvtvyradpvglpdvawqvvreielpsesslfikshpnspwvlvdmakpggsqkdicaiskatgtldrcfpvatngqavhmefnmygsevwvsdwatdgavvvldsetlteirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdftvnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdftvnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtqepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>836,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkqrvdvpmtdingvtlvenriasivashnnpvwvvsqkeagyvsivdysdpaglnfpivsniatakflhdggfdhtgnyflvaanasnkmvvvdlvsqslaatidtgaaphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgrpdvawqivreitlpssgslfikshpvspsvlvdmtlsatgdeqdicaiskatgaldrcfpvasngravhfefnmdgsevwvsdwdpngavivldsttlteirrfvnlqtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketgkilmvdysdienlsvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkiavvdsktrklaaiidvgqiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgddtiaiigtdpeknkqhawkmvesikgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtalnpdekvsqsvavfdinklekgfdvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynyagdevwfsvwngktqesalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvgqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggrdvtkryfltavnqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdtndleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpkghpehawkavgvlqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavfdindldagyavlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewviniketgqillvdysdiqnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsedkkfakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthlksknlwadspqnsdkdlaesvsvwdmsdlskpkailnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddetlklkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgttvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvretgrillvnysdienltvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerklvalvdvdeiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnakvsmigtdpvnhpdhawkvvdvvngqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeadvsqsiavfdinnleagydvlpigkwadlgpgpkrivqpeynkagnevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgdrvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimkgdtleplriqstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivavhekpefivnvketgkilvvdytdinnlktteigaarylhdggwdaskryfmvaannsnkiaavdsktnklaslidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhpksawkvvqsltaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdlknldkpfvvlpigewagvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepmkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedmanlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnklavvdtkdnklvalfesggttphpgrganfvhpihgpvwatshlgdeivslvgtdpvghadkawtvvqtlegqgggslfikthpvstnlyvdtplnpeaelassiavfdinnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwnskeqesaivvvddktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepmkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedmanlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnklavvdtkdnklvalfesggttphpgrganfvhpihgpvwatshlgdeivslvgtdpvghadkawtvvqtlegqgggslfikthpvstnlyvdtplnpeaelassiavfdinnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwnskeqesaivvvddktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasherpefiinvketgrillvdysdlaslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgadpeghpdnawktvrildgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmegdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklaamidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpkghpqhawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpaekisqsiavfdinkldkgykvlpiakwadlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktlklkkvikheslvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrtlvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdsawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvkeagkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddskfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaislsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvkeagkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddskfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaislsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_B1SMN1  coded_by=complement(629271..630779),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri B1SMN1,definition=c-type cytochrome
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldmasaatpddsqalyeqhcqachgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlndaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashriltdvatlpttpqhgadprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfedlanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvslydlhnltmlaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfqprrieaadflddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldngqavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydantleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmkgdtleplrvvstrgmtvgkqeyhpeprvasivashfkpeflvnvketgktmlvdytdlnalktteigsaqflhdggwdstkryfmvaannsnkiavidakegkltqlvevgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdenislvatdparhkqyafkevaqlkgqgggslflkshpksthlyvdtplnpeakisqsvavfdikaldkgyvvlpiaewagisdggamrvvhpefnkagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktlklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrcmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvnetgkillvnyedvenlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskegklaamvdvtkiphpgrganlvdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkdnawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntlepqkivstrgmtadtheyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkvllvnyqdvdnlsvttiptarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkvvvidskdrkmttmidvdkiphpgrganfvhakhgpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpvghpenawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpgekisqsiavfdttdldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalviiddktlklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>Thauera_sp._27  coded_by=169007..170689,organism=Thauera sp. 27,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mqnksligktlamailplamssawaqeapkltaeemeqgkliyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepawsktmpdgtkmeggtlklgtdrlekiiaygteggmvnyddiltpqeinlmaryiqveppippefslkdmkdswkllvpvdqrptkqmnkinlknvfavtlrdagklalidgdthqiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwfeepttvatirlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepykivstrgqtvdgdyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvketgmillvdytdinnlktttinsakflhdggwdmskryflvaanasnkvaavdtkdgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatghlgddvvslistahddkkfakfkehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnpereiaesvyvydltdlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlqlkkvitspemvtptgkfnvyntqfdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwflvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytlmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtsdgneyhpeprvaaivashyhpeflvnaketgvvhlvdysdlnnlkvkmiktprflhdggfestgryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegklaaeisvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwstshlgdetisligtdpvkhsqnawkvvqtlkgagggslflkthpksnnlwvdaplnpdpaisqsiavfdinnlekgfellpigewagvkpgakrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwssgseesaivvvddktrklkavikdarvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgetleplkiistrgntvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysdltnlsvttidaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanksntiavidsknrkleklvevgeiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshfadasismigtdpakhpeyawkvagklegagggslfikthphsrnlwvdtplnpnaessqsiavfdldhldkgfqvlpiakwadlgsegvqrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngakeksaivvvddktrklktvikderlitptgkfn
>Azoarcus_sp._PA01  coded_by=536932..538665,organism=Azoarcus sp. PA01,definition=nitrite reductase
mginrnrisgvfllasvplamsqvfaqantaehvgeaeakyqaggspladvemyqdinpdapkitkaefakaqniyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlgkgseylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgeltdeevdlmaryiqqsppqppefglaqmketwkvivppeqrpkkkmndynisnifsttlrdtgeialidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeiriglearsvdtskykgyedkyaiagaywppqfvimngdtlepqkivstrgltvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfkpefvvnvketgktlmvdysdlqnlktteigsapylhdggwdaskryfmvaanqsnkvaaidakdgklaglidvgkiphpgrganfthptygpvwatghlgddtialigtdpekhkqyawkmvdtlksqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdnplhpdakvsqtvavydltnlqgglkvlpiaewaelkddgakrvvqpeynkdgnevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddttlelktvikdpklitptghfniyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtlepvkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdihniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkrhfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytlmdgntleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdaenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrerklvalpdvtkiphpgrganivdpsygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghaghawrvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpasknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdisnldagytvvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynadgsevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkrvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
rdspqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnrltvidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganitdpeygpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpennpdhawqvvrelsgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpdtgmsqsiavfdvnnldagyevlpiaewadvgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddttrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstlkpikivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidsrnrrlvalpevtqvphpgrganiedpkfgpvwitsalgnanitfigtdperhrdhawhavrvlqgqgggslfvkshpnsrnlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdvndldagyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvhpeynmdgsevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddatrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1  coded_by=complement(2455636..2457177),organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mkrllslgllmlatpalatdvnrlytetcaachgadrlgaigpallpenlgrlkqaeaekvvaegrdatqmpafkdqlsaeqikalvklvyspvpalplwgaeeikashlevtkaadlpakppfkadplnlftvveggdhhvsivdgdhmkplyrfqsrfalhggakyspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskvdmwtgklmaeiragintrnvavsddgrflmvgnvlphtlvaldasdlslmqvipvegdgktsrvsavytapprhsfivalrdleeiweipyaddaapvinglahsrekgqeegvspqgrfgalrirtpdylddfffdpgyervmgasrdgkkgmvvdldlkrkvadldlggmphlgsgivfkqgdrylmatphlkeamvsiidmttwetvkriptlgpgffmrghenspyawvdvsmgkekdamqiidtrtleivktirpapgkltrhvefnrdgsklllslsekdgavmvldaktfaeekrlpmsapigkynvwnkinyssgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdgswdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgptleplrivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashytpefivnvketghtllvnyedvdnlrvtdigterflhdggldstgryflvaanarhrlavidtkegrlealiesegltphpgrganlehpeygpvwatshlgdevisligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpepeiagsvavfeiddldeeedeieyevlpigewsgidegqrrivqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnaqdqqsaivivddktlqlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimagdtleprkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlqvttipaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkiavvdsrtrrlaalvdakeiphpgrganlkdpdngpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpvnnsgkawtavrtlqgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpapeisqsvavfdtrdlskgfevvpigewsgisegarrvvqpeynkagdevwfpvwngkeqtsaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>Candidatus_Methylomirabilis_oxyfera  coded_by=complement(2073164..2074804),organism=Candidatus Methylomirabilis oxyfera,definition=Nitrite reductase, cytochrome cd1 type
mttrtkltvltvalgmlwtvpvlaaeappalppapplapgeleaakqiyfdrcagchgvlrkgatgpqllpaktralttpvlkafivngtgggmpdwgrqgiltdaesdlmaryiqhdpptppelsmadmkkswnlivppdkrptkpehnrdwqnffavtlrdagqvaiidgdtkeivntvktgfavhisrssfsgrymytigrdgratmidlwmkvpdkiaeikpcsdarsidtskykgklgdftdklavigcywppqiivtdgntleplkvissrsmtydtmeyhpeprvasivashfkpewviniketgliwlvdysdlknlkmtqiqgekflhdggwdstkryfmvaanmankvvvidvekgkleaifesgikphpgrganwidpkfgpvngtphlgegkiavygtdpakhkesawkkvrdlktlgggglfikthpksknvwvdhalngdpaiqkqvcvfekanpekdpkcwkvsdkgravhfefnkagdevwisvwgkkdgkseivvyddktlqekariddpriitptgkfnvyntvkdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvdysdvqalgvttieaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkvaiidskdrkltalvdvktiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpvnhpehawkavgvlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdinnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynrkgdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvvvddktrklkkvikgsevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywlpqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghtqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwlsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkrylltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshprstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvkeagkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldegpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvkeagkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldegpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpkfivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavydvgnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpkfivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavydvgnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpkfivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavydvgnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Marinobacter_hydrocarbonoclasticus_ATCC_49840  coded_by=3151696..3153210,organism=Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus ATCC 49840,definition=nirN precursor
mnlnqaranltttlliagaliagpalaeqannhstetlylqqcaachgpdrlggmgpallpenlgrlkkteaerviregrpatqmagyktilndqqiaeltdfiyqppshelkwgeaeirnsrevshpqgslpdepvfeadlmnlflvveigdhhvtlldgdkmepihrfpsrfalhggpkyspdgryvyfgsrdgwitkydiynlkvvaevraginmrniavsadgnyvlaanylphtmvlfdaadlemldfipvendadessrvsavyaapprdsfiaalkdipeawevtvenreakvrrmttdtllddfffdpgyqhligaardgkhgvvidldtgktsaelplpgmphlgsgitwehegrrvmatphfragaisiidmetweviktlktegpgffmrshensryawadvffgpnadkvhiidkqtleivktlqpepgkvaahvefdrhgeklllsiwdndgaiivydadtleeekripmnkpsgkynvwnkihyeegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimngdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefiinvketgkimmanyedinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsshryfmsaanasnkiavvdskdqelealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsiavtgtdpknhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslfikthpksknlwvdstlnpdagisqsiaifditnldkapevvniadlaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevrfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdqrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._Chol1  coded_by=complement(59502..61214),organism=Pseudomonas sp. Chol1,definition=nitrite reductase
mrkpllaglvagfsllalgvaqaqdtaedkaqaaykgqastvdpasaqvvrspgapdlsagefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmaemknswkvlvkpedrpkkqmndldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgetkkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwakeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetlqplqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkillvnykdidnltttsinaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavvdskerklsalvevgkiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatshlgdesisligtdpknhpqyawkhvdtlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdakvsqsaavfdisnleagfkvlpigewaglkdgakrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktlklktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_TS44  coded_by=complement(307720..309432),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri TS44,definition=nitrite reductase
mrkpllaglvagfsllalgvaqaqdtaedkaqaaykgqastvdpasaqvvrspgapdlsagefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmaemknswkvlvkpedrpkkqmndldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgetkkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwakeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetlqplqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkillvnykdidnltttsinaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavvdskerklsalvevgkiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatshlgdesisligtdpknhpqyawkhvdtlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdakvsqsaavfdisnleagfkvlpigewaglkdgakrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktlklktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlkvttigaarylhdggwdatkryfltaanksdkiavvdskegkltalvdvekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitaiatdpvkhkehawkavhvlegqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqsvavfdvenlgkgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkllvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgntlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttidsarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkivvidskerklvampdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfvgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdinnlaagyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynrdgsevwfsvwsgmtqesalvvvddktrklkqvikgdqvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgntlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttidsarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkivvidskerklvampdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfvgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdinnlaagyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynrdgsevwfsvwsgmtqesalvvvddktrklkqvikgdqvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgntlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttidsarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkivvidskerklvampdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfvgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdinnlaagyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynrdgsevwfsvwsgmtqesalvvvddktrklkqvikgdqvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgntlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttidsarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkivvidskerklvampdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfvgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdinnlaagyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynrdgsevwfsvwsgmtqesalvvvddktrklkqvikgdqvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpegnadnawktvrvlqgmgggslfvkshptstnlwvdaplnpdeafsqsiavfdinnldtgfevlpigewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddetrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmanykdinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavidskdqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpkkhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpdtgisqsvaifdignldkapqvvniaelaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Caenispirillum_salinarum_AK4  coded_by=complement(130256..131821),organism=Caenispirillum salinarum AK4,definition=Nitrite reductase associated c-type cytochorome NirN
mgvrllvaasaavlalavaaraaepdaarlytencaachggdrlgaigpallpqnlgrlkrdeavdvilhsrpasqmpafsdtlseadaqaladyifappealpdwglaeiaashirhadlaalpeapvfdadplnlfsvvesgdhhvsvldgdtferlarfesrfalhggikyspdgrfaymasrdgwvsmydlyslqmvaevragintrniavsgdgkwvavgntlpgtvvildaadltphrvipvvgdrgetsrvsavyaapprdsfivalkdlpevweipyvkpkkphypglvhnyepgmvealgvkdqafqarriklddylddfffsqdyqnlmgaarngrngqvvnlivgrkiadiplsgmphlgsgitfdwhgrrvmaspnlkeakitvldmetwevvteletlgpgffmrshansphafadvffgpnrdavhvidkesleivetlrprpgqtvahaeftddgryvllsvmeddgallvydaatlelvkelpmrrpvgkynvankiryeegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvdysdienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsshryfltaanksnqiavvdskdrslaalvevekiphpgrganindpkygpvritsclgndniaaigtgpaehkqhawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkthpnsknlwvdtplnpdeaisqsvavfdvdnpgkgykvvkvaamaklgkgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaiviiddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Persephonella_marina_EX-H1  coded_by=281816..283459,organism=Persephonella marina EX-H1,definition=nitrite reductase (Cytochrome cd1) (Cytochromeoxidase) (Hydroxylamine reductase)
mkvsrslttflsaatvasfltvavtaanagpppltkeemkkasqiffdrcagchgmlrkgatgpaltpealkkkgyntevleafiyngtpggmpdwgkqgvlskseinllarflqheppsppemsladmkrswkvfippekrpkrpqhnlnwknffgvilrdvgkvaivdgdtkklvnivdtgfavhilrssasgrymysigrdgkatvidlwlkkpdkvaevktcydarsidtskyhgyedkyavigcywppsfvvvdgetlepkkivstssyyydtqefvrearvasivsshydpiwvlnikeagqvwlvdyskvdkgtvkidmidaerylhdggwdlskryflvaanmrntivvidtkdkelealikvgtkphpgrganidhpkygpiwctghigekrvacigtdpeghpeyawkvvkwfnlpgegggnlfikthpnskylladrplnpdpelkrsifvfdkvtfklvktlkipskyknvravheefnedgsefwisvwgkkdyptailvydaktlklkkeitgdwvrtptgkfnvtntmkdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidakerklvalpevtkvphpgrganimdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpgnnpdhawktvrvlagqgggslfvkshphssnlwvdtplnpdvgmsqsiavfdvndldagyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvhpeynkdgdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvkeagkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketskilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdakegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgnaleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Acidovorax_delafieldii_2AN  coded_by=47171..48904,organism=Acidovorax delafieldii 2AN,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mttrklarlaalalstlalaamaqhkegatapevnyqagsspltdtpmyqstnpkapkmtqaefdrarqtyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlakgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwqtsgefteadvdlmaryiqqdppqppewsmadmkktwkvtvapkdrptkkmnnynisnifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkqiinivktgyavhisrtsasgrylfvigrdgrvnmidlwmpkpdnvaeiriglearsvdtskykgkdgdftdklaiagaywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefivnvketgktlmvdysdieslkitelgsarflhdggwdstkryfmvaannsnkvgvidakedklaaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwstghlgdetisligtdpkkhkqyafkevaklkgpgggalfikshpksthlysdaplnpdpkvsqsvvvydinnldkgytvlpiaewaglpddggakrvvqpefnkagdevwfavwsakdkqsalvvvddktlklkavikdpriitptghfnvnntqhdvy
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=9187..10914,organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=nitrite reductase
mapssagaekttadqaaqkgevadhtskpqdqyqpalttlaqeqvaapgtvdgvpsmtedefnqankiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrelgfdylksfitygspagmpnwgtsgdlteaqvdlmakyvmqdpasppefgmpemketwklivkpedrpkqkendwdlenlfsvtlrdagqialidggtyeikavldtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakvdmidlwmkepavvaeikvgsearsvetskmegwedkyviagsywppqyvimdgatleplkiestrgmiydeqtyhpeprvaailsshyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdiknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanarhklvvidtkegkletvvdtggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpeghkdqawkivdsfpalgggslfiktypgsnhlyvdaplnpeadisgsvavfeidkmkgdgsdpefktlpiaewaeiadgqprvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdprlvtptgkfnvkntmgdiy
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=4147..5874,organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=nitrite reductase
mapssagaekttadqaaqkgevadhtskpqdqyqpalttlaqeqvaapgtvdgvpsmtedefnqankiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrelgfdylksfitygspagmpnwgtsgdlteaqvdlmakyvmqdpasppefgmpemketwklivkpedrpkqkendwdlenlfsvtlrdagqialidggtyeikavldtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakvdmidlwmkepavvaeikvgsearsvetskmegwedkyviagsywppqyvimdgatleplkiestrgmiydeqtyhpeprvaailsshyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdiknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanarhklvvidtkegkletvvdtggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpeghkdqawkivdsfpalgggslfiktypgsnhlyvdaplnpeadisgsvavfeidkmkgdgsdpefktlpiaewaeiadgqprvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdprlvtptgkfnvkntmgdiy
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1_v2  coded_by=complement(1435453..1437120),organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1 v2,definition=conserved protein of unknown function
mmrsfpipsvipappsvipaplsvipaqagiqesrksrwcpswmpafagmtmllatpalatdvnrlytetcaachgadrlgaigpallpenlgrlkqaeaekvvaegrdatqmpafkdqlsadqikalvklvyspvpalplwgaeeikashlevtkaadlpakppfkadplnlftvveggdhhvsivdgdhmkplyrfqsrfalhggakyspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskvdmwtgklmaeiragintrnvavsddgrflmvgnvlphtlvaldasdlslmqvipvegdgktsrvsavytapprhsfivalrdleeiweipyaddaapvinglahsrekgleegigpqgrfgalrirtpdylddfffdpgyervmgasrdgkkgmvvdldlkrkvadldlggmphlgsgivfkqgdrylmatphlkeamvsiidmttwetvkriptlgpgffmrghenspyawvdvsmgkekdamqiidtrtleivktirpapgkltrhvefnrdgsklllslsekdgavmvldaktfaeekrlpmsapigkynvwnkinyssgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasrehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpgynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdinepeagykvlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklktviddkri
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgqtidgeyhpeprvasivassekpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdlknlktttiesskflhdggwdaskryfmvaanasnqvaavdtkegklaaiidtakiphpgrganlfhpefgpvwatghlgaavvslistasddpknarfkqynrkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaegvyvfdkddlskdpvrldvakdsglpeakairravqpeynvagdevwislwggkadqsaivvyddetlklkqvitspeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiiniketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstlryfltaanqsnkiavidsrnrklvalpdvtkvphpgrganikdpefgpvwitsalgdasitflgtdpenhpeqawkvvrilqgqgggslfvkshpnsmnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsiavfgvndldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgsevwlsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikvrnhhptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._12M76_air  coded_by=2673074..2674789,organism=Pseudomonas sp. 12M76_air,definition=nitrite reductase
mrmtkpltaaisvlaltitaaafaqgsdpekaaaayqgeasavdpalarvvhtpgapdlseadfnkakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqaylealisygspagmpnwgtsgeltpeeitlmanyiqhepptppewgmqamrdswkvlvkpedrptrqmnkldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgnskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgfedkyviagdywppqfaimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedldnmsittigtaqflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvvvidskdrklaaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtshlgddtlsligtdpenhpehawkvvdtlkgqgggslfikthpnstnlyvdttfnptaavaqsaavfdinnldagykvlpiaewsgikggsrrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktlelkkvirdkrlitptgkfnvhntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_sp._12M76_air  coded_by=2673074..2674789,organism=Pseudomonas sp. 12M76_air,definition=nitrite reductase
mrmtkpltaaisvlaltitaaafaqgsdpekaaaayqgeasavdpalarvvhtpgapdlseadfnkakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqaylealisygspagmpnwgtsgeltpeeitlmanyiqhepptppewgmqamrdswkvlvkpedrptrqmnkldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgnskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgfedkyviagdywppqfaimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedldnmsittigtaqflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvvvidskdrklaaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtshlgddtlsligtdpenhpehawkvvdtlkgqgggslfikthpnstnlyvdttfnptaavaqsaavfdinnldagykvlpiaewsgikggsrrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktlelkkvirdkrlitptgkfnvhntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsnkvavidskdqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdsawkvarvlsgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdidnldagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivtveetghilmvnyedlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpedhadnawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdindldkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqegteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghvllvdysdieniavtdigaaeflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdnrpdeawqtvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsgnlwvdaplnpdgsigqavavfdvndldagfetlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmiydeqiyppqprvaaivsshyrpefivniketgkillvdysdiqnlyvseieaerflhdggfdstkryflsaanargkvavfdtkegelvallddgqtphpgrganlvhpvygpvwatshlgddtvalfgtdpeghpdqawqmvqqlyalgggslfvkshptsenlyvdaplnpdaeisgsvavfkvpdldpeytvlpivewagitegqprvvqgefnkagteiwfsvwnaadlqsaivvvddrtlqpkhvfkderlftptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvnyedltnltvtdiaterflhdggldatgryflvaanarhklavidtqdgqlealieskgltphpgrganfehpeygpvwatshlgdetisltgtdpeshpeqawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpepeiassvavfeiddldeeedeieyevlpigewsgieegqrrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwnaqdqqsaivivddktlelkhvikgdqivtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlepqkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivyvketgkvllvdysnpkaitettleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskereltalidvteiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatsalgnanitligtdpvkrgkkhawqvvrtlrglgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnpeagyeqlpiaeranlgegakrvvqpeynkqgtevwfsvwngldqrsalvivddktrklikviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaadksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsdkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium_2303  coded_by=3383..5080,organism=uncultured bacterium 2303,definition=putative cytochrome d1 nitrite reductase NirS
mgtrtgswmraamiaalpfaisqafaqqaaapnaplnadektaakkvyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtkkladgtvqeggtaklgtqrlekiiaygteggmvnfddiltkdeitlmsryiqeqpdvppeyslketidswktivavadrpkrqmnafnlknmfsvtlrdtgevalidgdtkeirsivktgyavhisrlsksgryiyvigrdgrlslidlwmekpavvaevkigfdarsvdtskfkgyedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgetlkpikvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssetkpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlkvttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtkkiphpgrganfrhpefgpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsvkpadakykknnwkvvqevkhlgagnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnpereiaesvavwdmadlskpvkvinvakdsglpatkairravhpeynadgnevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlalkkvitdpkmitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdslkplkivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkifmvdysdlenlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkesklagmvnvgktphpgrganfidpqygpvwatghlgdetialigtdpvkhkknawrvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakisqsiavydidkldqgytmlpvgewsglgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivivddktrklkavikdarlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdslkplkivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkifmvdysdlenlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkesklagmvnvgktphpgrganfidpqygpvwatghlgdetialigtdpvkhkknawrvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakisqsiavydidkldqgytmlpvgewsglgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivivddktrklkavikdarlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpeftvnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkqvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgytlepmkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiiniketgliklvnyedidnlsettinaarflhdggwdatnryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalidvtkiphpgrganiedpkygpvwitsalgnanitvigtdpkkhkdsawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksenlwvdsplnpdtaisqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeynkdgdevwfsvwsgleeesaivvvddktrtlkhvikddrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvttigterflhdggwdaseryfmvaanqrntiavvdakdnklvklvtegvgkiphpgrganfvdpkhgpvwatshlgddsvvligtdpakypksawkvvrtlkaqgggslfikthpksanlwvdsplnpsadisqsvavfdinnldkpyevlkiaemanlgegskrvvqpeynnkgdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgviklidyqdidnlsvttinaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskerklaalidvekiphpgrganildpkygpvwitsglgnaninvigtdpkrnkehawkvvrilqgqgggslfvkshpksanlwvdtplnpetnisqsaavfniadldagyevlpiaewadvgpgpkrvvhpeynsrgdevwfsvwsgqdeesaivvvddktrtlkhviknprlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_B136-33  coded_by=complement(565681..567387),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa B136-33,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtlfasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Thauera_aromatica  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=Thauera aromatica,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepmkivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketsmiqlvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnpereiaesvfvfdkgdlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
yvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealidapkiphpgrganikdpdygpvwltsslgnenmtfigtdpkghkqhawkvvrtlksqgggslfvkthpkskdlwvdnplhpvakisqsvavydinnleagfevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqvsaivvvddktrelkhvikdervitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdresaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepvkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_WH6  coded_by=48495..50168,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens WH6,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mltrhrttftpslaalscalalvlpltahgtaqpvlvrtagapdmsqadfdtskqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkaqissmatfiqhtaptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpadrpktqlntlnlenlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdtkqivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpaeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagaywppqftlmdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqayhpeprvaaiiashewpefivniketgkvmlvnyqdiknltittidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidsrerkltalvevgktphpgrganfihptygpvwatshlgdngisligtdpvkhaqyawkqveslkgqgggslfikthpnshhlyvdttlnpdtklsqsvavfdinqldkgytvlpiaeysgikqgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqteesalvviddktlklkqvirdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenltvteigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerelealidvtkiphpgrganlvdpkygpvwvtsalgnanvtfiatdpeghpehawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpestnlwvdsplnpdeaiaqsvavydindleagyevlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklagmvdvsktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinsfdkgfetlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynktgdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyenpeslsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtamgtdpeghpdkawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdeaisqsvavydvnnleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntlepkkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshykpeflvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkvttvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgvgitphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpkqawyvvqsleaqgggsllvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeaevassvavfdttdldkpyevlpigewsgigegvrrvvqgeynmagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitltgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheypefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdakdrklealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdaskryfmvaanqrntiavvdakdnklvklvtegvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatshlgddtvaligtdpakhpknawkvvrtlkaqgggslfikthpksnnlwvdtplnpsaeisqsvavfdiknldkpyevlkiaemanlgegskrvvqpeynnkgdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavidskerklaamvdvekiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpqghpehawkavgvlqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavfdindldagyavlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=134204..135685,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlmvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C2159M  coded_by=1685220..1686701,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C2159M,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlmvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA015  coded_by=208953..210434,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA015,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlmvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(2715167..2716648),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlmvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=134146..135627,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlmvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=136060..137541,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlmvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=1099158..1100639,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlmvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Halomonas_sp._BC04  coded_by=23844..25460,organism=Halomonas sp. BC04,definition=nitrite reductase
mhkralskgifalsfplaammgtahaaapemsaeemdrasaiyfqrcagchgtlrkgatgpgllpedtqemgqrrlesiislgteggmnnfdgildeeeitliskyiqqtpeeppemsladirdtweivvpqdqwpdepqhdlnwenfmvtilrdrgamgiidgdtkelvteaetgyavhvaksssdgrfwyvqgrdgrlskidlwmdppqvtaevfigidardvavskygewkdkyvigggywpphfviadaetmeplkvvstrgyntegeyvhearvaalydtphaptflvnvketgqvwqvdysdidnlrmdqiasaeylhdgffdstgryfmiaanfsnkmafidtierklvsllntgeiphpgpganwidpecgpvagtthlgqglmtfwgtdpennpdhaweicgtvetdgpglflrshpdsphvwidqsmhpesdvhqwvmvmnketreltpihvadrpiehdavalhfeydqsgtevwvsiwargrghqddgaiviyddktmeeigrvenlntptgkfnvynrkskwqrs
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlndpvygpvwvtsalgnanvtligtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaalnpeesvsqsiavfdvnnldagfqvlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynrdgtevwfsvwsgkeqgsaivvvddrtrtlkhvikgkelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnklavidsrerklvalpdvtkvphpgrganiidpelgplwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnypehawqavrvlagqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtplnpdpavsqsvavfdtnnlaagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgsevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnklavidsrerklvalpdvtkvphpgrganiidpelgplwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnypehawqavrvlagqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtplnpdpavsqsvavfdtnnlaagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgsevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqayhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsgkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwatsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimngltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlcvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktlklkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdestsqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegprrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivndktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdlplvdlngdalienrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagfvsivpyadpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntrmlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgnpahawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydqdicaiskatgtldrcftvatngkavhfefnidgsevmvsdwdpdgavivldsttlteirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkdsawkvvrvlsgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdtdnldagykvlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkdsawkvvrvlsgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdtdnldagykvlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtydtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefivniketghillvnyndvknlkvtsieaerflhdggfdksgryflvaanarnkvaivdtkegklvdvietggiklhpgrganinhptfgpvwvtshlgdevisligtdpekhpqhawkvvqklegqgggslfvkthpksghlyvdtplnpdaeaassvavfkvsdltkkepeykvlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlkkkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvativashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyegienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstslwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwdakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdgltleplkvvstrsmtvdtqeyhpepraasivashytpefivnvketghtllvnyedldnlvvtdiaterflhdggfdatgryfivaanardklavidtkegelealipsegltphpgrganfehptygpvwatshlgdatisligtdpenhpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpesnhlyvdtplnpepsiassvavfnideldqeepqyevlpigewsgidegmrrivqpeynkqgtevwfsvwnaqdqksaivivddetmqpkhvikgeeivtptgkfneg
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepmkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedmanlkvtsieaerflhdggsdstgryflvaanarnklavvdtkdnklvalfesggttphpgrganfvhpihgpvwatshlgdeivslvgtdpvghadkawtvvqtlegqgggslfikthpvstnlyvdtplnpevelassiavfdinnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwnskeqesaivvvddktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pwppqyvimdadtlsplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtalgtdpeghadqawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshptssnlwvdaplnpeeaisqsvavydvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrklkhvikspelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsykiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefiinvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngktresaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(20860..22383),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqpadsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmgaysqvlndaqiaglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrilkdvatlpttpqhaadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhiptvgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=140404..142110,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsksefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdvrisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplriqstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivavhdkpqfivnvkgtgkimlvdytdlknlrtieigasrflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnqvavvdskrdaleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhkkeawkvvqtlkaqgggnlflkthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpkvnqsvavfdvknldkpyevlpiadwaqvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddrtrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvdysdldalavttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealidapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwltsslgnenmtfigtdparhkehawkvvrtlksqgggslfvkthpksdnlwvdnplhpvakisqsvavydidnleagfevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkqivltrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalpdvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkqvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganledpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnleagfetlpiaewaelgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_Chloroflexi_bacterium  coded_by=20895..23291,organism=uncultured Chloroflexi bacterium,definition=hydroxylamine reductase
mkarsliligglllaialfmacapktqpvatteymltigmqdgkfvflgvggaingqvnpelsarpgetitltlinsgegehglavsglnvqsktlsqrgemasvtftvpqtesqleyydpvgknaelglrgrlnvraeakatsvpsaaptesagtsttlaiaafqkggcgachvipgvpgavgnigpdlsqvgeraaktisessysgkaktaaeyiresieqpdayvapqcpngpcvkgtmpaslaklltpqeleavvqylaqppqaaaggeaaapaatavaeaptlseeefswakqtyfercagchgtlrkgatgpaltpdktlpkgtaglaaiifngtprgmpswgkdgfftqqqvdilakfiqmeppappemsmeqmkatwkllippdqrpsqpqtkrdwqnyfvvtlrdagrvaiidgdtyevvnevqsgyavhitrmsatgryayvigrdgrlalidlwmekpdkvaevqtcydarsvevskykgaegdftdklaivgcywpphfvildgltleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashykpewivnvkeigqiwlvnyldplspaikmlpaarflhdggwdathryflvaanqsnkvaivdakeekliamvdtpkvphpgrganwidpqygpvwstphlgdaaiasigtdpqghpdsawkvvrvtplpgsgslfikthpkskwiwvdmalnadpalarticviakanpeqtykcweigkygravhieynkqgtqvwislwgdaskpgetgeiviyddatlqeiaripnlitptgkfnvyntvndiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdsaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(107210..108721),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mqmipalllaaalpaatfvaldmavaapsptdaqalyqthcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaaysqvlneaqiaglvdylyqpsavpptwndadirashrilkdlatlpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydantleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganirdpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnadhawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagferlpiaewaelgegpkrivqpefnmagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtidgeyhpeprvaaivashqkpeflinaketgkiwmvdytdlenlkttqinsakflhdggfdptrryfltaanasdkiavvdtktsklaalvpvgkiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsglgdesiaiigtdpeknkanawkvvqslkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlnkppqiidiaacakldddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrtckqvlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkivstrgmdvnneyhpeprvasiigshyrpefvvnaketgkimlvdykdinnlkvttldaakflhdggldstgryfmvaanashkiavvdtkegkmtamvdvgntphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgddsismigtdpikhkaqawkvvdtvkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakmsqsiavfdinaldkgfvvlpiaewanlgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdpklvtptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvtegdtlkplkimstrgqdvngeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgsdvisligtdpakhpqyawkvvaelknhgggslfvkthpkshnlwadaplnpeqelaesvtvydirnldkapeiiniaklanlpeskaikravhagynatgdevwyslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdprlitptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqeyhreprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrgadfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssvavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvfdeqtyhpeprvaaivsshykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarnkiavidtkesklvslidsqgqtphpgrganlvhptygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdhawkvvqqlyalgggslfvkshpnsghlyvdaplnpdaeisasiavfkvadmgqaepeftvlpvgewagiadgqprvvqgefnqqgteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikdpalitptgkst
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyviidgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvvtidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddkarklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM79  coded_by=complement(11420..12913),organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM79,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mrrmllapllwigaahagaalpssdaaaalyqqhcqrchganrfggtgpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmtgyanvfnpaqidalvsflqqppatpptwnnddirgshsiladvsklpdtpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhinildgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwvslydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktipvigqdgtasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelsnagtpdfeprrikaedvlddfsfspdykqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwategalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefvegtsh
>Cupriavidus_metallidurans_CH34  coded_by=complement(3444791..3446440),organism=Cupriavidus metallidurans CH34,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor (Cytochrome cd1) (Cytochrome oxidase) (Hydroxylamine reductase)
mkakswmfpalaamplffwsahgsaqtaptqnpepkltaeefnharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgdltdpevdlmaryiqldpptppefsladieksrkdivpvakrptrkmnnynlqnlfsvtlrdsgevalidgdskqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwlpkpdnvaevkiglearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashfrpefvinaketgkilmvdysdlknlktttidsakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpinhkaqawkvvetlkgqgggslfiktnpkshnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtqkledgykvlpiaewanlkgegakrvvqaeynqagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfnahntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpetgfsqsiavfdvndieagfetlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkavikgpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpetgfsqsiavfdvndieagfetlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkavikgpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlepqkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvllvdysnpkaitettleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskereltalidvteiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatsalgnanitligtdpvkrgkkhawqvvrtlrglgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnpeagyeqlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkqgtevwfsvwngldqrsalvivddktrklikviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlnnlktstidaarllhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklagmvdvgktphpgrganfvdpqngpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhqgkawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkgfemlpigewaglgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhkanawkvvrtlkglgsgslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpeagisqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmngptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdktavvdakdreiealvdatkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpvkhkkhawkavrtlsaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdnplhpdakvsqsvavydisnleggyevlpiaewanvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngqeqvsaivvvddktralkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnradnawktvrviqgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidsgfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktralktvikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnradnawktvrviqgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidsgfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktralktvikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlrvtsigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavmdsreqeltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfvgtdpvnnkehawkavrtlegqgggslfvkshpassnlwadttlnpdaaisqsiavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagiegkgpkrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwsgaeeesaivivddrtrelkhvirderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyadidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavidskedkltalidvtsiphpgrganlkdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtaigtdpvkhkehawkvvrtlqgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdtkvsqsiavydvnnldkgfevlpiadwaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>endosymbiont_of_Ridgeia_piscesae  coded_by=4587..6215,organism=endosymbiont of Ridgeia piscesae,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mkktkftlsalglavgiassgfalnatagapamsdadfekgksiyfqrcagchgtlrkgatgknlepkntqklgqtrlekiitygteggmnnfddilskdeitlmakyiqqtppippemslalmkerhkvfvdpkdyptkplhgrnwenfflvierdvgkiaiidgdkkevvahiptgyavhvlkavehhntlhtenpgrfwfvmgrdgmmtkvdlwqtpdkmkvaqtqvaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfvildaktmeplkvvsargvnvdgeyvnesrvaavydtpmapswlvsmkelgqmwqvdysdidnlqitkidsakylhdgfydptgryfqiaanasnkmvvidsktrkleamidvdkkphpgpganwidpkcgpvggtthlgvgkitvwgndpkghpdqawkicyevetdgpgvfirthpksdyywadqtktpepevqqsiqviskktheivktirltekkgyaavhiefnndgsevwtsvwnradskkpngeiiifdaktlkekarikglyaptgkfnvhnrvnhvt
>endosymbiont_of_Ridgeia_piscesae  coded_by=complement(17841..19469),organism=endosymbiont of Ridgeia piscesae,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mkktkftlsalglavgiassgfalnatagapamsdadfekgksiyfqrcagchgtlrkgatgknlepkntqklgqtrlekiitygteggmnnfddilskdeitlmakyiqqtppippemslalmkerhkvfvdpkdyptkplhgrnwenfflvierdvgkiaiidgdkkevvahiptgyavhvlkavehhntlhtenpgrfwfvmgrdgmmtkvdlwqtpdkmkvaqtqvaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfvildaktmeplkvvsargvnvdgeyvnesrvaavydtpmapswlvsmkelgqmwqvdysdidnlqitkidsakylhdgfydptgryfqiaanasnkmvvidsktrkleamidvdkkphpgpganwidpkcgpvggtthlgvgkitvwgndpkghpdqawkicyevetdgpgvfirthpksdyywadqtktpepevqqsiqviskktheivktirltekkgyaavhiefnndgsevwtsvwnradskkpngeiiifdaktlkekarikglyaptgkfnvhnrvnhvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimngetldpkkifstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivniketgkimlvnyqdvdnlqvteigaarflhdggwdvskrhfltaanqsnkiavidskdrklaalidvekiphpgrganfldpkfgpvwvtsalgnenvtlvatdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkshhlyvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdvndldapykvlpiaqwaqlgkgpkrivqpefnkqgdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivvvddktlqlkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatphlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimddatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdsakryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqklaalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdttnleagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavikdprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiitvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvvanarnkvavvdtkedklvamietgatphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetiavigtdpvkhkdsawkvvetlegqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnlgkgyvtipigemsgisegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngktqesaivviddatrklkavikdkrlatptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA039  coded_by=209687..211393,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA039,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_S35004  coded_by=complement(552123..553829),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa S35004,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C52  coded_by=137595..139301,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C52,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF77  coded_by=complement(532126..533832),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF77,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA017  coded_by=129764..131470,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA017,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA003  coded_by=complement(529783..531489),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA003,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF127  coded_by=complement(595698..597404),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF127,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C51  coded_by=complement(572846..574552),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C51,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL24  coded_by=complement(528696..530402),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL24,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA002  coded_by=126917..128623,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA002,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(2389560..2391266),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(395028..396734),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(3729532..3731238),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C0324C  coded_by=17811..19517,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C0324C,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytlmdgdtlkplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnhedaenlnvttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiaiidsrerklvalpdvekiphpgrganildpklgpvwvtsalgnadisflgtdpeghpghawkvvrrlegqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavfdvnnpeagytvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynadgsevwfsvwsgmeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdshdrelealidateiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvvevlkgmgggslfvkthphstnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdshdrelealidateiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvvevlkgmgggslfvkthphstnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdshdrelealidateiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvvevlkgmgggslfvkthphstnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlkplkivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivnsketgkismvnysdlnnlksttidsarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklvalidvsktphpgrgsnfvdpkygpvwatghlgdeaisligtdpvnkkknawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikshpksnnlwidttlnpdakisqsvavfdirnldkgyevlpigewsgmdggamrivqpeynkkgdevwfsvwsakdkasaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdggtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiiniketgliklvnyqdidnltettinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsqdrtlaalidvekiphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitvigtdpkknkdnawnvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavfdvdnleggyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkenklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhkkyawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpkaeiassvavfdidnleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwngkdqesalvivddktrklldvvrderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvkgtgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskeskltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldegfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagddvwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivgtrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewviniketgmiklvdysdinnlkettinsakflhdggwdvtkryflvaanashkiavvdtkegklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfnhptygpvwatghlgadvialigtdpeknkqhawkvvqevkhngagnlfvkthpksqhlwadapqnpereiaesvvvwdlkdlskpkkvlnvakdsglaetkairravhpeysadgtevwvslwggkadqsaivvyddktlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>887,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivaseskpewvinixetgmirlvnysdlanlkettinsakflhdggwdsskryflvaanasnkvamvdtqegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisiigtdpagnpqnawkvvqelrnhganslfvrthpksenlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvyriadlgnpdpkpevldlaaaadlgktkgvqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsiwtgnktepsaivvvddkarkvktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>Paracoccus_denitrificans_PD1222  coded_by=559..2349,organism=Paracoccus denitrificans PD1222,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mrqrtpfarpgllasaalalvlgplavaaqeqaappkdpaaaledhktktdnryepsldnlaqqdvaalgapegipalsdaqyneankiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltrdlgfdylqsfitygspagmpnwgtsgeltaeqvdlmanyllldpaappefgmkemreswqvhvapedrptqqendwdlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgttyeiksvldtgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdgkvnmidlwmkepatvaeikigsearsietskmegwedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgetlepmkiqstrgmiydeqeyhpeprvaailashyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldgshryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaiedtggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshmgddsvaligtdpeghpdnawkildsfpalgggslfikthpnsqylyvdatlnpeaeisgsvavfdtkamtgdgsdpefktlpiaewagiaegqprvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddktlelkhvikderlvtptgkfnvyntmtdty
>Paracoccus_denitrificans_PD1222  coded_by=2503999..2505789,organism=Paracoccus denitrificans PD1222,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mrqrtpfarpgllasaalalvlgplavaaqeqaappkdpaaaledhktktdnryepsldnlaqqdvaalgapegipalsdaqyneankiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltrdlgfdylqsfitygspagmpnwgtsgeltaeqvdlmanyllldpaappefgmkemreswqvhvapedrptqqendwdlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgttyeiksvldtgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdgkvnmidlwmkepatvaeikigsearsietskmegwedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgetlepmkiqstrgmiydeqeyhpeprvaailashyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldgshryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaiedtggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshmgddsvaligtdpeghpdnawkildsfpalgggslfikthpnsqylyvdatlnpeaeisgsvavfdtkamtgdgsdpefktlpiaewagiaegqprvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddktlelkhvikderlvtptgkfnvyntmtdty
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgqeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddhkehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksenlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglkqgdprathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaivfyddktlklktvitdpaivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqiastrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnametgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrgansvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplkvvstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaiisshyrpefivnvketgkillvnfedvknlqitnieaerflhdggldstgryfltaanarntiavvdtkegklttlikeddgvgatphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkghpqhawkvvqslegqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdttnldkpyevipigdlsgikegvrrvvqgeynkqgteiwfsvwnakeqesaivviddktrkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnaketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdatkiphpgrganlddlehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqessivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
rdwppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgdtlepktivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshekpefminvketgkvllvdysdfnnlkitsidaapflhdggwekthryfmsaanksnqiavidskegklvklvdvgqiphpgrganftdpvngdvwatshlgddtvsliataganawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpksrnlwvdtplnpadavsqsiavfdldnldkgfetlsiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktrklkhvindprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyedldalstveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdptiqligtdpeghpdsawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpgeaisqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeyndagdevwfsvwntadktsalvvvddetrelkkvikderlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgytlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketgkillvnysdldnfqvstisaerflhdggsdstgryflvaanarntvavvdtkerklvkliktgtkphpgrganfvhptygpvwatshlgdeiialigtdpvkhpknawkmvqslegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaevsssvavfkiadmakkepaykvlpigqwsgitegvrrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwnsksqqsaivivddktltkkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvilegdtlrplkvvstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgkilmvsyedlenlkvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtrenelvalietgptphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdnawkvvqnlegqgggslfikthpestnlwvdtplnpeaeiastvavfdinnledgyevipvgewsgidegvrrivqgeynkdgseiwfsvwnakdqasaivviddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvilegdtlrplkvvstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgkilmvsyedlenlkvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtrenelvalietgptphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdnawkvvqnlegqgggslfikthpestnlwvdtplnpeaeiastvavfdinnledgyevipvgewsgidegvrrivqgeynkdgseiwfsvwnakdqasaivviddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtkkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnpkfakykkhnwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpekalaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>Vogesella_sp._EB  coded_by=25093..26640,organism=Vogesella sp. EB,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mklaslllaaiaslplaataanpadlyqqhclschgaqrmgamapallpqslerikpaevlavirdgraatqmagfagrlsdadigelaawlatppatpprwreadtaasriqyldpaklpprprfaanvdphnlfvvveagdhhvtvldgdrftpltrfksrfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvtqydlytlqpvaeirvglntrnvavsgdgrwvlagntlpetlvlldanglkpvktiavqdragrasrvsavydaaprhsfvvalkdaaelweisynpqadkiypglvhdyqmgeglavsgflnprvtplsmvlddfffdsgyrhvmaasrdgqaqvinldarskvatlpldgmphlgsgitfeqdghhymatpnlkggrvtvidmdrwqvaaniatpgpgfflrshentpyawvdammsprrdtlsiidkrtlqvvrqltlrpgktnahveftrdgryalvsimetpgelvvvdaatfrevaalpmmkpigkynvynkvtrsegtsh
>Pseudomonas_frederiksbergensis  coded_by=195286..196782,organism=Pseudomonas frederiksbergensis,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mkgwwftpmlwigaangadvsgpdldlaernyqqhceqchgvnriggagpallpqslsrikpaeirqviengrpasqmaafgtvldaaqidglthylqrppaveptwneddtrrshrllanlatlpdkpqhnadplnlfvvveagdhhvdivdgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgntlpgnlvvldardlslvktvatvgldgqasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelstrpnpdfvprrieaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldtgrivtdialpgmphlgsgtywkrdghwvfatpniskglisvidfdtwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshansryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsstlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>887,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqykpiwmtstlnnkkitligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkstsmdla
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkvaiidsrdrelealvdvekiphpgrganiddpqygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpdnawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepqkivstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvaaivashfrpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlkvteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanardkiavidtkegsltalfesggvtphpgrganlnhpvygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpegnpdhawkvvqqlyalgggslfvkshptsnhlyvdaplnpeaeisasiavfkvdeltqeepeytvlpigewagiaegqprvvqgefnktgdeiwfsvwngrdlesaivvvddktlemkhvikdprlvtptgkfn
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=458..2206,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming) precursor
mirtttvagavallatllaspavlaqgaasdaaethgtmppaqqsyqgapsplanepmyqsanpkapkmtqaefelgrktyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlskgtdylkvfisygspagmpnwltsgeldektvdimaryiqqdppqppefglaqmkqtwkvlvppekrptrkmnkfnienifsttlrdageialidgdskqiisviktgyavhisrtsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmehpetvaeirvglearsvetskykgyedklaiagtywppqftimdgdtlepkkivatrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgktlmvdysnldalkmteigsapflhdggwdatkryffvaanqsnkitvidakedklaaivevgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpvkhkqyafkevakltgqgggnlflkshpksqhlyvdtplnpdpalsqsvavydvknldkgftvlpiaqwaglgddgakrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsaknkqsalvvvddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnifntqhdiy
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=675150..676898,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase NirS
mirtttvagavallatllaspavlaqgaasdaaethgtmppaqqsyqgapsplanepmyqsanpkapkmtqaefelgrktyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlskgtdylkvfisygspagmpnwltsgeldektvdimaryiqqdppqppefglaqmkqtwkvlvppekrptrkmnkfnienifsttlrdageialidgdskqiisviktgyavhisrtsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmehpetvaeirvglearsvetskykgyedklaiagtywppqftimdgdtlepkkivatrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgktlmvdysnldalkmteigsapflhdggwdatkryffvaanqsnkitvidakedklaaivevgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpvkhkqyafkevakltgqgggnlflkshpksqhlyvdtplnpdpalsqsvavydvknldkgftvlpiaqwaglgddgakrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsaknkqsalvvvddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnifntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>895,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvvmdgdtlepkkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvmmanykdinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavidskdqklaglvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpknhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpdaaisqsvaiydignldkapqviniadlaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfneraipah
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgltleplrvvstrsmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvnyedldnlvvtdiaterflhdggfdatgryffvaanarhkiavidtkdgelealiesggltphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdptvsligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpesnhlyvdttlnpepeiassiavfnideldqeepeyqvlpigewsgidegmrrivqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnaqdqasaivivddetlqpkhvikgekivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdslkplkivstrgmtvdpqefhpeprvasivasrfgpefivnaketgkinivsykdlnnlkvtsidsarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklealidvgktphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgdetisvigtdpkkhkanawkvvrtltgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtalhpdpkisqsiavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagvsdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdqqsaivivddktrklkavirdpklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA044  coded_by=complement(100191..101672),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA044,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA14  coded_by=228344..229825,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA14,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CI27  coded_by=complement(8068..9549),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CI27,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_UCBPP-PA14  coded_by=complement(581088..582569),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa UCBPP-PA14,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA027  coded_by=158426..159907,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA027,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL16  coded_by=complement(581077..582558),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL16,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11877..13358,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=11860..13341,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH058  coded_by=complement(581089..582570),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH058,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgqillvdfediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnrlaivdtkegrlvgviesegqtphpgrganiqhptfgpvwvtshlgdetvsligtdpenhpdqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnsqhlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavfniadltqeepeytvlpigewsgidegvrrvvqgefnqagdeiwfsvwnavdqesaivvvddktlkmkkvikdprlktptgkfn
>Thermus_scotoductus_SA-01  coded_by=complement(1668320..1669930),organism=Thermus scotoductus SA-01,definition=nitrite reductase
mkrtlgllgslllaalalaqapaplspaekeeaakiyfdrcagchgvlrkgatgpaldpkkmaekgveylkavifgglpggmpdwgrqgilkekdielvarflleqppappvptfeeikktwkvhvppekrptkplhnrnwqnffgqvlrdtgqvaiidgdkkelvsivptgfathilrssatgryfmaigrdgkaslidlwmnppqvvaeskpcldarsiesskfkgyedkyavvgcywpptmvvldgltleplkmvstisyakgagelvmearvaaivashfnpewivnlkesgqtwlvdysnlhkkgrplpitmidtnlflhdggwalkryfivaanalnklividtktrefaaeveagvrphpgrgsnwehptygpvwatgnigspevtvvgvdpekhpqyawkvvkritlpytgnlfikthpnspwvivdfpmspspqaaaslcaidkrklevakcwevpgaqelkarmvhpefnkggteiwvsawgskdtptfivvydaltlkekaritgdwvrtptgkfnvyntaydiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdihniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmirlidysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtaakphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvknkkhawkvvaelknhgagslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpekevaesvtvydirnldkapeviniaklanlpeskavkravhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdaklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdgnpdnawkvvrilegqgggslfvkshpnsknlwvdsplspdeavsqsvavynvddldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpehnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkyvikgeelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgctlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketgkillvnysdldnfqvstisaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarntvavvdtkerklvkliktgtkphpgrganfvhptygpvwatshlgdeiialigtdpvkhpknawkmvqslegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaevsssvavfkiadmakkepaykvlpigqwsgitegvrrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwnsksqqsaivivddktltkkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>Acidithiobacillales_bacterium_SM1_46  coded_by=complement(11189..12751),organism=Acidithiobacillales bacterium SM1_46,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mpdkrvlsilllflapilgaraadtkpdvvklygmhcaschgadrlggigpallpenlsrlkkpeavktitsgraatqmpgftgklkeddiaalaaliyaplpkppvwgeteirkshvvhvksgtlvdkpifkadplnlfvvvelgdhhvtlldgdkfepiarfptrfalhggpkyspdgrfvyfasrdgwvskydiwnlryiaeiragintrnlavsadgkyvlvgnylphtlvvldaadlkplkiievtddkgassrvsavydaaprksfivalkdipevweipydpkhepvyrgyvhdfrsaeaipeegpfpvrriklddylddfffdppynnligaarnarngqvvslivgrkiadidlpglphlgsgitwdyqgrpvlatpnlkegtisvidmkdwktiarietlgpgfflrshehtryawadnmmskakdtieiidkqtlkvartltpapgktaahteftrdgkyalvsiwemdgalviydaqtfkevkrlpmkkpsgkynvynkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivashykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdiknlkvttieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarnkvavidtklskliamietegttphpgrganlmhptygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqqlealgggslfvkshptsghlyvdsplnpdaeisasiavfkvadlaneepeytvlpigewagigegqprvvqgefnqagteiwfsvwnakdkesaivlvddrtlelkevikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkqivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvdeqtrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvdeqtrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgliklvnyedidnlkettidaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdsreqklaamidvtetphpgrganltdpkhgpvwvtsalgnanisfigtdpegrpdsawkvvrelqgqgggslfvkshplssnlwvdtplnptesisqsvavfdignlddgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvhpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>Oleispira_antarctica_RB-8  coded_by=complement(2443399..2444955),organism=Oleispira antarctica RB-8,definition=Heme-binding protein NirN
mlknkrsmlgkiaivgaaisvsafsvqasgvgdvvskvevdyskhcaachgserlgamgpallpdnlkrlrknnattviaegrtatqmpafknildadqrqalvdyiftppkvipswtekdilatqvvthtqgelpnkpvfeadlmnlflvveigdhhvtvlngdtfepihrfksrfalhggpkyspdgryvyfasrdgwitkydiynlkvvaevragintrnlaissdgksvmvanylpnnlvmfdaenldmlkiypvmnsegktsrvsavynapprntyiaalkdlkevweipypvegksstvrkiavndylddfffdpdyklligasrgaaggqvvdldlgkvvhsiplpgmphlgsgitwdypiknekgllemrqvlaspnlkegkvsvidmktwkvikeiktegpgffmrshenspyawvdvffgpnkdkvhvidkstleivktlrpspgktaahvefnkdgskvilsiwdmdgeiivydantleeekrlpmvkpsgkynvwnktqyergtsh
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlddetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtpldpeaevassiavfdlndrtkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpesivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidtkkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegskrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgk
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdvdnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklknvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlspvkivstrgmtvdsqeyhpkprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedsenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkgpdygpvwvtsalgnanitvlgtdpeghpdsawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpeeaisqsvavydvndleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_RCH2  coded_by=complement(884254..885765),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri RCH2,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mqlmpalllaaalpaatfvaldmataaslpadsqalyeqhcqschginrlggagpallpeslsrikpteahavirdgrpasqmaayshmlneaqitalvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrilkdvtslpstpqhgaaprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnltmlaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslikhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvqeawelsyageptfeprrikaadylddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldsgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydantleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Cupriavidus_necator_N-1  coded_by=2434033..2435532,organism=Cupriavidus necator N-1,definition=nitrite reductase NirS
mktvlrwlialafagaaqsamaaeptavysqhcatchgtdrlgamgpallpeslerlraseldqvlhdgraatqmpafagtlaepdlqalarwlrtapaatpqwkaeairashivhhapgslparpvfsadpqnlfvvveagshhvtvldgdrlapvhrfatrfalhggpkfsrdgryvymasrdgwvskydvwnlayvaeiragvntrnvavsddgrwvlagntlprtlvllhaedlslarvidvrgrdgeasrvsavydaaprhsfiaalkdiaevweipyadaagaplpalaprvvvlddvlddfffdqsyrhilgasrkgggqvidlqkgrkvaalalggmphlgsgitwqrdgrevmaspdlgqgritvidmqawhtiatiptngpgfflrshennpyawadammspkrdtlqvidkqslrvvgsvtpspgrtaahveftrdgryalvslmerdgaivvydaatlqevrrlpmdkpigkynvfnkttrsagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnseeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>Sulfurovum_lithotrophicum  coded_by=complement(1988534..1990288),organism=Sulfurovum lithotrophicum,definition=nitrite reductase
mklnrilglaaatsfvatlaiagtsnmdfakmyekecqgchgpihqggvgsdlrpkalkkknaenlaatilhgrentampawsakfskddaagmvnwlmdwkntvelkldlekvqqtwikladvdalakkypvdkngnlkykggdvknvkditfaterdaslvdfidsttgkvlsrhkagfavhvtvtnkaepryaysisrsgrltmfdigapgqpavasvqvgqesrglavspdgkyviagnynpggavlcdahtlkplkaydtsrvidpdgqigpsrvagiadtpygpyfavalkdaghtyiidyskpdfpivgdipnigkilhdcflnenkgedfgryfqiasqgsdlmgivdfktkalaakvhtgkkskphpgqgsswfnkklgkqlnatnsmnfgsvviwespgwnivkkvktaggglfvgtgedtpwiwsdcvlgkpdkynevhlinketletdriikvgkakgqlidaksgkvlqewdatqyekipvnevaskmsneklmppvaegkhgakvkdpvqprllhaepanhgkwtmisewttgrigiyesetgkfikyienlttptftysvehrqhvpga
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgytlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketgkillvnysdldnfqvstisagrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarntvavvdtkerrlvkliktgtkphpgrganfvhptygpvwatshlgdeiialigtdpvkhpknawkmvqslegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaevsssvavfkiadmakkepaykvlpigqwsgitegvrrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwnsksqqsaivivddktltkkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdihniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdihniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdihniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdihniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepnkivstrgmvydtqefhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkvllvdysdvknlkvteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarhkivvidtktgtlvdilesggqtphpgrganlnhpvhgpvwvtshlgdeivsligtdpeghpdkawkvvqtlealgggslfvkshptsdhlyvdaplnpeaeissavavfkvseldqdepkfetlpigewadigegqprvvqgeynqagdevwfsvwngkdkesaiviiddktlklkhvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysdienlsittlnaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkiavvdskerkmvnlvdaekiphpgrganfkhpefgpvwvtsalgddqitligtdpeqfpqnawkrvgvlkgqgggslfvkthpksnhlyvdtplnpdpkisqtiavfdtqnlakgykvlpiaewaklgpgpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgakeesaivviddqtlklkkvikgpgmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleptkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghiklvnyedidnlkvttidaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsreqklaalidvtsiphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpkrhnkhawkavrvlegmgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdttisqsvavfnvddlaagyevipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlnvttidaarylhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnklavidskdrklvalpdvtkvphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghpeyawkavriidgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpdegmsqsiavfdvnnieagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynrdgtevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlnvttidaarylhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnklavidskdrklvalpdvtkvphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghpeyawkavriidgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpdegmsqsiavfdvnnieagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynrdgtevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>895,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivaehlrphfvvnvketgkilmvnykdlnglkvteigaarflhdggwdvtkryflvaanqsnkiavldtvddklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdesialigtdpakhkqnawkvvqtlkgqgggnlfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdinnlekgpqilpiaewagvkegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwsakdqesaivivddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfneraipah
>Halomonas_sp._4CR  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas sp. 4CR,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyenldalsmveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdntiqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtmegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadvgegvkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvivddetrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfpgtdpvdhpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgniydeqsyhpeprvaailsshyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaitdtggatphpgrganfmhpdhgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpegnadkawqivesfyalgggslfikthpvsdnlyvdaplnpdaetsasvavfkisemkagvepefitlpigewagiaegqprvvqpefnkdgsevwfsvwnardkvsaivvvddktlelkevikderlitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgkilmvnytdinnlttteigsarflhdggwdsskryflvaanqsnkiavvdaradklsalvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkhgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhsksawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpnaeisqsvavfdianldkpyqvvkiaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynnkgdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdtrlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvaailsshyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaitdtegltphpgrganfvhpdlgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghadnawkivdtfyalgggslfikthpnsenlyvdatlnpdpeisasvavfkiadmkegedpeyttlpigewagipegqprvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktlelkkvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttvgaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdqawkvvrvlsgqgggslfvkshpeskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdtdnldagdkvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiklvdysdidnlkevtiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtkdgklealvdtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatghlgadvisvigtdpekhkdqawkvvqelpnhgsgnlfvkthpksthlwadapqnpekdlaesvsvfdltdlskppkliniaqlaglpgstaikravqpeyndkgdevwislwagktgpsavvvmddktlevkavikdpklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_JR-1  coded_by=540462..542153,organism=Pseudomonas mandelii JR-1,definition=Cd1 nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfaltraalcsslalavghaasaeepaaavanlpmvktagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtyidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgddgisligtdptkhpqyawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdtklsqsvavfnldkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=<1..>1331,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
rgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvdak
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnysdienlsvttinaarflhdggwdsshryfltaanqsnkvaivdsrerkltalvdvdkiphpgrganivdpklgpmwvtsalgnekitaigtdpdkhpdqawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavfdvnnldagyqvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkkvikspriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkvmlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>883,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntleplkvvstrgmtydtqvyhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgqillvnysdiknltvtaieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanardrvaivdtkesklvdvinsggvkphpgrganinhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvsfigtdpeghkdsawkvvqtvqgqgggslfvkshpksehlyvdtplnpeaefsssvavfniadlagekpkyktlpigewsgisegqrrvvqgefnregdeiwfsvwnakdhesaivvvddktleknavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkrscrprgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtlaalvdvteiphpgrganlvdpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdlplnpdtkvsqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvniketghilmvnyedianlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavvdtkedklvaliesggikphpgrganlvhpefgpvwvtshlgdevisligtdpenhpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnsknlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavfnvddleagydvlpigewsgidegvrrvvqgeynkqgteiwfsvwnskdqesaivvvddatrelkavikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvdhpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnasnlwvdappnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvktrpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigvtphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivmvddktlalkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqfvimggdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienmrvttigaarylhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdareqrleklihvdriphpgrganitdpehgpvwvtsalgnekitfigtdpvnheskawsvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesrnlwvdtplnpdtrisqsvavfdlddlgagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkaqesavvvvddktrrlkavikdpvlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpekrpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldsgfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpekrpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldsgfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpekrpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldsgfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgnillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvknkehawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlrpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvifdgqtleplkvesvltptydtnepleevrvasivashfdplwvvslkesghvalvdysqegfpmvakipserflhdggldhqgryfmvaanmrdqmvvvdlktkemvtkfrtgikphpgrganwedpeygwvnatthlgegkmavygadpegspehawkvvrevelpasgglflkthpesdwvwfdsplaadedltrqicayskskaavekcwqptdrgrtvhfeynregtevwvsgwdrrgqiivydddtleeiarldedwmvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgfnlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvvetlhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdaklsqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywspqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpgynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysnvdslsvtdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrdrelealvdvtktphpgrganlidpefgpvwvtsalgnanisflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>883,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgaslepikvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketgkillvnysdlsnlnvatidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarntvavidtkerklvklireddgigvkphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpannpqhawkvvqslegqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdidnldkeyqvipvgewsgisegvrrvvhgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsreqqsalvviddktrklkyvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgfnlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpefgpawatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvvetlhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdikdlgkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddetrklktvikdkklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_JR-1  coded_by=548008..549501,organism=Pseudomonas mandelii JR-1,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrrivlahllgvsaaqagaavpalehaaqlyqqhcqschginrlggagpallpeslsrikpneirsviqngrpasqmtgyanvfspaqvdalvdylqqppatpptwsnddilgsysmladlsklpstpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktiptigqngtasrvsavysapprdsfivalkdvkevwelswsgipdfeprripagdflddfsfspdykqllatsrkaqggqvidldsgkvvadiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrflllsiwatdgalivydsntlqeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgqtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdhafkvvrtlqgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavydvnkleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Roseobacter_litoralis_Och_149  coded_by=complement(3211868..3213415),organism=Roseobacter litoralis Och 149,definition=nitrite reductase
mirriislsllaltplsaqgepavlyathcavchgddrlgslgpalipeslrrlkgemleaviakgristqmpgfdaqisaaditelaaylhtplpempvwdadrisgtlevnpdyvapdapqhdadplnifvvvetgdhhisvldgdtfdvlarlptplavhggpkftpdgrftfvmsrdgwvqkidlwsmqevarlragvnsrniamskdgkylavanylphsltilstadmsverifdvvgkdgessrvsavyqapqrdsfilalkdipeiwevatdpnadpvyegfvhsrekgmveaiasseglfarrrievteplddffftpdyrfligaaresdrgavvnlnvgrethelplsglphlgsgisweyqgrrvmatphlreaklsvidiqnwevltqidtdgpgffmrshenspyvwadvffgpnrdvmhvidkqtleivktlrpvpgktlahvefdregrhalvslweddgailiydaqtleevkrlpmskpsgkynvfnkitfsdgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgaslepvkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefvvniketgqalmvnyediknlkvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavidtkenklaalietgvkphpgrganfehpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdqawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpeteisssvavfkldelgngaeyevlpigewsgisegvkrvvqgeynkqgteiwfsvwnskkqqsaivvvddktlklvkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqgfhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggplfvkthpksthlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimngetleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyedldnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdqalealvdvdkiphpgrganlidpqfgpvwvtsalgnekvtflgtdpekhpenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdvtnpdagykvlpiaewanvgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdarvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtleprkivstrgmtvtsqeyhpeprvaaivgshqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlgittidakeflhdggwdsslryfltaanqsntvvvvdskdrklvarvpvekiphpgrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpdkhakhawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeagisqsiavfdianldagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaadksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfemlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgqtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdhafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavydvnnleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkggtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgqtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdhafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavydvnnleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkggtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgqtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdhafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavydvnnleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkggtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgqtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdhafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavydvnnleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkggtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewavniketgqillvdysdimnlktttipsakflhdggfdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdlktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnkkfakykefnwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkelaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpvtkatrravhpeysadggevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpktitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganitdpefgpvwvtsalgnfnvsflgtdpdghadnawkvvrelegqgggslfvkshprstnlwvdtalnpdpaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddqtrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpdaaisqsvaiydignldkapqainiadladlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnganqqsaivvmddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleslkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashfkptfivnvketgksllveykdiknlevteigaarflhdggfdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsivligtdpekhpqqawkvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpkskhmyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdiehldkpaevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkagdeikfsvwnaknqesalvivddktlkmkqvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Labrenzia_sp._C1B10  coded_by=complement(229861..231576),organism=Labrenzia sp. C1B10,definition=nitrite reductase
msvaftlglsavgvsaqdkpadhgsgpsaayepsmstlgqlkveipgrkegdpvmtpeeyqnanqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrengyeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgelteeqvdmmaryillepasppefgmdemrkswkvlvapedrpkeklndididnlfsvtlrdsgqvalidgetyaihavintgyavhisrisasgrylyvigrdalvnmidlwmeepatvaqikvgtearsietskmkgwedkyaiagsywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmvyddqtyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltalletggqtphpgrganlihpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdsawkvvqtlyglgggslfvkshpksnhlyvdaplnpdaevsgaiavfnvddltqeepeykvlpivewadvgegqprvvqgefdqageeiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfnvfntradvy
>Labrenzia_sp._C1B70  coded_by=complement(229861..231576),organism=Labrenzia sp. C1B70,definition=nitrite reductase
msvaftlglsavgvsaqdkpadhgsgpsaayepsmstlgqlkveipgrkegdpvmtpeeyqnanqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrengyeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgelteeqvdmmaryillepasppefgmdemrkswkvlvapedrpkeklndididnlfsvtlrdsgqvalidgetyaihavintgyavhisrisasgrylyvigrdalvnmidlwmeepatvaqikvgtearsietskmkgwedkyaiagsywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmvyddqtyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltalletggqtphpgrganlihpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdsawkvvqtlyglgggslfvkshpksnhlyvdaplnpdaevsgaiavfnvddltqeepeykvlpivewadvgegqprvvqgefdqageeiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfnvfntradvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>907,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvnyedlnnlivtdvgterflhdggfdstgryflvaanarhkivigdtkeaelvaiiesggltphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdeiisligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpepeiassvavfeiddleeeeeeedeveyevlpigewagieegqrrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwnaqdqpsaivivddktlqlkhvikgeeivtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienltvttinaarflhdggrdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfkhpeygpvwvtsalgnekitmigtdpvghpehawkavkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtalnpeeaisqsvavfniddldagyevlpiadwaeigdgpkrvvhpeysekgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgeriitptgkfn
>Thauera_phenylacetica_B4P  coded_by=complement(4224..5906),organism=Thauera phenylacetica B4P,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mqkkglfgsalalailplamssawaadapkltaeemekgkliyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwaktapdgtkleggtlklgtdrlekiiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinlmaryiqveppippefslkdmkdswkllvpvdkrptkqmnkvnlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthkiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmfyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepmkvvstrgntvdgdyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgmillvdysdiknlksttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaeavfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvyntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmirlvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgadvitligtdpakhkqyawkvvqelknhgagslfvkthpkssnlwvdaplnpdkemaesvtvydiknldkapeliniakladlpeskavkravhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpvghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqvgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddrrgtearhqgpevitptgkfn
>Sulfurovum_sp._NBC37-1  coded_by=244879..246594,organism=Sulfurovum sp. NBC37-1,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mklnrilglaavtsfaatmaiagtsnmdfakvfekecqgchgpihqggvgsdlrpkalkkknaemlaetimegrentampawnatfskddaagmvhwlmdwkntvelkldfdqvhktwtkladrdalakkypkatdvkdvkditfaterdaslvdfidsttgkvlsrhkagfavhvtvtnkhdpryaycisrsgkltmfdiaapgqpalatvqvgqesrglavspdgkyvmagnynpggavlcdahtleplkvydtsrvidtdgqigpsrvayiadtpygpyfsfalkdaghvyvvdyskpdfpivgdipnigkvlhdaflnenegedfgryvqvasqgsdlmgivdqktmqlaakvhtgkkskphpgqgsswfnkkmgkqlnatnsmnfgsvviwespswkivkkiktsggglfvgtgehtpwiwsdcvlgkpdkynevhlinketletdriikvgktegqlidaksgkvlqtwdatqhekvpmnektfgkekimpmpdhlgkalkegvqprllhaepanhgkwtmisewttgrigiyesetgkfvkyinnlttptftysvehrqhipga
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddntrklkkvikgaevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddntrklkkvikgaevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>820,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvtydgltlepqnlvklpmtsidgetlpevrvaaivasefapvwvvnqkesgyvgivdysqedaplvaniatarflhdggwdhtkryfmtaanasnkivvvdvqeqtlealidvgnvphpgrganwldpvygwvnatphigssfisvygadpvnnpehawkvvrqidlpaagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsasndkqicaiakstgavdrcfdvatagkavhmefnkdgsevwisdwagegggqvildgttlnviqkitlpattgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhskyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdignmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkevesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgytlepmkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiiniketgliklvnyedidnlsettinaarflydggwdatnryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklealidvtkiphpgrganiedpkygpvwitsalgnanitaigtdpkrhkdsawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdtaisqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeynragdevwfsvwsgleeesaivvvddktrklkhvikddrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyediknlkvteipaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksdkivvidskedklaalidvteiphpgrganikdpkngplwvtsalgnenvtmigtdpkhhkenawkvvhtlkgqgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdtalnpdakvsqsvavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
lwppqfvimngdtleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidskedkltalidvtkiphpgrganltdpkygpvwvtsalgnanvtvigtdpvkhkgnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdvkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagvkgegpkrvvqpeynvagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdienltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkfphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpqsknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrveqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshprsqnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdptygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkiaqsvavfdisnldagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynatgdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkgviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitdgetlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhkqyawkvvqelknhgsgslftkthpksnnlwtdaplsperelaesvsvhnlkksdeapqviniaklaglpeskaikrtvhaefnakgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdarlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashydplwvmalkesgyvglidysqpgfplvstiaterflhdggwdqsgrylllaanannkmvavdvesktmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpagrpdvawtvvreitlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqmcaynkktatldrcfqvatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavivldgttlnevhritdlmtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtlepvkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashhkpefvvnvketgkvlmanysdldnlkiteiaaarflhdggwessqryvmmaanqsnkisvidtvegkqaalvevgkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatghlgdetvsligtdpkghkqhawkvvqtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeeaisqsiavydinnldkgfvalpiaawaglgegakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvyddqvfhpeprvasivashyrpefivniketgkillvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkiavvdtkegkllalietggqtphpgrganlmhpnfgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdhawkvvqtlyalgggslfvkshptsnhlyvdsplnpdaeisasvavfmvdelgrddpgytvlpigewagisdgqprvvqgefnqegteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddrtlelkhvikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>924,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgttleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfkhpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmiatdpekhpkhawqvvsvvrgqgggslfvkthpksdnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdinqldecpewkpaselaegeanscfevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeysddgkevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrklkkvikgdrivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-096BSC  coded_by=6457..8136,organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-096BSC,definition=nitrite reductase
mstigkpliaglfagmsmlgmavahaaapdmtaeekeaakkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwektedgkkieggtlklgtkrleniiafgteggmvnyddiltaeeinlmaryiqhtpdippefslqdmkdswnlivpvaerpkkqmnkvnlqnvfaitlrdagklalvdgdtheiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwypepttvatvrlgsdarsvdvskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepmkvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdashryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgddvvslistpsdeskyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlskaptqlnvakdsglpeskairravqpeynkagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkrvitdpavvtptgkfnvfntmndvy
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-066ASC  coded_by=complement(28747..30426),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-066ASC,definition=nitrite reductase
mstigkpliaglfagmsmlgmavahaaapdmtaeekeaakkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwektedgkkieggtlklgtkrleniiafgteggmvnyddiltaeeinlmaryiqhtpdippefslqdmkdswnlivpvaerpkkqmnkvnlqnvfaitlrdagklalvdgdtheiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwypepttvatvrlgsdarsvdvskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepmkvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdashryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgddvvslistpsdeskyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlskaptqlnvakdsglpeskairravqpeynkagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkrvitdpavvtptgkfnvfntmndvy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_10701  coded_by=complement(725141..726820),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 10701,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mstigkpliaglfagmsmlgmavahaaapdmtaeekeaakkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwektedgkkieggtlklgtkrleniiafgteggmvnyddiltaeeinlmaryiqhtpdippefslqdmkdswnlivpvaerpkkqmnkvnlqnvfaitlrdagklalvdgdtheiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwypepttvatvrlgsdarsvdvskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepmkvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdashryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgddvvslistpsdeskyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlskaptqlnvakdsglpeskairravqpeynkagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkrvitdpavvtptgkfnvfntmndvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleprkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealvdvtkiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpdkhpqyawrvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdakvsqsvavydinnleggyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynsagdevwfsvwngqeqvsaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttvgsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtksgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwttghlgadvltlistpsddkknakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnsdkdlaesvaiwnisdlskpvkvinvakdsglpvtkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlalkkvitdpkiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgftlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashhkpefmvnvketgkillvnyrdvnalttteigaarflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnkiavvdsksgklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdesvaligtapgdkkygkyawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplhpdpgisqsvavfdldnlgkgykqipiaewagvgegakrvvqpeynvagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktlklkavikdarlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsredkltalidvtkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnsldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ppqyvimdgatlepkriistrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdinnltvttinaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanksdkvaivdskerklvtlvdvdtiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdqawkvvqvvsgqgggslfvknhpnsknlwvdsplnpeakisqsvavfdiddidagyavlpiaewadlsdgpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkkvikgdrivtp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidvakiphpgrganfshpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnkknakfkefnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnpdkelaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvfkdsglpatkatrravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpesrvaaivashyhpdfiinvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganledpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpknawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdtsfsqsiavfdvnnieagfkvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgplivtptgkfn
>Roseiflexus_castenholzii_DSM_13941  coded_by=4471569..4473641,organism=Roseiflexus castenholzii DSM 13941,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mrpwkhivfgamlglvvlvacarqaevspataptpipqaapvvattappvdcalaafqkggcgachvipgvpnargtigpdltnvaqvaaqtmqsstytgnattveaylreailepdvfvapdcngspcqkgvmppslgqglseeelaaviaylqappgaaeavvteaptaapseaaptlsddefawaklvyfercagchgtlrkgatgpaltpdrtiplgtvglstiiyngtsrgmpdwgkqgfftkeqievlarflqreppappelpmermkaswkmyvapdqrptapqtkrnwqnyfvvtlrdagqvavidgdtyevvskvdsgyavhitrmsatgryayvigrdgklamidlwtetpakvaevqvcydarsvevskyngpegdftdklavvgcywpphfvildgqtlepihivstrgytvdtmeyhpeprvasivasdfkpewiinvkeigqiwlvnyanprapqikmlpaarflhdggwdathryflvaanqsnkvavvdaqegrmvalvdtpkiphpgrganwvdpefgpvwssghlgdpaivsigtdpeghpnvawkavrvtplpgagslfikthpnskwiwvdmtlnsdpalarticviakenpaephtcweassygravhfeynaagtevwvsiwgdaskpgetgeivvyddatltekaripnlvtptgkfnvyntvhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
alwppqyvimngdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitfigtdpaghpknawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdvdnlaagyevmpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsreqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganltdpqfgpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpqghkdsawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtphnpdpkisqsvavfdihnfdagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvaaivashykpefivnvketgkilvvdysdirnlkvteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanargkvavidtkessltailetggqtphpgrganlnhptygpvwatshlgdesvtligtdpvghpdsawkvvqtlyglgggslfvkshptsenlyvdaplnpdaevsgsiavfktadltqeepeytvlpivewagiaegqprvvqgefnqagdeiwfsvwngkdlesaivvvddrtlklkavikdprlitptgkfh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmvydtqefhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkvlrvdysdvknlkvtaveaerflhdrgldstkryflvaanarhkivvidtktgsltailetggqtphpgrganlshpthgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdkawkvvqtlealgggslfvkshpksdhlyvdaplnpeaeisasiavfkvseldqdepkfktlpigewagiaegqprvvqgeynqagdevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>Pseudogulbenkiania_sp._NH8B  coded_by=1476960..1478501,organism=Pseudogulbenkiania sp. NH8B,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region NirN
mkallplallaalgslqpasanpaalyqqhcqschgdnrmgamapallpqslerlkpaeildtirhgrsatqmpafaerladadiqalagylktapeqparwsdadtaasrvvyadparlpakpvhradpqnlfvvveagdhhvsvldgdtlspiarfqsrfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvtqydlytlqnvaeirvglntrnvavssdgrwvlagntlpetlvlldanglkpvktlavqdaagktsrvsavydaaprhsfivalkdvpelweisydpkaarvypghvhdykmgealsvdgflnprvtpldlvlddfffdpayrhvigasregraqvinldirrkvaelpldgmphlgsgiafeegghrymatpnlssgrvtvidldswqrvkdiptlgpgfflrshentpyawvdammgakkdtlaiidkrtlevvktvtprpgkttahveftrdgryalvsvmenpgellvldaatfrevkslpmakpigkynvfnkvtrsegtsh
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvinaketgkiylvnykdlknlrvttldaakflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkddklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwttshlgdetismigtdpvkhkaqawkvvdtvkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnlhkgfevlpiaewanvgegakrvvqpgynkagdevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiiniketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstlryfltaanqsnkiavidsrnrklvalpdvtkvphpgrganikdpefgpvwitsalgdasitflgtdpenhpeqawkvvrilqgqgggslfvkshpnsmnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsiavfdvndldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgsevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvdysdvdtlsvrdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalidvtktphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimegntleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkvavvdskernltamidvdkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkivlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpkaeiaspvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdavepvkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivanhhkpefvvnvketgkvmladysdlnnlkiteiaaarflhdggwestqryvmmaanqsnkiavidtvegklaslvnvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpvkhkqnawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakvsqsiavydinaldkgfvalpiaewaglgegakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkishpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvilvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvlmvnyeditnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidskldvltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpesknlwadaplnpdtrisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvlmvnyeditnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidskldvltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpesknlwadaplnpdtrisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvlmvnyeditnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidskldvltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpesknlwadaplnpdtrisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvlmvnyeditnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidskldvltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpesknlwadaplnpdtrisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlavttipaarylhdggwdkthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrdlealidvtkiphpgrganfthpkhgpvwatsalgnenitligtdpnkhadnawkvveilkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtiavydinnldkgfdvlpiaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlavttipaarylhdggwdkthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrdlealidvtkiphpgrganfthpkhgpvwatsalgnenitligtdpnkhadnawkvveilkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtiavydinnldkgfdvlpiaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlspvkivstrgmtvdsqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdsenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpdygpvwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdsafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpvssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsiavydvnnleggyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkegtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_IGB83  coded_by=complement(113..1594),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa IGB83,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgspaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.4  coded_by=2351689..2353170,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.4,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgspaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdsredkltalidvtsiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtplnpdtkisqsiavydvknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynatgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepvkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyedvknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvavvdtkdnklvaliesggikphpgrganivhpefgpvwvtshlgdeivsligtdpdghpenawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnsknlyvdtplnpepelassvtvwnvddleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwnskdqesaivvvddktrqpvavirderlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root329  coded_by=complement(259840..261528),organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root329,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfaltlttlcsalalavshaasaeepaaattppmvktagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtyidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgddgisligtdptkhpqyawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfdidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=1..1683,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrite reductase
msnvgkpilagviaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqmnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_B1SMN1  coded_by=634994..636676,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri B1SMN1,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
msnvgkpilagviaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqmnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(3831696..3833378),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase precursor
msnvgkpilagviaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqmnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_4166  coded_by=complement(3879416..3881098),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 4166,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase precursor
msnvgkpilagviaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqmnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkivstrgqthdgeyhpeprvasivatpnrpewvvniketgmiklvdysdvknlketmiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpklgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpkstnlwadaplnperelaesvtvydiknldkgpeviniakmanlpeskaikrtvhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivilddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashakpefvvnvketgkilmvdysdlnnlktteigaarflhdggwdsskryflvaanqshkvavvdtktgklealvptgqiphpgrganfkdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpvknkknawkvvrslkgqgggnlfvkthpkssnlyadtalnpdpkisqsvavwdlksldkpaqilpiaewagikdgprrvvqpeynragnevwfsvwngkdqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Sulfuritalea_hydrogenivorans_sk43H  coded_by=2999064..3000812,organism=Sulfuritalea hydrogenivorans sk43H,definition=hydroxylamine reductase
mgkmsfaawrkagltmlaalplalalsnasaqdrakpgvtdtemkyqagdspmgkvemhqninpkappmtkaefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkplttdktlasgteylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgelndaqvdlmaryvqqepptppewgmkemlaslkvtvppsqrptrkmnnldlanlfsvtlrdageialidgatkkivkvlktgyavhisrmsksgrylyvigrdarinlidlwmteptnvaeikvglearsvetskykgyedkyaiagtywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdlnnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkdqawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeanvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigewagikddgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvivddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfnvhntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwditkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganvtdpkygptwvtsalgnekvtfigtdpeghednawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsiavfdvdnldagykvlpiadwaklgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddkslklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpvkhkdqawkvarvlqgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpvkhkdqawkvarvlqgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitdgftlkplkivstrgitvdgeyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvketgqiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanashkiavvdtkdgklealvdtqkiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvitligtdpakhpqnawkvvqelknhgagnlfvkthpkskhlwsdapqnperelaesvsvydltdlskppkviniakiaglpetkaikravhpeynvngdevwislwggkkdpsaivvmddktlkpkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitdgftlkplkivstrgitvdgeyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvketgqiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanashkiavvdtkdgklealvdtqkiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvitligtdpakhpqnawkvvqelknhgagnlfvkthpkskhlwsdapqnperelaesvsvydltdlskppkviniakiaglpetkaikravhpeynvngdevwislwggkkdpsaivvmddktlkpkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysdvdslsvtdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrelealvdvtktphpgrganlidpdygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelyavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiistrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkillvdysdidnlavrtigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklealidvtkiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdnvgnnkehawkvvralkgqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdtplnpdtkisqsvavfdvndpekgfdvlpiaewagigegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeeesalvvvddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfivniketgkillvnyedvenlqvttipaarflhdggwdrnkryfltaanksdkiavvdsrerrlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghksdawkavrvmqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfntddpdagfevvpiaawadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkneesaivivddktrklkhvikspslitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqfdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfpvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvvmdgdtlepqkivstrgltvdtseyhpepraaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvmlvdysdlsnltittidaalflhdggwersrryfmsaanksnkiavidskerklvklievgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdasislistdvgknrawqvvrtlqgqgggslflkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsiavfdiehldqgferlpiaewaaigdgplrvvqpeynyagdevwfsvwngkdqesalvivddktrklkhvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealvdatkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpvkhkkhawkavrtlraqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdnplhpdakvsqsvavydisnleggyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeysaagdevwfsvwngqeqvsaivvvddktcalkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviigtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryflaaanqsnkiavvdakereiealvdaekiphpgrganfkdpefgpvwatnplgnenitligtdprrnkkhawkpvrvikaqgggslfvkthpksknlwfdntlhpdpkvsqsigvytvgdidnpnttyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngleqksaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgviklvnyedidnlqettieaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanksdkvvvvdsrerklaaivdvdkiphpgrganfvhaeygpvwvtsalgnekitmiatdpignpdhawkvvkvlegqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsiavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvhpeysetgdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgdeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdvenlgvttidaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksdkvavidskerkltamvdvekiphpgrganfthpkygpvwvtsalgnaditmigtdpeghpqhawkavgilqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeepisqsiavfdidnldagytvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklervikgtdvvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(653403..654884),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrligltlglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>890,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimngdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefiinvketgkimmanygdinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsshryfmsaanasnkiavvdskdqelealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsiavigtdpknhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslfikthpksknlwvdstlnpdagisqsiaifditnldkapevvniadlaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfnegqfqh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>852,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywpppqfvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgkvmmvnyqdiknlkvttidaerflhdggfdstgryfpvaanardkvavidtkenklvalietggkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkknawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdltnldkpyevvnvgemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgtevwfsvwnakdqksaivviddktrklkkvirddrl
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=8023..9684,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrite reductase
mlagliaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwsktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqlnninlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlksttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvislistasedpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldsmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyiihegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvnlketgmirlvdysdiknikettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanmsnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkskphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpqnawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpksnnlwadaplnperelaesvtvydiknldkgpeliniaklaglpeskaikrtvhaeynnkgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmngdtleplrivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedienlkvttidaarflhdggwdstrryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnradnawktvrviqgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqgeynmqgdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelktvikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqytimkgdtleplkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashekpefivniketgkilmvnysdidnlqvttidaarylhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdskdsklealievgeiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwatshlgdesivligtdpdkykdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdtknsqtvavfdlknldktykvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwsgkkeesalvivddktlklkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsnkiavidskdrelealtdvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnekitflgtdpegrpdqawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkshpnsknlwvdtpldpdtaisqsvavfntedldagyvtlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgptivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepikivstcgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklaalvdvtkiphpgrganltdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdealsqsiavydvnnldggfevlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikspdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashrhpdfivnvketghillvdysdvenltvtdigaapflhdggwdrtqryfltaanksdkiavvdsedrslealidvekiphpgrganlvdpvygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpegrpenawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpessnlwvdaplnpdetisqsvavfdignldggftmlpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgplivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashrhpdfivnvketghillvdysdvenltvtdigaapflhdggwdrtqryfltaanksdkiavvdsedrslealidvekiphpgrganlvdpvygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpegrpenawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpessnlwvdaplnpdetisqsvavfdignldggftmlpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgplivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashrhpdfivnvketghillvdysdvenltvtdigaapflhdggwdrtqryfltaanksdkiavvdsedrslealidvekiphpgrganlvdpvygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpegrpenawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpessnlwvdaplnpdetisqsvavfdignldggftmlpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgplivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatnpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatnpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>Ruegeria_pomeroyi_DSS-3  coded_by=242141..243835,organism=Ruegeria pomeroyi DSS-3,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
malglaapmvaaqdshgsdagaayqpsmttlgalnleipgrregdpvmtqeeynignkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrdvgyeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgemseeeidimaryilldpasppefgmaemretwkvlvapadrptekmndididnlfsvtlrdsgqvalidgasykihavidtgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdalvnmidlwmetpatvaqikvgsearsietskfkgfedmyaiagsywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmvyddqsyhpeprvasivashfnpefivnvketgkilmidysdiknlkvteieaerflhdggfdsskryflvaanargkvavvdtkdstltalvetggqtphpgrganlmhptygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdnawkvvqtlyaqgggslfvkshptsehlyvdaplnpdaeisgsvavfklgdlaqeepeytvlpivewaeigegqprvvqgefnqegneiwfsvwnakdlesaivvvddktlelkavikdprlitptgkfnvyntradvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>850,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltlepkqvvpvpmvdingvplienrvaaivsshnhpvwalclkesghvgivdysdpagldfplaatipaakfmhdggfdhtgnyflamanasnqivvinlqtqtreaiidsgitphpgrgvnwhdpdfgwvnaaphlgegkitvygadpinrpdvawqvvkqiplpsagslfikshpnspwvlvdmtmsatgyeksiaffrkadgvlnlvspqvmtlpangrlvhfefnmsgteiwisdwapdgavivldsqtlteirkftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgliklvnyedienlkettieaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanksnqvavvdsrdqklaalvevketphpgrganledpefgpiwvtsalgnanitaigtdpeghpnhawkvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpdtalsqsvavfdvndfdagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgliklvnyedienlkettieaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanksnqvavvdsrdqklaalvevketphpgrganledpefgpiwvtsalgnanitaigtdpeghpnhawkvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpdtalsqsvavfdvndfdagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvteipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavidskedklvalvdvtkiphpgrganlvdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpekhhehawkvvrtlkdqgggslfvkshphsknlwvdttlnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhperrvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywlpqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganlvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytlmdgdtleplriestrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnyedpdnltvttinaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsqerklvtltevskiphpgrganlhdprfgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtgpesypdhawkvvrelqgqgggslfvkthphssnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavydinnldagftvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgdevwfsvwsgrdqesaivvvddktrtlkavikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnykdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdsqerkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhskhgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpnahpdkawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpkskslyvdtplnpdgkisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiadwagvgegpkrvvrpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyqdvnnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrelealvdvtkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeshadhawkvvrelegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdenvsqyiavfdindldagyvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrtlkhvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvttqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdienlgittidakeflhdggwdstlryfltaanksntvvvvdskdrklvakvpvdeiphpgrganfthpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtligtdpdkhpqeawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdsplnpegkisqsvavfdidnldagytilpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeynrkgdevwfsawsgkeeesaivvvddrtrtlkkvikgprivtptgkfn
>Bordetella_petrii  coded_by=4296068..4297552,organism=Bordetella petrii,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor / Cytochrome cd1
mrlstsllllaawlpsgaalaqnaaqlyqqhcetchgadrlggtgpallpeslarikrtealqtirqgrpasqmagfdqvldaaqtealadylyqppatpptwsdadigashrqlanpgtlpdtpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvvildgdqfeplarfpshfalhggpkfspdgryvyfasrdgwiskydlhnltmvaeiraglntrnlavsgdgrwvlvgnylpgglvlldardlslvgsiatpladgmpsrvsavytaprrqsfvvalkdvqevwelsyagqpdfiprripardflddfsftpdhryllatsrkahggqvidldsgatirdialpgmphlgsgiywqrgdswvfatpniskglisvldlhtwnvikeiptegpgffmrshrnspyawtdvffgpdndavhlidkqtlavahtlrpmpgknaahveftrdgrylllsvwdtdgaliiydshslqeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkieyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshehpefivnvketgqillvdysdvnspkettigaarflhdggwdaskryfmtaanqsdkiavvdakeqklaalvdvtriphpgrganivdpkygpvwvtsalgnaeitfigtdpeghpehawkavrvlegqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdegtsqsvavfdiddleagfevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwnamdqrsaivvekvidderivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvnyadiqnlqvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskerkltalvdvqkiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnaditaiatdpvnhkehawkvvrklrgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplhpdpavsqtaavydvtdlskgfeviqiaaaaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddatrkikhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnetvsligtdpkghkqhawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwidttlnpdeaisqsiavfdinnldkgfvalpiaqwaglgegakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkaviedkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkknkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvdysdmdalavttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealidapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwltsslgnenmtfigtdpvghkehawkvvrtlksqgggslfvkthpksdnlwvdnplhpvtkisqsvavydinnldagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitp
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvtaigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvtaigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidsrerklaamidvekiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwvtsalgddsitligtdpeghpeyawksvavlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewagvadgakrvvhpeynmagdevwfsvwsgmdeesaivivddktrelknvikgerivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidsrerklaamidvekiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwvtsalgddsitligtdpeghpeyawksvavlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewagvadgakrvvhpeynmagdevwfsvwsgmdeesaivivddktrelknvikgerivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidsrerklaamidvekiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwvtsalgddsitligtdpeghpeyawksvavlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewagvadgakrvvhpeynmagdevwfsvwsgmdeesaivivddktrelknvikgerivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvtsqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdienlgittidakeflhdggwdsslryfltaanksntvvvvdskdrklvakvpvdeiphpgrganfihpeygpvwvtsalgndkvtligtdpdkhpqyawkavkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeagisqsvavfdinnldagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkqvikgpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvtsqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdienlgittidakeflhdggwdsslryfltaanksntvvvvdskdrklvakvpvdeiphpgrganfihpeygpvwvtsalgndkvtligtdpdkhpqyawkavkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeagisqsvavfdinnldagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkqvikgpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivaseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddpkfakykshnwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkelaesvavwnmddlskpvkvinvakdsglpetkavkravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkillanyedldnmkiteigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskegalealvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsdlgdegiavigtdpakhktnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdekisqsvavfdinnldkgfevldiagmanlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwngktqksaivvlddktrklksvitderlitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimngetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvdysdidalrtttigaarflhdggwdlskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdqnlealidvrkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwvtsalgndnitligtdpqshpehawkvvrvlagqgggslfvkthpasrhlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfditdldagyqvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvhpeynaqgdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddetlklkaviddprivtptgqfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrdlealidateiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpdkhkdhawkaveilkgqgggslfvkthprstnlwvdsplnpdtrisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkdqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgkdmitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvinaketgkiylvnykdlknlrvttldaakflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkddklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwttshlgdetismigtdpvkhkaqawkvvdtvtgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnlhkgfevlpiaewanvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdkvsavvvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>Sulfurimonas_gotlandica_GD1  coded_by=complement(1432725..1434365),organism=Sulfurimonas gotlandica GD1,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mrlnklvmsvaalavvssglfagesnmdvekvfekecqgchgpnleggvgsdlrpavtakknaymlsevvlngragtampefkakftkddadkmvdyiqhfkgkkmavltldsvkagwkplndrmaffkkyphavdvkkntdicfvterdaervafvdgtsgkvlskhpagfavhvtvtnkrmpryaysisrsglvtmfdlntpgqqkiaqtqvgsdsrglavspdgkylmagnyvpggailmdamtleplkvyptssvikpngdigssrvagifdtpygpyiafalkdgghvyivdyskpnfpivgdipnigdilhdgflnegkeigrylfiasqgsdvvgvvdfktkslvtkiytgpsakphpgqgsswyneqlgqqlgatvnmnlgqvtiwddnfdvirqipigggglfigtsehtpflwadnvlggesnwnkvhlinkqtlevdriitvgtakgtvidpvthktlytwdvptvkdkdgkaitprilhaepanhgywtmisewncgrigiyeaktgkfvkyitglttptftysiehrqtipga
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywspqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtleyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegrgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmiydeqsyhpeprvasivashfnpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlkvteieaerflhdggfdttkryflvaanargkvavvdtkdgkltalvdggqtphpgrganlvhptygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpeqawqvvqtlyalgggslfvkshpnsnhlyvvaplnpdaetsgsiavfkvdvlepeyvtlpivewaeiaegqprvvqgefdqageeiwfsvwngkdlesaivvvddktlvlmkvikdqrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtfkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivaseskpewviniketgmirlvnysdlanlkettinsakflhdggwdsskryflvaanasnkvavvdtqegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisiigtdpagnpqnawkvvqelrnhganslfvkthpksenlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvyriadlgnpdpkpevldlaaaadlgktkgvqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddkarkvktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivaseskpewviniketgmirlvnysdlanlkettinsakflhdggwdsskryflvaanasnkvavvdtqegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisiigtdpagnpqnawkvvqelrnhganslfvkthpksenlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvyriadlgnpdpkpevldlaaaadlgktkgvqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddkarkvktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdlkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimegntleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkvavvdskernltamidvdkiphpgrganfvhkeygpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpeghpdhawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpaenisqsiavfdienldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA01  coded_by=complement(6828..8309),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA01,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrltglalgllllplaqaaeprgealyrqhcqachgaerlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldetgadalvaylyqapshaprwsaedirasrvqphplatlpaaprfqadplnlfvvvesgdhhvsildgdrfapiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlevvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhkdqawkvatvlkgqgggslfvkshpksqhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdignldagykvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepvkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>Thauera_chlorobenzoica  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=Thauera chlorobenzoica,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaeavfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfnv
>Thauera_chlorobenzoica  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=Thauera chlorobenzoica,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaeavfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfnv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplriqstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivavhnkpqfivnvketgkimlvdytdlknlrtteigasrflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavlddprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfiinvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegprrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtkagklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvervvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlepqkivgtrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvllvdysnpkaitettleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskereltalidvteiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatsalgnanitligtdpvkrgkkhawqvvrtlrglgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnpeagyeqlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkqgtevwfsvwngldqrsalvivddktrklikviddpriitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_chloritidismutans_AW-1  coded_by=complement(149524..150555),organism=Pseudomonas chloritidismutans AW-1,definition=hypothetical protein
mwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmydvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA037  coded_by=complement(279374..280396),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA037,definition=nitrite reductase
midlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA010  coded_by=134187..135209,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA010,definition=nitrite reductase
midlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetiavigtdpvkhkdsawkvvetlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdignlgkgyetipigemsgisegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngktqesaivviddatrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdptygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdptygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealvdatkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvasalgnenmtfigtdpvkhkkhawkavrtlsaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdnplhpdakvsqsvavydisnleggyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngqeqvsaivvvddktralkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkqrvdlplvdmngaslvenrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagfvsivpyadpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntqmlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwedpdygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpiarpdvawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydkdicaiskatgaldhcftvatngkavhfefnqdgsevvvsdwhpdgavivldsttltevrrfsglptptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvaptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdsqernlaalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpekhqknawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpnsknlyvdtplhpdtkisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvirdkrlitptgkfn
>Thioclava_sp._DT23-4  coded_by=31065..32660,organism=Thioclava sp. DT23-4,definition=hypothetical protein
mipntafserlrqgarvlavaglslpaaashlnaaeqgqtiyndlcaschaesrlggigpalipeslarlrgasleevvahgrtatqmpafadqltpdqiaavaayietpldhipdwtaqdilavlemnpdyvaadtpvfdadpmnitlvvetgdhhisvldgdtfevldrfptpfavhggpkfspdgryvfvmsrdgwvqkydiwslqevgrtraginsrniamsadgkwlavanylphtlsilstedltpvqvrrvvardgresrvsavyqapqresfilalkdapeiweigtteasgpfhdgfvhsheadmkeslgaeqglfarrrievaeplddffftpdyrnligasrsgdkgvvvnldvgreiaqlplpgmphlgsgiswesqgrqvmatphlregrlsvidtadwslvktietlgpgfflrshentpyvwadvffgpnkdkmhiidkdtleivrtldpapgktvahieftrdgkyalvsiweddgavivydaktleevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsdgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvaaidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefvvnvketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardklaivdtkenklvsiiesggikphpgrganlvhpehgpvwvtshlgdetvsligtdpvnhpdkawtvvetlegqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvgtplnpeaelassvavfdinnlaagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefdkdgteiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkqvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>847,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvmdgltleplkvesvltptydtaedldevrvasivashydpiwvislkesghvaivdysmpefpivakipterflhdggfahdqryfvvaanmrdqmvvvdlkdkkmvtkfetgikphpgrganwgdpeygwvnatthlgepkmaiygadpegspdnawkvvrevalpsagglflkthphskwvwfdsplsadenltrqicvyskasgevekcwqptdrgrtvhfeynkagtevwvsgwdrdgvvfvyddesleeiaridedwmvtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvahkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfqindleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddrtlklkaviddqriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvahkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfqindleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddrtlklkaviddqriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>835,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplarvdlprdafdtgeelfevrvasivaspfeplwvmslkesgwvalvdyeqpgfpiatriegvrtlhdggwdhtkrwfmvaataadqmvvvdvldkerdaiipmgdgphpgrganwldpdfgwvnatthmgegrlivygadpigrpehawqvvrdvalpnggglflkthdaspwvfmdsplstdpeginevcvyekstglldhcfspsptarsvhfefnrtgtevwtsvwdtdgavvvydavtlvelarvpgletptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaieashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpnsgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>893,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgniydeqvyhpeprvasilashfkpefivnvketgkilmvdysdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfvvaanargkiaavdtkegkltalvetggatphpgrganfthpvygpvwatshlgdesvallgtdpeghpdqawkivdsfyalgggslfikthpnsqhlyvdaplnpdaeisasvavfdiaamggdpavdpefttlpigewagiaegqprvvqpefnkegteiwfsvwngkdkesaivvvddktlelktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpdqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdiedldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedldnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdsrerniealidvtkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnenitligtdpvgnkqhawkvveilkgqgggslfikthprsrnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikdkklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedldnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdsrerniealidvtkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnenitligtdpvgnkqhawkvveilkgqgggslfikthprsrnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikdkklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvydtqeyhpepsvasivashyhpefvvniketgrilmvnyediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardrvavvdtkedklvalidsggikphpgrganldhpefgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavfnvddldagyevlpigewsgidegvrravqgeynkegteiwfsvwnskdqesaivivddstrelksvirderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpankkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdttlnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._2_1_26  coded_by=complement(258..1739),organism=Pseudomonas sp. 2_1_26,definition=hypothetical protein
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnirrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleasyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklryvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfavlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdlskryfltaanksdkvvvvdsrerklaaiidvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnekitviatdpeghpdyawkvvkvlegqgggslfvkthpnsrnlwvdtalnpdesisqsvavfdidnlevgyqvlpiaewadvgegpkrvvhpeynengdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgdevitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgqvllvnyedlenlkittigaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkvavvdskdqklaamvevgaiphpgrganfvdpvngpvwatshlgdksvavigtdpeghpdqawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdtglnpvekisqsvvvfdidnldagykplpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqtsalvvlddktlevkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgttegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgttegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqytimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkillvnyadidnldvttigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksdkiavvdskerkltalvdadkiphpgrganldgpahgpvwvtsalgnekvtfigtdpskpdkawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdtplhpdpkisqsvavfdvnnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsdkdqesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwvtsalgndkvtllgtdpdhhkqyawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdtalnpdakiaqsvavydindleagykvlpiaewanvgegpkrvvqpeynvagdevwfsvwngksqksaivvvddktlklksvitdarlvtptgkfn
>Thauera_sp._28  coded_by=complement(76634..78316),organism=Thauera sp. 28,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mqnksligktlamailplamssawaqeapkltaeemeqgkliyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepawsktmpdgtkmeggtlklgtdrlekiiaygteggmvnyddiltpqeinlmaryiqveppippefslkdmkdswkllvpvdqrptkqmnkinlknvfavtlrdagklalidgdthqiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwfeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgntvdgdyhpeprvasivasmtkpewvvnvketgmillvdysdimnlkttqidsakflhdggwdasgryflvaanasnkiaavdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgdavvslistpsdeaknakfkehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnpereiaesvfvfdmndltkdpvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvyntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealvdatkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwitsalgnenmtfigtdpvkhkdhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdnplhpdakvsqsvavydidnldgeyevlpiaqwadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngqeqvsaivvvddktrelkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltnvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltnvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltnvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltnvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>Hydrogenobaculum_sp._Y04AAS1  coded_by=297010..298656,organism=Hydrogenobaculum sp. Y04AAS1,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mvkkflllgtvfgafmfvgkeavsqdsvpnsakqdtqpltkqeyemakqiyfnrcagchgelrtgaigpaltpdkmkqlgiqnietfitygspkgmpdwgksgvltpeqisvmarflqlpppsppefdlpdiektwqlivpvnqrpktpltnkdisnymgvvlrsaneaaiiddatkkpvailktghalhilradasgeyfysigrdgkvslidlyykhpkivaqikacydarsvevslyhgkegdyrdkyaivgcywppqfvildgstlkplkvvstvgyqvgtgkfirdprvaaivasyfhpewivnvketgqiwivnykdlknlkitmvdaapflhdggwnstkryflaaanasnkiavldakkdklaklidtpklphpgrganiynpkygplycssfigqgvvacigtdpkhhpqyawkvvkiiklpgegggslfiktnphvhymfvdrtlnpdqklqrqfyaidtrtlkvvhtfnmpkdlkgrfvdfdfnkqgtelwvsdwdkegailiynpntfkledvikgkwvisptgkfnvyntvhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfptaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedklialadvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpnekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfliaanksdkiavvdskeskltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_veronii  coded_by=8915..10588,organism=Pseudomonas veronii,definition=nitrite reductase
mltrnrkpftlslaalscalalalplsahgapqpaevktagapdmsqadfdtskqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltktqishmasfiqhtaptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlndlnlenlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklintgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpaeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkyaiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivniketgkvmlvnyqdiknltittidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvevgktphpgrganfvhptygpvwatshlgdggisvigtdpikhpqyawkqveslkgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsaavfdidhldkgytvlpiaeyagikqgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqteesalvviddkslklkavikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
geipysywppqyvimdgpslepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgrillvdysnvdalkvttldaarflrdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsqeqkmvglidvdkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatsalgnekitliatdpakhaqhawkvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpnsqnlwvdtplnpdakisqsvtvfdinnldkgfevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktrklkaviddprmitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlqplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkknkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfniddldkgyqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvsvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfdpiwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshprsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavynvddpeagyevlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkrvikgpklitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshprsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavynvddpeagyevlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkrvikgpklitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtpeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgttvdgayhpeprvasivssttkpeflisvketgmvkmvdysdltnlrettintakflhdggydsskryflvaanasnkiavvdikegkfealvdtakiphpgrganinhpkygpvwatshlgadvitligtdpknrpehawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksdnlwadsplnpdpklagsvtvykvselgsadakpevidvaaaanlgktkglqrvvqgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivviddksrkvkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkvavvdskerkltamidvdkiphpgrganfvhkkygpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpeghpdhawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpaenisqsiavfdtddldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkdvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkdvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydglslepkqrvdlpmvdiygaplvenrvasivashhdpvwvisqkeagyvsivdysdpaglnfpivsniatakylhdggfdhtgnyfmvaanqsnkmvvvdlvsqslealidtgevphpgrgvnwfdpdygwvnatphisegrvlvygadpvghpdvawkvvrdiplpsagslfikshpnspwvlvdmtkgsveyqkdicaiakatgtldrcftvaangaavhfefnmygsevwvsdwdpngavivldsttlteirritglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdggtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlkltkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlkltkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddkknaqykannwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvavwdmadlskpkailnvakdsglpetkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpesltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpdsanawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpesltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpdsanawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpesltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpdsanawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpesltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpdsanawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpesltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpdsanawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfivniketgkillvnyedvenlqvttipaarflhdggwdrnkryfltaanksdkiavvdsrerrlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghkseawkavrvmqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfntddpdagfevvpiaawadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkneesaivivddktrklkhvikspslvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfealpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlaplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklaalidvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtaigtdpeghpdsawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdvafsqsiavydvnnlaggfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwggkdqesaivviddktrtlkavikgpelitptgkfne
>endosymbiont_of_unidentified_scaly_snail_isolate_Monju  coded_by=complement(1698573..1699994),organism=endosymbiont of unidentified scaly snail isolate Monju,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mgpallpenlhrlkrdraaevirhgrpatqmpafadklddvqvkalvdyiytplprvpewgmaqirgshkvlvdeaalpahpvhdadpmnlfvvvelgdhhatildgdrfqpihrlkthyavhggpkyspdgrfvyfssrdgwisrfdmwslqvtaevragintrnlavsadgryvmvanylphslilldardlspirvipvagddgttsrvsavydapprhsfiaalkdipevweisyvddplpvyngpmhdyrmdegvaradgrfpvrrirlrdylddfffdpayrlligasrdggkgqviqldlgrkiadlaldgmphlgsgitwkyqgrpvlatpnlrkgevtvidmrdwqvikrirtdgpgffmrshentpyawvdvffgphrdevhiidkrtleivrtlrpvpgktaahvefdkdgrhallsiwdrdgavivydaatfeevkrlpmvkpsgkynvhnkitrsagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqfvimdgetlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvretgqimlvnyedinnpkitnieaarylhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavtdskeqklvalvdateiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpvnhkehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgikddgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgteeqsaivivddktrklkkviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgptleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefvvnvketghilmvnyedmenlkvtaiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardklavvdtkdnklvalfesggskphpgrganflhptfgpvwatshlgdeiislvgtdpvghagqawtvvqtlegqgggslfikthpvstnlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldagyevlpigersgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdsafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpeeaisqsiavydvnnldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpesqnlwvdaplnpdesislsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivndktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaalyphdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerelealidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekvtligadpvkhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdagisqsvavydinnldkgyvvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgteqesalvvvddktrelkkvikdpslitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrqlvalidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
alwppqyvimegdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdnrpdeawqtvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsgnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldagfetlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwggkeqesaivvvddktrtlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
alwppqyvimegdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdnrpdeawqtvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsgnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldagfetlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwggkeqesaivvvddktrtlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlksldakyqvlpiaewadlgqgakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlavttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrdlealidateiphpgrganfihpqygpvwatsalgnenitvigtdpnehkdqawkvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpnstnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnlgkgfdvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgktqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdkmitptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkehawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdanvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigdwagikddgarrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkisalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>Marinobacter_sp._EN3  coded_by=167669..169183,organism=Marinobacter sp. EN3,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mnlnqaranlkkilliagalitgpalaeqannhstetlylqqcaachgpdrlggmgpallpenlgrlkkaeaeqviregrpatqmagyktilndqqiaaltdfiyqppshelkwgeaeirssrevshpqgslpdepvfeadlmnlflvveigdhhvtlldgdkmepihrfpsrfalhggpkyspdgryvyfgsrdgwitkydiynlkvmaevraginmrniavsadgnyvlaanylphsmvlfdaanlemldfipvendagdssrvsavyaapprssfiaalkdipeaweitvenreakvrwmttdtllddfffdpgyqhligaardgkhgvvidldtgnttaelplpgmphlgsgitweyegrrvmatphfragaisiidmdtweviktlktegpgffmrshensryawadvffgpnadkvhiidkqtleivktlqpepgkvaahvefdrhgeklllsiwdnegaiivydadtleeekripmnkpsgkynvwnkinyeegtsh
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvaiidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=96..1751,organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mrkrkkvliggalvfvlfagtyaqqqqkeelpppppltkqemerakeiyfdrcagchgalrkgatgpaltpdktrklgtetlktfitygtpggmpdwgrqgiltpeevdlmaryiqhdpppppelplgemkkswkvyvppekrpqkpehnrnwqnfmavilrdigkvaiidgdtkelvstvdtgyavhiarysasgrylytigrdgkvvlidlwmkkpdkvaevktcydgrsldtskykgpkgdfldklaiigcywppsfvivdgqtleplkivatsaytydtneflrearvasmvashydpewvvnvkeagqiwlvdysnihapkitmidaerflhdggwdaskryflvaanfrdtisvvdtkekklvknikvgtrphpgrganidhpkygplwctghlgdntircigtdpvkhpqyawkvvvkmempgegggnlfikthpksphlwadralnndpklqrslfvfdkntfqikkvieippefqgravhleynkngdevwvavwskknepekqailvyddktltlkkaitgnwvatptghfnvyntmkdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssfikpewvvniketgqiilvdysdienlktttissakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdekknaqykqnnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvsvwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnltvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdsrdrklvtlvdvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgndkitliatdpvnhpdvawtavdvisgqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdtplnpeaeisqsvavfdinnleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynengdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgddiitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanatdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegrgggslsikthpksknlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfdisnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvvkderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkpmkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlkvttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiavvdtkegklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatghlgadvvtligtdpekhkdnawkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadapqnpekeiaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkairravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlalkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>Thiolapillus_brandeum  coded_by=complement(2918377..2919945),organism=Thiolapillus brandeum,definition=hypothetical protein
mgsagiasadtaykditpakdiqgrtvtdfvssecggchnpkltgatgpnitmdrlrnglkgaaakkaapyiypfpeesvyatikggrsgtampawgtasnpigkpltegemkaiaqhvynvpppkdfhwtmddmmktwqdvkasengkvtpaknvddllfvterenfsvavidttkqdvvahlpagarahgytfspdgkyaynlgrdgwlyqydlktlqaikkvrlgldargiavsdngkylltgmyiptqavivdaitlkpikiidthhvkdpdgdyvdsricsvndvdpkkvgpyflmalkeggqvwridwskpdfpvakvanvgkilhdgflrednktfylasqssnwvaaidvatmkilkkiptgkkphpgegavweedgveyaatphigegkltiwrtdnneiagtvkteapglfiraahnmkyvwadsifppkpneitvferkppfkavkhimdgtltvhpepdtagkfvyvsdwkenkvrvyndetlelvktiegiktptgifavhrrhetggh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplqivstrgytvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedidnlkvatigaarylhdggwdsthryflaaanksdkiavvdskdrkltalvdvtkiphpgrganledpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpaknkehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdaplnpdtgisqsvavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikdegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesalvivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkvindprivtptgksn
>Thauera_sp._28  coded_by=complement(9944..11671),organism=Thauera sp. 28,definition=cytochrome c, class I:cytochrome d1, heme region
mivgsskhlraiaisalalacqaafaeapaghsdaamkeyqaaasplaevpmhhdinplaprmsepefdkasriffercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltlekgldylkvfikygspggmpnwgtsgvltddevdlmaryiqqtppappefglkemeaswkvvipvekrptkkmndlklenlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskqivsiietgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinlidlwmekpetvaeikvglearsvesskakgwedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlqprkivstrgmvvgtqdyhpeprvaaiisshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlenlsikmieaapflhdggfesshryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegkleklvdvgkvphpgrganfldpkygpvwatghlgdetisligtdpekhpdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthptsknlwvdttlnpdekisqavavwdidnidkgyelipigdwsgikagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngadqesaivvvddrtrklkavirdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Thauera_aromatica  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=Thauera aromatica,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepmkivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgmiqlvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnpereiaesvfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiiniketgkvlmvnyedienlrvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidsredaltalvdvteiphpgrganfkdpeygpvwvtsalgnenvtaiatdpvgnpevawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthprssnlwvdsplnpdtkvsqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewagiegagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklknvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpeqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikapeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevcvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdstgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ID4365  coded_by=60145..61626,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ID4365,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_152504  coded_by=13..1494,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 152504,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ATCC_700888  coded_by=complement(1358..2839),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 700888,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB15  coded_by=1113958..1115439,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB15,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB15  coded_by=complement(18196..19677),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB15,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_X13273  coded_by=complement(515872..517353),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa X13273,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_S54485  coded_by=complement(524440..525921),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa S54485,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL21  coded_by=complement(525551..527032),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL21,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL03  coded_by=148200..149681,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL03,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>836,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkqrvdlpmidingdplvenrvasivashnhpvwvvslkeagivsivdysdpaglnfpivaniatakflhdggfdhtgnyflvaanasnkmvvvdlvsqslaatidtgavphpgrgvnwvdpdygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpagrpdvawqivreitlpssgslfikshpnspwvlvdmtlsatgdeqdicaiskstgaldrclsvasngravhfefnmdgsevwvsdwdpngavivldsttltelrrfvnlqtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlkpkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketghillvnyadvdalsvttleaarylhdggwdrthryfltaanqsnkiavvdskersvialvdatkvphpgrganiddpkfgpvwitsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkdsawkavrvikgpgggslfvkshpksgnlwvdtplnpdvnlsqsvavykvddldtgfeslpiakwadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqtsaivvvddktrklkkvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytvmdgdtlkplkvvstrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivasetkpewvvniketgqillvdysdietlktatigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmndlskpkailnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggradqsaivvyddatlkvkkvvtdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlttttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklvakvpvdeiphpgrganfihpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakheqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldagykvlpigewaglgkgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlttttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklvakvpvdeiphpgrganfihpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakheqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldagykvlpigewaglgkgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplrivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdienidvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpegnpgkawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpsstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvvvfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshprsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavynvddpeagyevlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkrvikgpklitptgkfnerqfqht
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1  coded_by=3951..5432,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1,definition=NirN
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsdhgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqftimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgqvmlvnyedldnmsitnigtaqflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsdkvvvidskdrklaaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtshlgddtisligtdpenhpeqawkvvatlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdttfnptaavaqsaavfdinnleagfkvlpiaewsgiesgsrrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqdeesaivvvddktlelkkvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmptnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashxxpdfivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidsrerklaamidvxkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwvtsalgddsitligtdpeghpeyawksvavlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewagvadgakrvvrpeynmagdevwfsvwsgmdeesaivivddktrelknvikgerivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleppkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpegnpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimsgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasiisshikpewvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvetkkiphpgrganfmhpkygpvwatghlgdavvslistpsekkedqkykqynwkvveelpmpgagnlfvkthpksthlwtdlpmnperentesayvfdlkdlskppvkidvakdsglpvtkalrravhpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktmkvkkvitgpdiitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntlepqkivstrgmtadtneyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkvllvnyqdvdnlsvttiptarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkvvvidskdrkmtamidvdkiphpgrganfvhakygpvwgtsalgndkitligtdpvghpenawkvvevlkgqgggsllikthpkskhlyvdtplnpgekisqsiavfdttnldkgykvlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalviiddktlklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivsvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsiavfdinnleggykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnkdgdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaaiddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkavstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgliklvnyediqnlkettieaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksnyiavvdsldqkltamievhevphpgrganidhpkfgpvwltsalgsedisligtdpdghpqhawkvvqvlkgqgggslfvkshpnssnlyvdtplnpeagisqsvavfdvndldagykvlpiaewagidgpgpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktltkkavikapglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvitegdtlkplkvvstrgitvdgeyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvkeagmillvdysdirnlktttiesakflhdggwdiskryflvaanaahkiavvdtkegklaalidtkkiphpgrganfthptygpvwatghlgdavvtligtdpeknqqhawkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksthlwadvpqnperdlaesvyvfdlkdpskapvqlnvakdsglaetkairravhpeyneagdevwislwagktdasaiviyddktlklkavikdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivachyrpefivnvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtaieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyevvpigqmsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivachyrpefivnvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtaieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyevvpigqmsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashghpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivsargmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvrnlkvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrdqklaalidvskiphpgrganirdpelgplwvtsalgsaditfigtdpvghatnawkpvkilqgqgggslfvkshpnsrnlwvdsplnpdagisqsvavfdvnnldggfevlpiaawaelgpgpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddknrslkkvikgprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplriqstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivavhdkpqfivnvketgkimlvdytdlknlrtieigasrflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnqvavvdskddaleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhkkeawkvvqtlkaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpkvnqsvvvfdiknldkpyevlpiadwaqvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>Ruegeria_atlantica  coded_by=15238..16914,organism=Ruegeria atlantica,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mslgisykktgrafgvglamllgsvaaptlaeeptlnkdafesskqlyfercagchgvlrkgatgksleplvetknadgtvtesgtlklgqerlekiiawgteggmnnfsdvmsedeisnmatyiqmeppkppemsleqmmatrkvyvepedypseplhgrnwenffvvierdvgkvavidgdtkevlahiptgyavhvlkasehhkleepenpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqnpenmlvaevtigydardvavsgdgkyviggaywpphfaivdaetmepkkvvstrgynvdgdyveearvaaiyttpneptwivavkelgqlwqvdysdldnlridkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtethkleamidtaplphpgpganwddpncgpvagtthlgegtvtvwgndpegrpddawkvcyevetdgpglfirthpesdyiwadqtkhpepevqqsvqvidkatgeivktiqiteeegnvavhfefnqdgsevwvskwnrstskeangeiviydaktleeigrvkglfaptgkfnvynrsnhvt
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpgfiidvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpgfiidvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanitmlgtdpeghpdqawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdegisqsvavydvnnldagyevipvaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanitmlgtdpeghpdqawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdegisqsvavydvnnldagyevipvaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtsrlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslkgqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqylimegdtlkplkiistrgmtvgtneyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnaketgkimmvnygdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasniiamvdtkedklaalidvgktphpgrganftdpkygpvwstghlgeetisligtdpekhkdsawkvartlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavwdiknldkpyevvpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqvmlvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgreeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Ruegeria_sp._CECT_5091  coded_by=complement(38817..40370),organism=Ruegeria sp. CECT 5091,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mirrtnsfdtlkigtlcslllagtawadaqsdyaehcaschgenrlggvgpalipetlkrmrgprvasviaegrtatqmpafsheldalqieelagwlkspletdpewgetdimasrtldedytpvdapawdsdpmnitlavetgdhhvsvldgdtfevldrfetpfavhggpkfspdgryvfimsrdgwvqkydiwalkqvgriraglnsrniamsgdgkwvavanylpnsltllstkdlsvakvidikskkgvpsrvsavyqappresfvlalkdvpeiwevfygdnppqfglghdfriegqfknpnsfpvrkittpdylddfffdqsyeyvmgasrdgkggqvidlvigqkvadldlpgmphlgsgitwrrgdttvmatphltdgtvsvidmetwetvkriktegpgffmrshenspyvwadvffgpnkdamhvidkqsleivktlrpapgktvahveftkdgrhalvsiweddgavivydaqtleevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimngttleplkivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlgvttidaaaflhdggwdstlryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrklaalvdvddiphpgrganfvlkefgpvwatsalgndkvtligtdpdhhqqnawkvvkvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpepaisqsiavfdidnldagykvlpiaewaklgpgpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpepcvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltevtkiphpgrganledptygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghaanawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavydvndfdagytvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyediknlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpvkhkdqawkvarvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddkslalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyediknlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpvkhkdqawkvarvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddkslalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivasehkpewvinvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkevtvnsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktaklaalvdtakiphpgrganfnhpthgrvwatshlgadvisiigtdpegnkdkawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksdnlwadaplnpdaklagsvsvykiselgnpnaksevidiaaaaelgktkglqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddksrkvktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium_2304  coded_by=3900..5627,organism=uncultured bacterium 2304,definition=putative cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase NirS
mskrairatalalaaalaagltfaqakdphpvtpaeknyqagasplagqpmyqssnpkapqmtqaefelgrkvyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditlgkgteylkvfiaygspagmpnwltsgemdektvdvmaryiqqdppvppefgmadmkktwkvivppaqrpkrkmnnfnianifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaelriglearsvetskykgyedklaiagaywppqfvimngdtleplkivatrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvasivgshfkpefvvnvketgktllvdysnidalkvtelesapflhdggldstkryfmvaanqsnkiaamdlkegkmaklievgkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwstghlgdetisligtdpvknkanafkvvqtlkgqgggslflkshpksqhlyvdtplnpdpkisqtlavfdiknlekgftvlpvaewagikdggamrvlqpeynragdevwlsvwsakdkqsaivviddktlkpkavikdprlitptghfnvfntqrdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgptlepqkivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivsshqhpefivnvketgkvllvdysdmdalaittleasqflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkivaqvdaskiphpgrganivdpeygpvwitsalgnenmtfigtdpkknpqhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdntlaptadvyqsiavydinnleggyevlpiakwadvgegparvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqeqtsaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
rpwppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefivniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvavvdtkedklvaliesggikphpgrganimhpefgpvwvtshlgdevvsligtdpenhpdhawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnsknlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavfniddleagyevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwnskdqesaivvvddktrelsavikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvniketgqillvnykdlknltvttipaerflhdggfdksgryflvaanarhkiavvdtkegklvgviekgqtphpgrganlthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpgknkanawkvvqtvngqgggslfikthpksgnlyidtplnpdaeisssvavfnikdlnpeykvlpigqwsgisegqrrvvqgefnkegteiwfsvwnnkaqesaivvvddktmalktvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_CCUG_29243  coded_by=837588..839300,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri CCUG 29243,definition=nitrite reductase
mskpllagviaglsmlalgiaqaqdnpeekaeaaykgqasaidpasaqvvhspgapdltsaefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmkemknswnvlvkpedrpkkqmnklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwgkepvkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnyedinnltttmigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdakisqsaavfdisnleggykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngqeeesaivvvddktlelktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegeslkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasiaashykpefvinaketgkimlvnyqdlnnlkittldaakflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkaqawkvvasikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsrsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewanlgdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdkvsavvvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>853,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
timdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngktqesaivviddmtrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Thalassomonas_viridans  coded_by=34702..36330,organism=Thalassomonas viridans,definition=nitrite reductase
mkkikyglsvlglavgmatggvsmsvtaakptlseedfkkaelhyfqrcagchgvtrkgatgknlepenmlkkgqkrlekiislgteggmnnfddllskkeianlatfiqmeppvppemtlsqmrehtkeyvapkdyptkpkhnrnwqnffvvierdagkaaivdgdtkeiiahintgyavhvikgtehhkkdhvddvgrfwytigrdgkvnkidlwqtpdkmlvaetkmaydardiavsgdgkyviaggywpshfvimdavtlnplkvvstrgyntkgdyvnearvaaiyttpnestfmvavkelgqmwqvdytdidnlridhidsseflhdgffdpsgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtktrklesmidvdslphpgpganwideecgpvggtthlgtglvsvwgndpighpdkawklcyevetdgpgafirthetsqyvwadqlkhpepeiqqsvqvfdkktheivktirvteepgkaalhmefnddgsevwvsvwnrkdaknpsgeivvydaktlkekhrikglttptgkfnvynrihhkt
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvratshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvyktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnradnawktvrviqgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndidagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqgeynmqgdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelktvikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitdgetlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhskfgpawatshlgsdvisligtdpakhkqhawkvvqelknhgsgslfvkthpksknlwadaplnperelaesvtvydiknldkapeiiniaklaglpeskaikrtvhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdaklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiivshehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpggganfvhpkygpvwstshlgrrqhladrhrseepsavrleesrratgpgrrlavhqdhpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndigagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>884,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqivimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitpigkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvgaiiashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdmenltvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkvavvdsknrklvalvdvddiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnakismigtdpvkhpdhawkvvdvingqgggslfvkthprstnlwvdsplnpeaaisqsiavfdinnldagfqvlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrtlkkvikgdrvipptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheypefivniketgkillvdysdmdalavttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealidapkvphpgrganikdpeygpvwltsslgnenmtfigtdpkghkqhawkvvrtlksqgggslfvkthpksdnlwvdnplhpvpkisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashghpefivnvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvtkiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdtnnldagyerlpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynhagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkimatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgkilamnyedidnvkvteigaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiavmdsktdklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesialigtdpagnaknawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpsaeisqsvavydignldkpyevlnvaqmaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>897,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvaailashyrpeflvniketgkiqlvdytdlknlkiteieaerflhdggldstkryfitaanargklvvvdtkegklaaiaetggetphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghkdnawklvdsfpalgggslfiktypgsnhlyadatlnpdaaisgsvavfeidkmkgdgsdpefktlpiaewaeiadgqprvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdprlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvenlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdsredkltalidvtsiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksenlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagiegegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpddawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS50  coded_by=complement(534122..535603),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS50,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MTB-1  coded_by=complement(567151..568632),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MTB-1,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA026  coded_by=complement(513199..514680),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA026,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=158458..159939,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgeymvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgeymvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>887,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytvmdgdtlkplkvvstrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivasetkpewvvniketgqillvdysdietlktatigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanashkiaavdtktgklaalvdvaqiphpgrgahfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkdhakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmndlskpkailnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggkadqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyedisnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkknkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegmrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirgkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfammdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpgtrvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfvtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndnsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>Marinobacter_sp._EVN1  coded_by=166476..167990,organism=Marinobacter sp. EVN1,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mnlnqaranlntilliagalitgpalaeqassqntetlylqqcaachgpdrlggmgpallpenlgrlkkaeaeqviregrpatqmagyktilndqqiaaltdfiyqppshelkwgeaeirssrevshpqgslpdepvfeadlmnlflvveigdhhvtlldgdkmepihrfpsrfalhggpkyspdgryvyfgsrdgwitkydiynlkvvaevraginmrniavsadgnyvlaanylphsmvlfdaanlemldfipvendtgessrvsavyaapprssfiaalkdipeaweitvenreakvrrmatdtllddfffdpgyqhligaardgthgvvidldtgkttaelplpgmphlgsgitweyegrrvmatphfragaisiidmdtweviktlktegpgffmrshensryawadvffgpnadkvhiidkqtleivktlqpepgkvaahvefdrhgeklllsiwdndgaiivydadtleeekripmnkpsgkynvwnkihyeegtsh
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalsvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaivitddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA7  coded_by=complement(3127548..3129131),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA7,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
mynarpasafgvlpmalcaaaslasaappdsspgeaerlfqdncttchgadrggfiapalhsaalnssetalrsmimfgipdtlmppwlgvledeqiralahfikttprgkpewtledirnsvevladestlpdkpvydgdvrdlmavmvrgrhgkapaarvvfydgksnrqvgeiateyaphildydpvnprwgylktdtsevykidlyslkavrkvkaglsgpsiavsadgryllsgsfapgivtlldartleplsrvelrgtdydgkpvesassmviaspldntfaiavrqtgqvwildprqpqapivsriekvgrfvhdaflapdrrhmfladyvgnafavvdlqqrrlvktleggcqphvgsgavtpiggrmlafgtnigtcdkksvvtvwdaktfemvkqipvsgatespaahpdapyvavdivdkdrrarhvelidkntlsvvrtleadghlyfpeytrdgkylyvsggytgdrlhiydshsleevasypletpagifsrartewgtvglplalegsvkp
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(87074..88657),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C
mynarpasafgvlpmalcaaaslasaappdsspgeaerlfqdncttchgadrggfiapalhsaalnssetalrsmimfgipdtlmppwlgvledeqiralahfikttprgkpewtledirnsvevladestlpdkpvydgdvrdlmavmvrgrhgkapaarvvfydgksnrqvgeiateyaphildydpvnprwgylktdtsevykidlyslkavrkvkaglsgpsiavsadgryllsgsfapgivtlldartleplsrvelrgtdydgkpvesassmviaspldntfaiavrqtgqvwildprqpqapivsriekvgrfvhdaflapdrrhmfladyvgnafavvdlqqrrlvktleggcqphvgsgavtpiggrmlafgtnigtcdkksvvtvwdaktfemvkqipvsgatespaahpdapyvavdivdkdrrarhvelidkntlsvvrtleadghlyfpeytrdgkylyvsggytgdrlhiydshsleevasypletpagifsrartewgtvglplalegsvkp
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(86982..88565),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C
mynarpasafgvlpmalcaaaslasaappdsspgeaerlfqdncttchgadrggfiapalhsaalnssetalrsmimfgipdtlmppwlgvledeqiralahfikttprgkpewtledirnsvevladestlpdkpvydgdvrdlmavmvrgrhgkapaarvvfydgksnrqvgeiateyaphildydpvnprwgylktdtsevykidlyslkavrkvkaglsgpsiavsadgryllsgsfapgivtlldartleplsrvelrgtdydgkpvesassmviaspldntfaiavrqtgqvwildprqpqapivsriekvgrfvhdaflapdrrhmfladyvgnafavvdlqqrrlvktleggcqphvgsgavtpiggrmlafgtnigtcdkksvvtvwdaktfemvkqipvsgatespaahpdapyvavdivdkdrrarhvelidkntlsvvrtleadghlyfpeytrdgkylyvsggytgdrlhiydshsleevasypletpagifsrartewgtvglplalegsvkp
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(87179..88762),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C
mynarpasafgvlpmalcaaaslasaappdsspgeaerlfqdncttchgadrggfiapalhsaalnssetalrsmimfgipdtlmppwlgvledeqiralahfikttprgkpewtledirnsvevladestlpdkpvydgdvrdlmavmvrgrhgkapaarvvfydgksnrqvgeiateyaphildydpvnprwgylktdtsevykidlyslkavrkvkaglsgpsiavsadgryllsgsfapgivtlldartleplsrvelrgtdydgkpvesassmviaspldntfaiavrqtgqvwildprqpqapivsriekvgrfvhdaflapdrrhmfladyvgnafavvdlqqrrlvktleggcqphvgsgavtpiggrmlafgtnigtcdkksvvtvwdaktfemvkqipvsgatespaahpdapyvavdivdkdrrarhvelidkntlsvvrtleadghlyfpeytrdgkylyvsggytgdrlhiydshsleevasypletpagifsrartewgtvglplalegsvkp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedignlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskkqklaalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpenhkdsawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdttnleagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlqlkkviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdxksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdsltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwansalgnekvtligtdpvknadhpwkvvrvlkaqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtlefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdriphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>826,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvtydgltlepqnlvklpmtsiddetlpevrvaaivasefapvwvvnqkesgfvgivdysqegaplveniaaarflhdggwdhskryfltaanasdkivvvdvqeqklealidvgsvphpgrganwqdpvygwvnatphigspyisvygadpvnspehawkvvrqidlpaagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstndkqicaiakstgavdrcfdvatagkavhmafnkdgsevwisdwasegggqvildgttlsviqkirlpattgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyrpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerdlaalidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenltagydvipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpnvitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtleplrivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqrpefivnvketgkillmnfadinnlnvttinaarflhdggwdatqryfltaanksdkiavvdskdgkleamvdvakiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsclgddniavigtdpakhknnawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtplnpdtkvsqsvavfdtqnldkgykvlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkkeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnanitflgtdpegnpehawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagyeklpigewadlgegpkrivqpeyymagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltevtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawkpvrviegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddktrelraviqhpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA046  coded_by=complement(567757..569238),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA046,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH052  coded_by=complement(469655..471136),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH052,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3576  coded_by=complement(234065..235546),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3576,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkehawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaavsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigewagikddgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkasalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdslepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpdqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdslepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpdqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgqeyhpdprvasivasfikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtksgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddnkeynwkvvqeikhpcagnlfvkthpksrnfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsgldqghqravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddaslkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnvketgqillvnfkdiknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdktgryflvaanarhkvaivdtkedklvgvvesggqtphpgrganllhpkygpvwatshlgsetisfigtdpekhkanawkvvqkidgqgggslfikthpksenlyvdtplntdaeisssvavfkikdlakekpeykvlpigqwsgisegarrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwnnkaqesaivvlddktltlktvirdkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgftleplkvvstrgmvfdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkenklvalietgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpenhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthptsknlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavfdidnleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynrdgneiwfsvwngkdqesalvivddktrklkavvrderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleprkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealvdvtkiphpgrganindpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpdkhpqyawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdakvsqsvavydinnleggyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynsagdevwfsvwngqehvsaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkivgtrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivgshfkpefvvnvketgkvllvnysdlenlqikeiptaqylhdggydstkryvmmaanqsnkiavvdtkegkrtaivdvdkiphpgrganfvhptcgpvwatghlgsekisligtdpvkhpknawkvcetldaqgggnlfikthpksrnlwvdtplhpdpkiassiavfdtknlkagykvlpiadwsgvgdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvivddktlklkkvvknpkivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
swppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiidvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklaalvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprpknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvdnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganivdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrilegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdtaasqsiavfdinnldagferlpigewaelgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvdnlsvtdigaakflhdggwnstkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganivdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrilegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdtaasqsiavfdinnldagferlpigewaelgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevcfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>Marinobacter_sp._C1S70  coded_by=complement(105217..106941),organism=Marinobacter sp. C1S70,definition=nitrite reductase
mrvtklmikplamavaitslgvmnaqaapkdpdkstmayegtpsavdaesakivrspgapdltdaefekakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergidylkafisygspagmpnwltsgdfdeetvelmakyimheppmppefsladmkdtwevivppedrptkqmndldlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgdskevvkiidtgyavhisrmsasgryvmvigrdalinmidlwmeepktvakikvgmearsvetskykgwedklaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaakflhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpestnlyvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdymvtptgkfntyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>852,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagyeklpigecadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpeii
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>852,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagyeklpigecadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpeii
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivasftkpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddkknakfkefnwkvvqeikhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadspqnpeketaesvsvwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkatrravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktltvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefvvnvketgkilmvnyediknlkvttieaerflhdggfdgtgryfmvaanarnkvavvdtetnqlvkvletggatphpgrganfehpefgpvwatshlgdevvsligtdpeghpdqawnvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfnlddldagyetipigemsgitegvrravqgeynkegteiwfsvwnakdqesaivilddasrevkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqsvimdgptlepfkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlqittlnaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkiavvdskerkmvqlvdaekiphpgrganfmhpefgpvwvtsalgseaitlvatdplnhpqhawkavqvlkgqgggslfvkthpkshhlyvdtplnpdpkisqtvavfdtqkldagykvlpiaewaklgpgpkrvvqpeynasgdevwfsvwsgakeesaivviddktlklkkvikgpqmitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhperrvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=<1..>1377,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
kgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvdak
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqklvalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnervtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdiddldagykvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstcgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpgghpehawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshprsknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnksgdevwfsvwsgqdeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgetleplkvvgtrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedlknlkvteieaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanksnkiavvdskedklaalidvgqiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdqtialigtdpkghpdqawkmvqsidgqgggslfikthptsknlyvdtalnpdtkisqsvavfdinnldkgydvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdaleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdcsniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganiddpeygpvwitsalgnanvsflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavydinnldagfeklpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddttrtlkavikddalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdindleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdindleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>890,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimngdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaatiashehpefiinvketgkimmanyedinnmkiteveaarflhdggwvsshryfmsaanasnkiavvdskdqelealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsiavigndpknhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslfikthpksknlwvdstlnpdagisqsiaifditnqdkapevvniadlaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfnegqfqh
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivnaketgkimmvnyedfnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklealidvgktphpgrganfedpkygpvwttshlgdetisligtdpekhkenawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdakinqsvavwdiknldkpyevipiaewagvsegskrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdslkplriestrgttvgtqeyhpeprvaaivashfnpefivnaketgkilvvnykdmknlkvttidaaqflhdggmdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedkltalievgkvphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdetisiigtdpikhkeqawkvvetvkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdaklsqsvavydlknlargfevlpigewsgitddgarrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkst
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltitdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsnkiaivdsrdrnlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpgqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdienldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlptaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkevikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfiinvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtrtphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegprrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavvkgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvvfdgltlqpiqrvdvplvdlngvtllenriaaivpshfgpewalnikeggfigvvdysdpaglnfpltlvptakfmhdggfdhtgkyflsmanasnkivvfnmetltvdaifnvgavphpgrgvnwldpvygwvnatghigdatievygadpvgrpdvawtvvrtltapsagslfikthpncpwvladmtnsangfeksitviskatgavdriltlpangrlthfefnmtgtevwvsdwatngavivldsqtlteirrfplpsptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>924,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgasleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdaiavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganlkhpdygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpkrneehawkvvsvvrgqgggslfvkthpksknlrvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdidkldecpdwkpdaelaegesnscyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvhpeysedgrevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrklkkvikgerivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_Q2-87  coded_by=complement(2677899..2679578),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens Q2-87,definition=cd1 nitrite reductase
mlishkkswtlrvaalctalaapyafadkthepehsrmvktegapdlsqadfdaakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrptkqlntlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitnidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvnhpqyawkqvgtlqgqgggslfikthpqsrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfdidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyddidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavldinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmpydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpqfvvnvketglilminyediknlqvttieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkiavvdtkenklaalvesegttphpgrganlilpdlgpvwatshlgdeivsfigtdpdghpeqawkvvktvegqgggslflkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdienleagyevlpigewsgitegirrvvqpeynkdgdevwfavwnakeeesaivivddktrrlknvirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpngnpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefskagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivndktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefvvtvketghilminyedlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpedhadnawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdindldkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqegteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftleprqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealvdateiphpgrganfihpkygpvwatsalgndnitiigtdpekhkknawkvvdvlhgmgggslfikthpqsrnlwvdaplnpdtrisqsiavfdiksldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteqsalvvvddktrklktvikdknlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvniketgmirlvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpkqawkvvaelknhgggslfvkthpkssnlwadaplnpekdlaesvtvydiknldkapeviniaklaglpeskavkravhaeynakgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgltlepkkivstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvaaivashykpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlrvttieaerflhdggldssgryflvaanardklaiidtkegklvdviesggikphpgrganlkhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpennpdhawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkshpnsehlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfkvadltndepeykvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnqagdeiwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktlkmkevitderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpenhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppkfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyalkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvdnktlklkavvkdprlitppgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskerkltamidvekiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpkghpdhawksvgvlrgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaaisqsvavfdiknldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddntrklkkvikgaevvtptgkfn
>Sideroxydans_lithotrophicus_ES-1  coded_by=1111596..1113329,organism=Sideroxydans lithotrophicus ES-1,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mkhannrmlgllalaalplalstafaqetaghssgkmetvyessggsplanspmhqninpkapsmteaeftrgkeiffqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlergtdylkvfinygspagmpnwgtsgelteaevdlmaryvqqepptppefgmkemeatwkvlvppekrparqmnklnlknifsvtlrdagkialidgdtkkiiktiktgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdaridlidlwmdtpttvaeikiglearsvetskykgyedklaiagaywppqfvimdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvasivashfkpeflvnaketgkiymvnysdltnlkmtvidaarflhdggfdstgrymmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaamvdvgktphpgrganfidpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpvkhkqnawkvvrtitgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdaalsqsvavfdirhlekgyitlpigawaglgegakrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdpeiitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghilmvdypdlknlkvtaieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanvrnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyevvpigqmsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyqdidnmvvtevpaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdakenkltalidvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdeniavigtdperhkasawkvvrmlkgqgggslfikthphsknlwvdtplnpeaeisssvavfdianldkgyevipigelsgisegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvindqtrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashykptfivnvkatgkillvdykdiknlevteipaarflhdggfdstkrfflvaanasdkvavvdtkeqklvaligtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpekhpknawrvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassiavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqseivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashykptfivnvkatgkillvdykdiknlevteipaarflhdggfdstkrfflvaanasdkvavvdtkeqklvaligtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpekhpknawrvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassiavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqseivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnveetgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlaplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidskdrkltalidvtkiphpgrganlidpmygpvwvtsalgnanvtvvgtdpeghpdsawkivrtlegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdvalsqsiavydvnnldagfevlpigewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmngdtleplkimstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyqdidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsreqkltalidvdkiphpgrganlvdpefgpawvtsalgndkitfigtdpeghpdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshptsghlyvdtplnpdpevsqsvavfdvasldagfkvlpiaqwanlgegpkrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivivddrtlqlkhviddprivtptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvasivashfhpeflvnaketgkiymvnyadldnlkmtvidaarflhdggfdstgrymlvaanasnkiavvdteedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgdesisligtdpvkhkqnawkvvrtltgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaalsqsvavfdinhlekgyavlpigewaglgegakrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplkvesvltptydtaedldevrvasivashydpiwiislkesghvaivdysmpdypivakipterflhdggfahdqryfvvaanmrdqmvvvdlkdkkmvtkfetgikphpgrganwedpeygwvnatthlgepkmaiygadpegspdnawkvvrevalpsagglflkthpnskwvwfdsplsadenltrqicvyskasgevekcwqptdrgrtvhfeynkagtevwvsgwdrdgamfvyddesleeiaridedwmvtptgkfn
>Acidovorax_sp._Root70  coded_by=complement(45343..46977),organism=Acidovorax sp. Root70,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mretptprwrvhladaaraalvaglcwmgydlataqdipaatlygthcaschgaqrtggmgpallpeslsrlpaaealqvitqgrtatqmpafgstlsaaevralaafirtpvvpaprwaesdirasrefhpapanepaaprwqadpmnlfvvveggdhhvslvdgdrfevitrfasryalhggpkfspdgryvyfgsrdgwitkydlwrlavvaevraglnmrnvavsadgrwvmaanylphtlalfdsdlqlvrtynagtldgkassrvsavydaaprhsfvvalkdipeiweisydpqaapihdglvhdykmgeaiatpgylgvrrtpldeplddfffdqsyrnvlgatrpkdaaatgagtgngaataqvvnldvrrkiadlpiagmphlgsgitfawngttvlaspnlqggaidvidmhtwkpvatiptpgpgffmrshektryawtdsmmsrsakdtmtlidkatlqpvatvrepgktlahieftkdgkyalasvwemdgalivydattlkevkrlpmskpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgetlapkkifstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiaashehpewivniketgkimlvnyedtdnltvteigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsnkiavidskerklaalidvekiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwvtsalgnenvtlvatdpektpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpksrhlyvdsplnpdekisqsvavfdiddldapfkvlpiadwaqvgkgpkrvvqpefnkrgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddrtltlkavikdpklitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflrdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghsknawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdinnldagfvtlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtreyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpeyawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqeyhreprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdcsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpksaniyvdtplnpvaelsssvavfeiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivivddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskeskltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskeskltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskeskltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskeskltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepikivstrgytvdtkkyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgkillvncedvtnlrvttidaelflhdggldstkryfltaanarntvavidmkegklvrlvresdgigetphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgddtvvligtdpkghpqfawkvvgtleglgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdaplhpepeisqsvavfdinnldkgyetlpigkwsgisegtrrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwngkdqqsaivvvddkthklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdienlgagydvipvaewaelgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqfvimdgetlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvketgkimlvnyedignlkitnigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavtdskeqklvalvdateiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpvnhkehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdttlnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgikddgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgteeqsaivivddktrklkkviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfkdinnlkvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskegklealvdvakiphpgrganlvdpkygpvwvtsclgddtiaaigtdpvknkkhawkvvrsmkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdvkvsqsvavfdvnnldkgykvinvaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkdqesaiviiddktrkvkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvsflgtdpvghpdsawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdiddldagfvklpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddksrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvsflgtdpvghpdsawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdiddldagfvklpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddksrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvsflgtdpvghpdsawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdiddldagfvklpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddksrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvsflgtdpvghpdsawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdiddldagfvklpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddksrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvsflgtdpvghpdsawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdiddldagfvklpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddksrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=complement(5692..7374),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=NirS
msnvgkpilagviaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqmnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskapkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_A1501  coded_by=complement(3818992..3820674),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri A1501,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase precursor
msnvgkpilagviaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqmnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskapkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>gamma_proteobacterium_HdN1  coded_by=complement(4472822..4474579),organism=gamma proteobacterium HdN1,definition=Dissimilatory cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase precursor
mqhkskllpsliltalpfaigianvhaapeapkqahgsktevayggaatamtgeqmhqninpkappmteaeftkarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltsdltlekgteylkafikygspagmpnwgtsgefddatvdlmaryiqqepptppefgmaemkktwkvivpvdkrpkkkmnkinienlfsvtlrdtgeialidgdtkkivniiktgyavhisrvsesgrylfvigrdgkinlidlwmekpdnvaeiriglearsvetskakgyedkyavagaywppqftimkgdtlepvkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivantkkpefvvnvketgkimmvdysdldnlktttinaapflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdtvadklaglvevgkiphpgrganfnhptfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpakhsqyawkmvqkltgqgggslfikshpkstnlwvdttlnpdesisqsvivydiakmdnkavsdlkgevlpiaqwanlgegakrivqpeynlagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfnvhntqkdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqiraiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>887,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdvknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfmhpkygpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkelaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpvtkatrravhpeysadggevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlamkkvitdpkmitrpasst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>Ralstonia_eutropha_H16  coded_by=225..1889,organism=Ralstonia eutropha H16,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mkaknwlypaiaalplslwlglphaatkaepkaepkaaiptltaaefdharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgksltpditrargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgdltdpevdlmaryiqldpptppeysladieksrkdilpvaqrptkkmnqynldnlfsvtlrdagevalidgdskqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarldlidlwlpkpdivaevkvgmearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvinaketgkilmvnysdlsnlktttidsakflhdggfdatgryflvaanasdkiavvdtkedklaalidvgktphpgrganfmhpklgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpaghpaqawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtrnleagykvlpiadwaglkgagarrvvqaeynkagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrtlktvikdkrlitptgkfnayntqhdvy
>Ralstonia_eutropha_H16  coded_by=2576786..2578450,organism=Ralstonia eutropha H16,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase (NirS)
mkaknwlypaiaalplslwlglphaatkaepkaepkaaiptltaaefdharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgksltpditrargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgdltdpevdlmaryiqldpptppeysladieksrkdilpvaqrptkkmnqynldnlfsvtlrdagevalidgdskqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarldlidlwlpkpdivaevkvgmearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvinaketgkilmvnysdlsnlktttidsakflhdggfdatgryflvaanasdkiavvdtkedklaalidvgktphpgrganfmhpklgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpaghpaqawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtrnleagykvlpiadwaglkgagarrvvqaeynkagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrtlktvikdkrlitptgkfnayntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpksaniyvdtplnpvaelsssvavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivivddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>Natrinema_altunense_JCM_12890  coded_by=100141..101400,organism=Natrinema altunense JCM 12890,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
msdqlaastvrppsfremgleeiadsretryeertlsdaprhgvtdlrdllvvaerrpgsvslvdttrhelvgrvdgvgraphsvvfhrqlpangregayayvqsrqgwvskldlfggelvgriragtsgraiaisadsayliagyynpnhavildadtleplhrisahavdpdgqsiasrictvrdvpgqrcfllvlkdagtvwfvdyddpgfpiideidvgrvlhdgvfspddryfylasqaedclyvldvrqrevvgrvptagpphpspgalderrglgitgtvmtdavtawdlesgapiadvpipghgmfctahpdseyvwgdvifddtdrdndgfiyqidpdelvvstvidttewadgrslhpgftrdgnhiyvscwdagtllvfdsstgaftaaidgvetptgtflgdratdp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=307..1962,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrite reductase
mstigkpviglfagmsnllgmavahaaapdmtaeekeaakkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwektedgkkieggtlklgtkrleniiafgteggmvnyddiltaeeinlmaryiqhtpdippefslqdmkdswnlivpverrrqmnkvnlenvfaitlrdaqlwdgdtheiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgrmstpsagwlttiidmwypepttvatvrlgpirsvdvskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepmkvvstrgqtvdgdyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdashryfmvaanasnkaapavdtktgklaalidtakirtrtrnfvhpqfgpvwstghlgddvvslistpsdeskyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlskaptqlnvakdsglpeskairgavqpeynkagdevwissgagktdqsaiviyddktlklkrvitdpavvtptgkfnvfntmndvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>881,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cd1-type nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivgtrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssqikpewviniketgqiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiavvdtkegklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfkhpqfgpvwatghlgadvitligtapndakfkknawkvvqevkhigsgnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnpersiaesvavwdmadlskpkkvlnvakdsglpetkairravhpeysadgsevwvslwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshehpefivnvketghillvdysdmeslkvttigaarylhdggwdvskryfltaanqadkiavvdakdqklaalidveriphpgrganvndpefgpvwitsalgndsisfiatdpvnhpehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpastnlwvdtplnpdekvsqsvavfdvndpdagyevlpiaewanlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntmdqrsaivvvddktrklkaviddkrivtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleppkvvsargmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimkgdtlepikivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivanhhkpefvvnvketgkvmlanysdlnnlkiteiaaarflhdggwestqryvmmaanqsnkisvidtvegkqaalvdvgkiphpgrganfkhpkfvpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkghkqhawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpdeaisqsiavfdisnldkgfvalpiakwsglgdgakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpiwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvnhpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvsdldagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkdgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddksrelkavikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdnleplkivstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivsshykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdirnlkvttieaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanarnkvavidtkeskliamiddgltphpgrganlmhptygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdhawkvvqqlyalgggslfvkshptsnhlyvdaplnpdaeisasvavfmvdelepeytvlpvgewaeitdgqprvvqgefnqegteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddrtlelknvikdpglitptgkfn
>Sedimenticola_sp._SIP-G1  coded_by=31722..33461,organism=Sedimenticola sp. SIP-G1,definition=nitrite reductase
mkitryrplcrtlavsslalglvmapafaanegdhpiggeeqryegapstvnpgdvkdvvspaapkisaaefekakkiffercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdvtlpkgteylklfinfgspagmpnwgtsgeltpdevdlmarylqheppippefgmaemkatwkvvvppedrpkqklndldlenmfsvtlrdagkialidgatkkivhviktgyavhisrisasgrylyvigrdakinlidlwmktpdtvaeikvglearsvetskykgmedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketgkvlmvnyedirnlqvteieaarflhdggwdstqryfmsaanksnkiavvdsrerklaalvevgaiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatshlgddtialigtdpekhkdnawkvvrslkgqgggslfikshpnssnlyvdtalspheaisqsvavldinnldkgfevlpiaqwadlgegakrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsaivvvddksrklkavikderlvtptgkfnfyntlhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmirlvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkpkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpkqawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpkshnlwadaplnpdqelaesvtvydirnldkapelisiaklanlpeskaikravhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpvghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsppnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqvgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfistdpgghpehawkvvrvlngqgggsllvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdienlaagyevlpiaewadlgagpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=153947..155428,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrltglalgllllplaqaaeprgealyrqhcqachgaerlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldeagadalvaylyqapshaphwsaedirasrvqphplatlpaaprfqadplnlfvvvesgdhhvsildgdrfapiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgapvapkrvavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(135393..136874),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrltglalgllllplaqaaeprgealyrqhcqachgaerlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldeagadalvaylyqapshaphwsaedirasrvqphplatlpaaprfqadplnlfvvvesgdhhvsildgdrfapiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgapvapkrvavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Thauera_chlorobenzoica  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=Thauera chlorobenzoica,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgntvngeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaeavfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagvevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfnv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgktleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvaailsshyhpefmvnvketgkvlmvdysdlanltiksidaapflhdggldssgryfmdaanasnkiavvdlkerklaalievgitphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpkghpksawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpkstnlwstrlepdeesstsvavfdvnnldkgyqvipigelsgiaegarrvvqgeynkagteiwfsvwngvkqqsaivviddktrkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidskerklaamvdvekiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgnaditmigtdpeghpqhawkavgilqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeepisqsiavfdinnldagytvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeynepgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkrvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanqsdkiavidskedklaalidvtkiphpgrganlvdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpenhkehawkvvrtlkgqggsslfvkshpkssnlwvdttlnpdtkisqsiavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvllvnfedidnlsvttipaalylhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerelealidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekvtligadpvkhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdagisqsvavydinnldkgyvvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrelkkvikdpslitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvtsidaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskedklvalvdadkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtsalgnenitliatdpeghaehawkavevlkgqgggslfikthpestnlwvdtplnptesisqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewadigegpmrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwngveqpsalvivddktrelkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtidgeyhpeprvaaivashqkpeflinaketgkiwmvdytdlenlkttqinsakflhdggfdstrryfltaanasdkiavvdtktsklealipvgkiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsglgdesiaiigtdpeknkanawkvvqslkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlnkppqiidiaacakldddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrtckqvlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvitdgetlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhkqyawkvvqelknhgsgslftkthpksnnlwtdaplsperelaesvsvhnlkkpdeapqviniaklaglpeskaikrtvhaefnakgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdarlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens  coded_by=complement(5677815..5679494),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens,definition=nitrite reductase
mlishkktwalrvtalctalvapyafadqpttpepsrvvktegapdlsqadfdsakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpgdrptrqlnnlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdtkkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetleprqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsmigtdpikhpqyawkqvgslqgqgggslfikthpasrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagiekgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklaalvdvtkiphpgrganltdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdealsqsiavydvnnldggfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikspdmvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
alwppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidskerrlvalpevtkvprpgrganivdpeygpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnnpdhawkvvremsgqgggslfvkahpnsdnlwvdtplhpdtamsqtiavfdvndlgagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqylimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashkhpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedlenlkvttinaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkvavvdtetntlaalietgttphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdnawkvvqslegqgggslfvkthptskhlyvdtplnpeaelsssvavfnidnldeeytvlpigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwnsasqesaivviddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvhnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>842,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvklikvgkiphpgrganfehpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdehhkasvwtvvqtlkgqgggnlfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlakparilpiaewagikegprrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkqvikdkr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdaleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlnplkiiatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedignlkittigaarflhdggwdstrryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsrtqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhptcgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpdkhpshawkvcevllgqgggslfikthpksrnpwvdtplnpdpkasqsiavfdignlksgfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngktqrsalvvvddktrklkavlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtkmphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkivgtrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivgshfkpefvvnvketgkvllvnykdidnltiteiptaqflhdggydsthryvlmaanqsnkiavvdtkegkrvaivdvdkiphpgrganfvhpvcgpvwatghlgsekisligtdpqkhpkyawkvcetidgqgggnlfikthpksrnlyvdtplhpdpkiagsvavydtknlkagykvlpiaewsgvgegakrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktlklktvirdpklvtptgkfn
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1  coded_by=complement(288602..290224),organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1,definition=Nitrite reductase
mlkglrnalllsvmpmamatgafaneaaltgatkdaaakiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepaatsklgqqrlekiiangteggmvnfddilskdeikmmatyiqmppdsppewgladmkgswkiivpvdkrptkkmnnvnldnvfsvtlrdsgevalidgdtkkiwnivktgyavhisrisysgryvyvigrdgkldlidlwmekpqvvatiktgldarsvetskfkgyedkyaiagsywppqyvimdgltleplkivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasqikpefvvnvketgliklvdytdiknlkevtiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtkskphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvitligtdpekhpefawkvveelknhgsgslfvkthpkssnlwadaplmpereaaesvtvydinnlakgpevinvakmaglpeskavkrtvhaeyneagdevwfslwagktepsaivilddktrkmkavikdpklitptgkfnvkntqhdiy
>Magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense_MSR-1_v2  coded_by=1444557..1446179,organism=Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1 v2,definition=Nitrite reductase
mlkglrnalllsvmpmamatgafaneaaltgatkdaaakiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepaatsklgqqrlekiiangteggmvnfddilskdeikmmatyiqmppdsppewgladmkgswkiivpvdkrptkkmnnvnldnvfsvtlrdsgevalidgdtkkiwnivktgyavhisrisysgryvyvigrdgkldlidlwmekpqvvatiktgldarsvetskfkgyedkyaiagsywppqyvimdgltleplkivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasqikpefvvnvketgliklvdytdiknlkevtiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtkskphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvitligtdpekhpefawkvveelknhgsgslfvkthpkssnlwadaplmpereaaesvtvydinnlakgpevinvakmaglpeskavkrtvhaeyneagdevwfslwagktepsaivilddktrkmkavikdpklitptgkfnvkntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkmqatrgmtvggqeyhpeprvaaivashakpefvvnvketgkilmvnykdlnnlqikeisaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklidvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpeknkgnawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdakisqsvavfdlkdlskpfkvlpiaewagikdgprrvvqpefnragnevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddrtlklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgetleprkimstrgmtvdtrefhpeprvaaivsshqhpefivniketgkvqlvnyenldavslveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidalereleaiidvggiphpgrganfvdpdfgpvwatshlgdasisligtdpeghpdsawqvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesenlwvdttfnpnealsqsvavfdlndleagyevlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwntmdevsaivvvddntrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplkivgtrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvaaivaphyrpefvvnvketgkvlmvdytdlknlkvteieaerflhdggfdasgryflvaanasnkvavvdtkenklvrlietgpiphpgrganfidqkfgpvwatshlgdetvsvigtdpekhpqhawkvvrslegqgggslfikthpnsshlyvdtplnpdeetsqsvavfnikaldqeykvlpigewsgikhgvrrvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwnaknqpsalvvvddktlklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepmkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiiniketgliklvnyedidnlsettinaarflhdggwdstnryfltaanqsnkiavvdskkrqlvslvdveqiphpgrganitdpeygpvwitsalgnanitfiatdpedneevawsvvrilegqgggslfvkshpqsrnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvndleagyevlpigewadlgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgleeesaivvvddetrklkhvikhdrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyapeftvniketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhknnawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkehesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryfmvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheypefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidareiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyadpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsatvvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=3837593..3839101,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=C-type cytochrome
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldmasaatpddsqalyeqhcqachgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlndaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashriltdvatlpttpqhgadprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnltmlaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfqprrieaadflddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldngqavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrngkwvfatpnvskglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydantleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM67  coded_by=complement(90..1580),organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM67,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mkrglllpllwvsvaagaadpalehaandyrqhcqschganrfggtgpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmagfanvfnpaqidalvsylqqppataptwnndeirgshsmladisklpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhinildgdrfevlarftshfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwvslydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktipaigqdgtasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelssagtpdfeprrieaedmlddfsfspdykqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngqwvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiartlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrhlllsiwatdgalivydsdtleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefvegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgktlepikvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsselkpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlkvttidsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfrhpefgpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsdkpadakykkhnwkvvqevkhlgagnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnperdlaesvvvwdmadlskpkkvinvakdsglpqtkairravhpeysadgnevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnptvaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvtaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstlryfltaanqsdkiavidsrtrrlvampdvskvphpgrganikdpefgpvwvtsalgdasitflgtdpehnrdhawhvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpnsknlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavfdvndleagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlaiidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganitdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnhpdhawkvvreiagqgggslfvkshpasenlwvdtplnpdvgmsqsiavfdvndleagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskedklvamidvtkiphpgrganlsdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrtlkgqgggsvfakthpksknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrrlkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgptleplkiastrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketgrvllvnysdidnlnvttldaarflhdggwdvtkryfitaanqsnklavidskdrkmvalvdaekiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwstsalgnedvtllatdpvkhpenawkvvqvlkgqgggslflkthptshhlyvdtplnpdskisqsiavfdidnldagfqvlpigdwaelgpgpkrivqpefnragdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtlklktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepekivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdmnalavttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksdtiavvdakdreiealvpatkvphpgrganikdpefgpvwatsslgnenitligtdpkghkkhawkpvrvlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwfdntlhpdptvsqsvavysidelddpdasyqvlpiaewagvgegparvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngldqvsaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdvnnlpvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskerelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitligtdpekhknnawkvveilhgmgggslfikthpksknlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvitdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganigdpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpeqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivavddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganigdpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpeqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivavddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvniketgkilmvnytdinnlttteigaarflhdggwdsskryflvaanqshkiavvdaktdklsalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkhgpvwatghlgddsiavigtdpakhpkaawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtalnpnpavsqsvavfdignldkpfevvkiaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynnkgdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikgkrlitptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlkttaigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvgtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagfkalpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddrtlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmadysdlnnlktttidaacflhdggfdstgrysfvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdmleplkikstrgmiydeqtfhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketgkilmvdysdienlkvteieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkvavvdtkkskltalldggqtphpgrganlvhpthgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqtlyalgggslfvkshptsnhlyvdaplnpdaevtasiavfkidelepeytvlpivewagitegqprvvqgefnqagnevwfsvwnaanlesaivvvddktlemktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvgdhrlhehpefivnvketgkvmlvnyedinnlttttigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfnpdakvsqsaavfdinnlaagykvlpigewsglkggaqrvlqpefnkagdevwfsvwngqeeesavvvvddktlelktvirdkrlitptgkfn
>Magnetospirillum_magneticum_AMB-1  coded_by=complement(1520017..1521639),organism=Magnetospirillum magneticum AMB-1,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mwkgvrnallltalpfamsgaafaqeatlskeakeasakiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepanttklgqarlekiltngtdggmvnfddiltkdeiknmatyiqmtpdvppewgikemtaswkvtvkpedrpkkqmnkvnlknvfsvtlrdtgeialidgdtkkiwtiiktgyavhisrlsasgrfvyvigrdgkldmidlwmetpavvatikigmdarsvetskfkgfedkyavagsywppqyvimdgadlkplkivstrgitvdgeyhpeprvasivasmikpewviniketgliklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvavvdtkdgklaglvdtkskphpgrganfnhpkfgpvwatshlgadvitligtdpakhkdqawkvvaelknhgagslfvkthpksnnlwadaplfpekdmaesvtvydiknldkgpeviniakladlpetkavkravqaeynekgdevwfsiwagktdpsaivvmddktrkvkavikdpklitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaeiiashehpefivnvketgkvmlvnyedinnltttmigtapflhdgvwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfnpdakvsqsaavfdinnlaagykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwngqeeesavvvvddktlelktvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepnkivstrgmvydtqefhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkvllvdysdvknlkvteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarhkivvtdtktgtlvdilesggqtphpgrganlnhpvhgpvwvtshlgdeivsligtdpeghpdkawkvvqtlealgggslfvkshptsdhlyvdaplnpeaeissavavfkvseldqdepkfetlpigewadigegqprvvqgeynqagdevwfsvwngkdkesaiviiddktlklkhvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwvtsalgndkvtvigtdpenhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsiavfdtsnldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtplnpeteisqsvavfdindldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpefnkagdevwfsvwsgieeesaivvvddrtrklknvikgdrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>827,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>827,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>906,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimegltleplkvvstrgmtidtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvnyedldnlvvtdigterflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavidtqdgqlealipsegitphpgrganfehpeygpvwatshlgdptisligtdpdghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpdsnhlyvdtplnpepeiassvavfeiddldeeeeegeeieyevlpigewsgidegmrrivqpefnkqgtevwfavwnaqdqrsaivivddatlelkhvitgdeivtptgkfneg
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashaypefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggsrfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvahkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvahkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvdysdvqalgvttieaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkvaiidskdrkltalvdvktiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpvnhpehawkavgvlkgqgggslfvkthpqstnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdinnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynrkgdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvvvddktrklkkvikgsevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyhpefivnvketghilmvnyedisnlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkenklvalietgatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnlgkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivndktrklkhvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyhpefivnvketghilmvnyedisnlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkenklvalietgatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnlgkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivndktrklkhvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketgkillvnysdiknlnvatidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarntvavvdtkerklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetialigtdpeghpehawkmvqslegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdiddldkeyevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeyneagdevwfsvwnsrtqksaivvvddktrklkevitddrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpvkhkegawkvarvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdidnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvivddktlklkaviddpriitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqimlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphsgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthlkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynqygdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddariit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtgdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidvakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistasddkknakykefnwkvvqeikhvpgnlfvkthpksrnlwadspqnpekslaesvavwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhleprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MH27  coded_by=complement(512795..514501),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MH27,definition=Nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA044  coded_by=complement(107474..109180),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA044,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_148  coded_by=111529..113235,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 148,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA14  coded_by=220836..222542,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA14,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_39016  coded_by=134839..136545,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 39016,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(574508..576214),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(574510..576216),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CI27  coded_by=complement(15351..17057),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CI27,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WS394  coded_by=complement(57011..58717),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WS394,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_UCBPP-PA14  coded_by=complement(588371..590077),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa UCBPP-PA14,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_NCGM2.S1  coded_by=6055128..6056834,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa NCGM2.S1,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL09  coded_by=200963..202669,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL09,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL17  coded_by=complement(279374..281080),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL17,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_6077  coded_by=complement(553016..554722),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 6077,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_U2504  coded_by=complement(284831..286537),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa U2504,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA006  coded_by=complement(320242..321948),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA006,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL14  coded_by=126429..128135,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL14,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL20  coded_by=complement(551296..553002),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL20,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_JJ692  coded_by=complement(528712..530418),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa JJ692,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL08  coded_by=complement(609885..611591),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL08,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA027  coded_by=150918..152624,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA027,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL16  coded_by=complement(588360..590066),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL16,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4368..6074,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4352..6058,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH030  coded_by=complement(278621..280327),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH030,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH058  coded_by=complement(588372..590078),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH058,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpthvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdnawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvrlpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdnawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvrlpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdnawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvrlpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>884,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmifdeqtyhpeprvaailsshfrpefivnvketgkillvdysdikslkvteieaerflhdggldstkryfltaanarnkvavidtkegdleaiietdgqtphpgrganinhptygpvwvtshlgddtvavigtdpeghpehawkmvqqlyamgggslfvkthptsehlyvdaplnpdaevsgsvavfkvaglaqeepeltvlpitewsgiaegqprvvqgefnkdgneiwfsvwnaadlesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinsldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdhtkryfltaanksdkiaivdskerrltalvdadkiphpgrganlkdpqhgpvwvtsalgnekvtfigtdpvnhpdkawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplhpdlkvsqsvavfdvenldkgyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesavvivddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdpredkltalidvtsiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtplnpdtkisqsiavydvknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynatgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklehvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdaskryflvaanqshkiavidakegklvklvdvgkiphpgrganfkdpkhgavwatghlgdetiavistdpksknawkvvrtlkaqgggnlfikthpksrnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkpfkvlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgakqesaivvvddktlklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrldypdrqvqr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrldypdrqvqr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrldypdrqvqr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgnvydeqtyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketgkillvdytdlknlktveieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkvavvdtkddkltalietggqtphpgrganlthptygpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghadhawkvvqtfsalgggslfikthpesdnlyvdaplnpdaeisasiavfkisalpaegdpefvtlpigewagiadgqprvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkrvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpnsnnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvndldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvaddktralkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgaivvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfnegqfq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggrdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshprstnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndiyagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeyntagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>Thioploca_ingrica  coded_by=3439542..3441287,organism=Thioploca ingrica,definition=nitrite reductase
mnatmrslsylialatlpvilsstttlaqddktnahsnvgkseakyegaptaidpsaaktltppaappitpeefekakriffercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditiprgteylkvfinygsplgmpnwgtsgaltpeevdlmaryiqqeppqppeygmkdmkatwkvivppeqrptkkmnnynidnifavtlrdagqvalidgdskkiigiiktgyavhisrasasgrylfsigrdakidlidlwmekpspvaeikvglearsvetskykgwedkyaiagtywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedlsnlqvktidaalflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkvavvdskegklaalvevgstphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsdlgdenisvigtdpekhpdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpqsknlyvdtalnpdekisqsvavfniddldkgyevlpiaewanvgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivivddktrklkqvindpriitptgkfnvyntvhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdsrerelealidateiphpgrganfnhpkygevwatsalgnenitliatdpdkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdtplnpdtkvsqsvavfdinnldkgyevlpiadwaelgdgpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddrtrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmmaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmmaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmmaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmmaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlkttavnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdnnpqhawknvrelqgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqaiavfdvnnldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgaemitrpasst
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleprkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavydvgnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleprkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavydvgnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkvlmvnyeditnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidskldvltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpesknlwadaplnpdtrisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdegsaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyenpeslsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>854,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnveslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindfdagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevit
>Acidovorax_sp._JS42  coded_by=complement(2000894..2002618),organism=Acidovorax sp. JS42,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mtakriarlvalaaatlvsatamaqdakpvseaeknyqaggsplaevpmyqstnpkapkmtqaefdrarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdvtlpkgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwqtsgefdeatvdlmaryiqqdpptppewsladakntwkvivppdqrpkkkmnkynldnifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeirvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagaywppqytimdgntleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpeflvnvketgktmmvdysnlnalktteigsapflhdggwdaskryfmvaannsnkiaaidakdgklagltevgkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatghlgdetisligtdpqknkqyafkevaklkgpgggalfikthpkskhlwsdaplnpdpkvsqavvvfdinnldkgyvtlpiaewaglpddggakrvtqpeynkagdevwfavwsakdkqsalvvvddktlklksvikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>Acidovorax_ebreus_TPSY  coded_by=complement(1821983..1823707),organism=Acidovorax ebreus TPSY,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mtakriarlvalaaatlvsatamaqdakpvseaeknyqaggsplaevpmyqstnpkapkmtqaefdrarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdvtlpkgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwqtsgefdeatvdlmaryiqqdpptppewsladakntwkvivppdqrpkkkmnkynldnifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeirvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagaywppqytimdgntleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpeflvnvketgktmmvdysnlnalktteigsapflhdggwdaskryfmvaannsnkiaaidakdgklagltevgkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatghlgdetisligtdpqknkqyafkevaklkgpgggalfikthpkskhlwsdaplnpdpkvsqavvvfdinnldkgyvtlpiaewaglpddggakrvtqpeynkagdevwfavwsakdkqsalvvvddktlklksvikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdslepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhskyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdignmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH035  coded_by=complement(55698..57404),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH035,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefnevkqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Ralstonia_pickettii_DTP0602  coded_by=2551383..2553119,organism=Ralstonia pickettii DTP0602,definition=nitrite reductase
mpnthpkhrdlaflnplthsimkaksrlypaiaaiplslclglpqaattastaapkaeqkaaiptltatefdharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrargteylkifikygspagmpnwgtsgdlsdkevdlmaryiqldpptppefsladieksrkdimpvaqrptkkmnqynldnlfsvtlrdagevalidgdskqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarldlidlwlpkpdivaevkigmearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashfhpefvinaketgkilmvnysdlsnlktttidsakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkiavvdtkedklaalievgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdeaisligtdpaghpaqawqvvqtlkgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtrnleggfkvlpiadwaelkgagakrvvqaeynkagdevwfsiwgtkdgesalvvvddktrtlktvikdkrlvtptgkfnayntqhdvy
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvtvketgkilmvnysdlqnlkvttinaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegrlvkliktgttphpgrganflhpkygpvwatshlgdetiaiigtdpvkhpqyawkvvqsldgqgggslfikthptsaniyvdtplnpeaelassvavfkvadlsqkepkykvlpigqwsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsksqksaivvvddktltkkhvitdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidatevphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfnikdleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._SK-01  coded_by=complement(66559..68283),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-01,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrtiqsiaglfavtaltltmssafaqegkksvtpaevkyqaagsplasepmhqsidpkapamtkaefdkarqvyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdktlasgtdylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgelsdeevdlmaryiqqepptppefsmadmkktwkvlvppekrptkkmnnynldnifsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwmekpdnvaelkiglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqyvimkgdtleplriaatrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkillvdysdlkalktteidaarflhdggwdmskryfmvaanqsnkiaavdakegklaalievgkiphpgrgatfvdpkfgpiwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpkstnlyvdtplnpdaavsqsvavfdiknldkpykvlpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktlklktvikdkqlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._SK-01  coded_by=complement(66559..68283),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-01,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mrtiqsiaglfavtaltltmssafaqegkksvtpaevkyqaagsplasepmhqsidpkapamtkaefdkarqvyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdktlasgtdylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgelsdeevdlmaryiqqepptppefsmadmkktwkvlvppekrptkkmnnynldnifsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwmekpdnvaelkiglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqyvimkgdtleplriaatrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkillvdysdlkalktteidaarflhdggwdmskryfmvaanqsnkiaavdakegklaalievgkiphpgrgatfvdpkfgpiwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpkstnlyvdtplnpdaavsqsvavfdiknldkpykvlpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktlklktvikdkqlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimngdtleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidskedkltalidvtkiphpgrganltdpkygpvwvtsalgnanvtvigtdpvkhkgnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdvkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynvagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklrtvikdkrlvtptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgkipladysdidnlkvteigaarflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnkiavvdaktgklaktaegkpalvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkhgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkqkknawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdttlnpnadvsqsvvvydinnldkgyqvvkiaemaqlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivilddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashkhpefvvsvketgkilmvnyedlenlkvttinaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkvavvdtetntlaalietgttphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeghpdnawkvvqslegqgggslfvkthptskhlyvdtplnpeaelsssvavfnidnldeeytvlpigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwnsasqesaivviddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpephvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvvvdkiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpenhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlapkriistrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdinnltvttinaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanksdkvaivdskerklvtlvdvdtiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdqawkvvqvvsgqgggslfvknhpnsknlwvdsplnpeakisqsvavfdiddidagyavlpiaewadlsdgpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkkvikgdrivtp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiasrehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshhyfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdartsqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhskyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdignmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvaptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavidskerkltamidvekiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpvghpehawkavgvlrgqgggslfvkthptstnlwvdsplnpdgpisqsiavfdinnleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynragdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkqvikgdevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqimlvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdklavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganlvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagykvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpefnqygdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvtegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlrettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfkhptfgpvwatshlgsdvitligtdpvkhpknawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpkssnlwadaplnpepevaesvsvydlknlskapeeiniaklaglpetkavkrtvhaeynaagdevwfsiwagktdpsaivvmddktrklkhvikdpklit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>843,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashydplwvmalkesgyvglidysqpgfplvstiaterflhdggwdqsgrylllaanasnkmvavdvesktmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpagrpdvawtvvreitlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttddkqmcaynketatldrcfqvatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavivldgttlnevhritdlvtptgkfnegqfqh
>Pseudovibrio_sp._FO-BEG1  coded_by=2336587..2338134,organism=Pseudovibrio sp. FO-BEG1,definition=Nitrite reductase
mlagaaeargkklelypvsdatkgtyqelcaechggdrlggigpallpeslkrlrasaaastikegrvhtqmpafgdqlndqqiadlvnmiktplgampvwgekeimetrifnedykpvekpvyesdplnlfvvvetgdhyatvmdgdtfepltrfktqfalhggpkftpdghyvyfmsrdgwitkydmwalkvvgevrgginsrnialsrdgkhialanylphslvmlsaedlsvekifdaeslggettrvsavyqaperdsfvvamkdtpevwevstnpnadpefnayvdsenygkdgakptseglfalrriqvdapmddfffdqsykhlmgssrdgksgvvvdmdegstiakidlpgfphlgsgiswewegkpvmvtphlreskisvidmsnwsvlktldtagpgffmrshenskyawadvffgpnkdqmyvidketleivktlkplpgktaahiefdrdgshailsiwendgmiiiydaktleevkripmskpsgkynvwnkitfsagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkrvikgpevitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidseerklvakvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivasehkpewvinvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkevtvnsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktaklaalvdtakiphpgrganfnhpthgrvwatshlgadvisiigtdpegnkdkawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksdnlwadaplnpdaklagsvsvykiselgnpsaksdvidiaaaaelgktkglqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddksrkvktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtlaalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtmigtdpkkhkdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynatgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaantsnkvavidskldvltalvdvteiphpgrganvadpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwlsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvntqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhaghawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>854,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrll
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedvdnlkvttigtarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskedtltamvdvteiphpgrganlkdptygpvwvtsalgnenvtligtdpvknsdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdvdnldkgfevvpiaewagikgkgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkqvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefvvniketghilmvnyediknlqvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavvdtkenklvalidsggskphpgrganlmhpehgpvwvtshlgdevisligtdpenhpdqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavfnvddleagydvlpigewsgieegvrrvvqgeynqegtevwfsvwnskdqesaivivddatrklkkvirderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqfvimdgatleplklastrgmtvdtqsyhpeprvasivashfhpeflvnvketgqvklvdysdltnlkitsvaaarflhdggfdaggryflvaanasnqvaivdtkenklvglvdtgqtphpgrganfnhaeygpvwatshlgdetivligtdpvnhpdhawkvvqelegqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdeeisqsvavfdtrdlakpyevlpiaewtqisdgprrvvhgeynkdgteiwfsvwntkdkesaivvvddetralkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlaalidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenltagydvipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpnvttptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL18  coded_by=complement(558149..559630),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL18,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqtrggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlcpkriistrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdinnltvttinaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanksdkvaivdskerklvtlvdvdtiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdqawkvvqvvsgqgggslfvknhpnsknlwvdsplnpeakisqsvavfdiddidagyavlpiaewadlsdgpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkkvikgdrivtp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpeflvniketgkiqlvnysdlknlqiteidserflhdggfdstkryflvaanardtiavvdmkerklaslikvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpeknpqhawkvvqtlsgqgggslfikthpnsrnlwvdtplnpepsiassiavfdldnldkdpvvlpigewsgisegmrrvvhpeynkdgnevwfsvwngkeqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvnyedldnltvtdigterflhdggldatgryflvaanarhrlavidtqdgqlealiesegltphpgrganlehpeygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpegnpdhawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpepeiassvavfeiddldedgedeieyevlpigewsgieegqrrvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwnaqdepsaivivddktlelkhvirgdeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivaphenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrdlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpeqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvdnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyedlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhpdnawkvvqhlegqgggslfiktypesknlyvdtplnpeaelsssvavfnidnlgkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkqrvdvpmvdingdalvenrvasivashndpvwvialkesgyvgivgysdeaaalgfpldstiatakflhdggfdhtgnyflvaanasnkmvvvdlqtqelaatidagdvphpgrgvnwfdpvygwvnatahigegkvtvygadptgrsdiawqvvreialpsagslfikshpnspwvlvdmtlsatgyeqdicaiskatgaldqcfpvaangravhlefnkdgsevwvsdwapdgavvvldgatlteigrftglptptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_bauzanensis  coded_by=447433..449148,organism=Pseudomonas bauzanensis,definition=nitrite reductase
mrmtkplttaisvlaltitaaafaqgsdpekaaaayqgeasavdpalarvvhtpgapdlseadfdkakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqaylealisygspagmpnwgtsgeltpeeitlmanyiqhepptppewgmaamrdswkvlvkpedrptrqlnkldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgnskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwakeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfegfedkyviagdywppqftimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgqvmlvnyedldnmsitnigtaqflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsdkvvvidskdrklaaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtshlgddtisligtdpenhpeqawkvvdtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdttfnptaavaqsaavfdinnleagfkvlpiaewsgiesgsrrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqdeesaivvvddktlelkkvirdkrlitptgkfnvhntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganledpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganledpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnskitmigtdpeghpeqawkavrviegqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtplnpeteisqsvavfdindldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpefnkagdevwfsvwsgieeesaivvvddrtrklknvikgdrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfemlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaladvtktphpgrganiddpeygpvwitsalgnanvsflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqaiavydinnldagfetlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddktrtlkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>843,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgftleplsvtgvegaaigtseelaevrvaaivashtdpvwvlalkesghvgivdyskpgfpmtsripaarflhdggwdhtgryflvaanmenkmavvdveeqklvavfetgikphpgrganwedpefgwvnatthigqgllavygadpvnhpehawkvvrsvpieggtgslflkthpnsdwvwfdmplnndpeaarqacvyskasgevdrcwqvadhgavvhfeynmagdevwvsvwdregelviyddktltekrrikadwlttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>887,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsenpkykqfkqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpekalaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgsevwislwgcktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgstleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkhgpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvkhkdqawkvvtvlkgqgggslfvkshpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdignleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddrtlkpkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgstleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkhgpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvkhkdqawkvvtvlkgqgggslfvkshpksrhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdignleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddrtlkpkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskeskltaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Thermus_thermophilus  coded_by=5121..6731,organism=Thermus thermophilus,definition=c d1 type nitrite reductase
mkriglwfvaallgafalaqasspltpeerarasqiyfdrcagchgvlrkgatgpaldpkkmaergveylkavifgglpggmpdwgrqgilseedtalmarflleepptppipsyeeirktwkvyvppekrpkrpehgrnwenffgqvlrdtgqvaiidgdkkelvtivptgfathilrssatgryflaigrdgkaslidlwmnppqvvaeskpcvdarsiesskfkgfedryavvgcywppamvildgetleplkmvstmsytkgagefvqearvaaivashfnpewivnlkesgqtwlvdysqlskpgrplpitmidterflhdggwalkryfivaanavnklividtktrefvaeveagvrphpgrgsnwthptygpvwatgnigspevtvvgvdpekhpqyawkvvkkiqlpytgtlfikthpnspwvivdfpmspspqaaaslcaidkrklevtkcwevpgarelkarmvhpefnkggteiwvsawgskdtptfivvydaltlkekaritgdwvrtptgkfnvyntahdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgptlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshkhpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlrvttldaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsqeqrmvglidvekiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnanitligtdpdkhpdhawkvvevlqgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdsplnpdekiaqsvavfdindldagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlqlkavlddarlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasftkpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddaknakfkehnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnpdktlaesvavwdmsdlskpkavlnvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddvtlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyvdiknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpnqawkvvqklegrgggslfikthpksrnlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisqgvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvrnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindfdagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlttttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklvakvpvdeiphpdrganfihpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakheqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldagykvlpigewaglgkgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlttttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklvakvpvdeiphpdrganfihpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakheqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldagykvlpigewaglgkgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlttttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklvakvpvdeiphpdrganfihpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakheqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldagykvlpigewaglgkgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlttttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklvakvpvdeiphpdrganfihpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakheqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldagykvlpigewaglgkgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgprmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmaaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdienititdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghsknawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpqstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdinnldagfvtlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_ATCC_17588_=_LMG_11199  coded_by=3774405..3775913,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 17588 = LMG 11199,definition=c-type cytochrome
mqlmpalllaaalpaatfvaldmasaatpddsqalyeqhcqachgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlndaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashriltdvatlpttpqhgadprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnltmlaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldngqavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrngkwvfatpnvskglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydantleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdinnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfihpkygpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkpehakykqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkailnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>897,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvdyedldnltvtdiaterflhdggldatgryfivaanarhrlavidtqdgqlealieskgltphpgrganfehpeygpvwatshlgdetisltgtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpepeiassvavfeiddldeeedeieyevlpigewsgieegqrrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnakdepsaivivddetlelkhvirgdeivtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqftimdgatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyeditnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsreqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganltdpkfgpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpeghkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsiavfdvtnfdagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngknqksaivvvddktlklknvindsrivtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdakdrkpealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkhvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrelkkviksdelitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA043  coded_by=complement(225595..227076),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA043,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrligfalglllgslaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldataadalvaylyqapprepqwgaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvrvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=22714..24195,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrligfalglllgslaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldataadalvaylyqapprepqwgaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvrvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvsgqdyhpeprvaaivashfkpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlnnlklkmieaapflhdggfesshryfmdaanasnkiavidtkegeltklvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpkkhadnawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpdpavsqsvavwdinnlekgselipigewsgikdgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpepraaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgddkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngrgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddrrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlnplkivstrgstvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshynpefivnaketgkimavnysdlknlkitiidaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsdlgdefisligtdpvkhkaqawkvvqtltgqgsgslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeakisqsvavfdiknldkgfeilpigewadlgddgakcivqpeynvagdevwfsvwsakdknsalvvvddktrklkavikdpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytvmdgdtleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsnriavidsrerklialpevtkiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgsanitvigtdpeghpdqawkvvrildgqgggslfvkshpvstnlwvdtplnpdpamsqsiavfdtndlgagykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynadgsevwssvwsgleqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikspdiitptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehldfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpmygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvnnveagfqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpennkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdaalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedldnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdsqerdlealidateiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatsalgnehitligtdpvnnkdrawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdtplnpdtkisqsiavydinnldkgfevvpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>883,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
pagrrlpqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedvdnlkvttigtarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskedtltamvdvteiphpgrganlkdptygpvwvtsalgnenvtligtdpvknsdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdvdnldkgfevvpiaewagikgkgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkqvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklavltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldggfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_chlororaphis  coded_by=complement(4149729..4151405),organism=Pseudomonas chlororaphis,definition=nitrite reductase
mlishkkswvlrvgalctalvaahafandpapdqprlvktegapdmsqadfdaakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkeqittmakfvqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrptrqlntlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvnhpqyawkqvgslqgqgggslfikthpesrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqddesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Ralstonia_eutropha_JMP134  coded_by=1749701..1751212,organism=Ralstonia eutropha JMP134,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mnrflqwlaacvlaglcqtaaiggqaatvdaaalygqhcaachgadrlgamgpallpeslerlrpaelatvlregraatqmpgfagqlddakltdlaawlrtgpatsrpwaaadirvshivypatdslpatpvfkadpanlflvveagshhisvldgdrlepihrfrtrfalhggpkfsqdgryvfmasrdgwvskydlwnltftaeirvglntrnvavsddgkwvlagntlpqtlvllraddlalasvidvkgrngrasrvsavydaaprhsfivalkdipevweipyvsmkagtapatrmialddvlddfyfdqsyrhilgasrdgggqvvdlahgrkvaalalsgmphlgsgitwvrdghevmaspnlkqgsisvidmqswqtvatvptngpgfflrshentpyawadammspkrdtlqlidkqtlavagsvtpspgrtaahveftrdgryalvsvmerdgaivvydartvrevkripmdkpigkynvfnkttrssgtsh
>Pseudomonas_sp._CFII68  coded_by=118792..120471,organism=Pseudomonas sp. CFII68,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mlishkkswalrvtalctalaaphafadqtaapeqprvvktegapdlsqadfdsakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetrktwkvlvkpedrptrqlstlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvkhpqyawkqvgslqgqgggslfikthpasrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_F113  coded_by=complement(4439722..4441401),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens F113,definition=NirS
mlishkkswalrvtalctalaaphafadqtaapeqprvvktegapdlsqadfdsakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetrktwkvlvkpedrptrqlstlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvkhpqyawkqvgslqgqgggslfikthpasrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhpqhtwkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtingqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtingqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA022  coded_by=203519..205000,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA022,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspnyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA011  coded_by=complement(523181..524662),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA011,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspnyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlavttipaarylhdggwdkthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrdlealidvakiphpgrganfthpkhgpvwatsalgnenitligtdpnkhadnawkvveilkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtiavydinnldkgfdvlpiaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteepalvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdnawqtvrviqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkqdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavavvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvmmkgdtleplkivstrgntvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvinvketgkilmvnyrdidnlktteigaarflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnkiavvdakedrlvrlidvgkiphpgrganfvepklgpvwatghlgdesialigtdpekhkgsawkvvrtlkaqgggnlfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdaaisqsvavfdignldkgfevvkiadmaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaiviiddktrrlkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkdnklvalietdgikphpgrganfvhptygpvwatshlgdetvtligtdpeghpdnawkvvenlegqgdgslfikthpasrnlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdlddlgagyvtvpigemsgisegvrrvvqgeynmagdeiwfsvwnskeqesaivviddktrelkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgrillvdysdlaslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavlddprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmirlvdysdlknlkettiesakflhdggwdatkryflvaanasnkmavvdtktgklaalvdtkakphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhkqyawkvvqelknhgggslftkthpkssnlwtdaplnpepevaesvsvydirnlakgaeviniaklaglpeskaikravhaeynfagdevwfsiwagktepsavvimddktrklkyvikdpklitptgkf
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgniydeqvyhpeprvaailashykpefivnvketgkiimvdytdlknlktveieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanargklvvidtkesklaaitetggqtphpgrganfvhpihgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghpdqawkivdsfyalgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdatlnpdaetsasvavfnidamgapdedpeiitlpigewagitdgqprvvqpefnkerhrglvqrlecerqgigdcgcrrqtlelkkvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>838,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgqtlepkkvhsvlsntydtdepleevrvagiiashydpiwvialkesgfvgivdyskpdfpmvdkiaaerflhdggwdktqryfmvaanardtmavvdvkerklvtkfktgikphpgrganwkdpkfgwvngtthigegkfvvygadpknspdhawkvvreikldtpgalfvkthdksdwvwldsplsnvddntrrvcvykkgaddihkcwqavthgravhfeynkdgtevwvsgwdkegeivvyndkdlkeiarikgdwletptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivdvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpenharyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisrsvavfdindmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsvlgnekvtligtdpekhaghawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfneg
>Oceanithermus_profundus_DSM_14977  coded_by=complement(2172905..2174524),organism=Oceanithermus profundus DSM 14977,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mrwskaltvglaalalgalavaqgltpeqmeegkkiyfqqcagchgvlrkgatgknlepdklkaagknvdylkaiitngfggmpawgklgiltpeqidlmakfllspvpepppwtfediknnwvvyvpvskrptqpettrnwqnffgvilrdmgqvaivdgdtkelvkilptgyathilrsskdgryfyvigrdgkaeiidlwskeptlvaeakvcldarsidtskyegyegkyavvgcywpsnfvildgqtleplkmvstqgyvkstgeflrenrvasivsshfspewilnikeggqtwlvdyaniglkgkpinvrmidterflhdggwamdkryflvaanaakkivvidaktgefvasipvgdkphpgrganwvhpkygpvwatghikdnkiavigtdpkghpdyawkvvkmietpypgnlfikthpkspwlivdftvaptpeanatlcawkkedlekdpicwevpgakklkarmvhiefnkdgsefwvsawgnkdtptfivvydsvtlqektritgdwvrtptgkfnvwntandiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgnvydeqvyhpeprvaaivsshfnpefivnvketgkilfvdytdlknlktveveaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanqrgkiavvdtrenkltalietggqiphpgrganfthpvygpvwatshlgdesvalvgtdpvgnpdhawkivdsfpalgggslfikthpnskhlyvdatfnpdaeisaaiavfdtgkmngnpdedpefvtlpivewagitdgqprvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelktvikdkglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimngdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefiinvketgkimmanyedinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsshryfmsaanasnkiavvdskdqelealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsiavigtdpknhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslfikthpksknlwvdstlnpdagisqsiaifditnldkapevvniadlaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvvkdkrlitptgkfner
>Nitratiruptor_sp._SB155-2  coded_by=complement(1815165..1816823),organism=Nitratiruptor sp. SB155-2,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mklkigisaflavglvgalqassdiklspeemkkatqiyfdrcagchgmlrkgalgpnllpkktrqigtktleyiiyngtpggmpnwgssgemtkeetalmakfiqlppvsppeksmadmkktwkvlvppekrpkkpetkrnwenyfgvvlrdvgkvaiidgdtkelvsivksgfathilrtsksgrymyaigrdgkasvidlwmkkpqnvaeirvcndarsidtskakgyedeyavvgcywppsivtlkgdtlepiqivstasytydtgeftrearvasivanhhkpewvinvketgqvwlynysdprdpkihmlmaerylhdggwdltkryflvaanarnkvvavdtkdgeiaaiiptggtkphpgrganvshpkygpiwctghigsndvvcigtdptyhpqyawrvvadiklpgngggnlfvkthpackyiiadrpvnpdrklqtqlyvidknklkvvktikvpkkfvkehtvtvngkkikvkprgpvhiefnkdgdefwvsvwgnklvpsailvydaeklklkkaitgdwvrtptgkfnvfntkydiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigatkflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvnnveagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdihniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkcvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpqskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpqskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidakerrlvalpevtkvphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpgnnpdhawkvvrvlagqgggslfvkahpqsenlwvdtplnpdpgmsqsvavfdvndldagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdeiwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_sp._HMR-1  coded_by=complement(11662..13293),organism=Cupriavidus sp. HMR-1,definition=nitrite reductase
mfpalaamplffwsahgsaqtaptqnpepkltaeefnharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgdltdpevdlmaryiqldpptppefsladieksrkdivpvakrptrkmnnynlqnlfsvtlrdsgevalidgdskqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwlpkpdnvaevkiglearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashfrpefvinaketgkilmvdysdlknlktttidsakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpinhkaqawkvvetlkgqgggslfiktnpkshnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtqkledgykvlpiaewanlkgegakrvvqaeynqagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfnahntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root401  coded_by=17847..19526,organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root401,definition=nitrite reductase
mlishkkswalrvtalctalaaphafadqtaapeqprvvktegapdlsqadfdtakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetrktwkvlvkpedrptrqlstlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvkhpqyawkqvgslqgqgggslfikthpasrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Pseudomonas_sp._Root401  coded_by=25748..27244,organism=Pseudomonas sp. Root401,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrigwlapllwigavhgatapepdltlaeqnyqqhcqqchgvnriggagpallpqslsrikpdeirqviengrpasqmaafgavlepaqidglthylqrppaveptwseddtrrshrlladvaslpdkpqhhadplnlfvvveagdhhvdivdgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnltliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgntlpgnlvvldardlslvktvatvgldgqasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelstgpnpdfvprrieaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldtgrivtdialpgmphlgsgtywkrdghwvfatpniskglisvidfdtwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytfmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytfmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytfmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytfmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnlegsykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvvmngdtlqplkivstrgqtvdtleyhpeprvaaivashenrefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaadqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnfediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkdnklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdperhpdnawkmvqslegqgggslfikthpestnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfnikdlgkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgttleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavvdskerklvamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgndkitiigtdpeghpdqawkvvrvlegqgggslfvkthpnsrnlwvdtvlnpetaisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiakwadvgdgpkrvvhpeynqngdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrqlkhvikgprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqfvimegdslkplkivstrgltvppeeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnaketgkimmvdysdlknlksttidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkvavvdtkedklaamvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkkhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkgfemlpigewaglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkvvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpivewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
wppqyvitdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiklvdysdlenlkevtigsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtaklphpgrganfnhpqfgpvwatghlgadvisvigtdpekhqeqawkvvqelpnhgsgnlfvkthpnskhlwadapqnpekdmaesvsvfdlndlskpakvinvaalaglpeskaikrvvhpeynekgdevwlslwagktepsaivvmddktlelkavikdprlitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdadtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgktllvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshprsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavynvddpeagyevlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkrvikgpklitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfnpefvvnvketgkillvnysdiknlnvisidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkdrklvaliktgskphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdindldkdyevlpigewsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdprlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfnpefvvnvketgkillvnysdiknlnvisidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkdrklvaliktgskphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdindldkdyevlpigewsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdprlitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyaimegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlkvttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiavvdtkegklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtligtdpekhkdnawkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadapqnpekeiaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpetkairravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlalkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysvmdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgvyhpeprvasivashikpewvinvketgmimlvdysdinnlktttinsakflhdggwdytkryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdavvslistptddpkfakfkahnwkvveelkmpgagnlfvkthpksrhlwadmpmnperenaevnyvfdlndlskppvkidvakdsglpetkalrravhqefsadgtevwislwggkadqsaivvyddktlkvkkvitdpkivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdslkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnriavidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganitdpqygpvwitsalgnenitfvgtdpegnaehawkvvrelsgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsiavfdvnnldagyevlpigewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens  coded_by=complement(4812731..4814422),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfaltaatlcstlalamshavaaeepaagaatppmvktagapdlsqadfdaskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitamakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyqdkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtyidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfdhpaygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpikhpqyawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnldkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpeftvnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA103  coded_by=complement(46847..48328),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA103,definition=Nitrite reductase associated c-type cytochorome NirN
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdiflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL22  coded_by=complement(46852..48333),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL22,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdiflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(572233..573714),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdiflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH060  coded_by=complement(506270..507751),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH060,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdiflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH053  coded_by=complement(494247..495728),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH053,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdiflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>837,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
qyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfptaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtmitp
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaantrnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimegdtlepkkivstrdttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlsvttiaaarflhdggwdlskryfltaanksdkiavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpdrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndkitmlgtdpdghpdqawkvvkvmsgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpetpisqsvavfsindldagfgvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikgeriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagykvlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaiavvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvklinvgkiphpgrganfehpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdehhkasmwtvvqtlkgqgggnlfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkgfkvlpiaewsgikegprrvvqpeynkagnevwfavwngkeqepaivivddktlklkqvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpvghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqvgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvitdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdvenlsvtdigaarylhdggwdrtkryflaaanksdkvavvdskdrtlaalvdvekiphpgrganivdpefgpvwvtsalgnanityigtdpekhpqhawksvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdirkpeagfevlpiaewadigegpkrivqpeynsrgdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagyeklpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeaesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqimlvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqimlvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>Sulfuricella_denitrificans_skB26  coded_by=complement(334156..335778),organism=Sulfuricella denitrificans skB26,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mnkftvsalalavsgmfnvayaadepptmsvekkasaakiyfercagchgilrkgatgknlepdnthklgqnrlekiisygteggmvnfddilskddismmatyiqqtpdvppefgmkdmlaswkvmvkpedrpkkpmnkinlknvfsvtlrdtgevalidgdtkqiwgivktgyavhisrlsasgryvyvigrdgkldlidlwfekptivaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkyaiagsywppqyaimdgltlkplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvnvketgmirlvdysdlknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkakphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhkqyawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpksnhlwadaplnpekdlaesvtvydiknldkppviinvakmadlpeskatkrvvqaeynadgtevwysiwagktepsaivvlddktlkmkavikdpklitptgkfnvyntqrdiy
>Sulfuricella_denitrificans_skB26  coded_by=385196..386818,organism=Sulfuricella denitrificans skB26,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mnkftvsalalavsgmfnvayaadepptmsvekkasaakiyfercagchgilrkgatgknlepdnthklgqnrlekiisygteggmvnfddilskddismmatyiqqtpdvppefgmkdmlaswkvmvkpedrpkkpmnkinlknvfsvtlrdtgevalidgdtkqiwgivktgyavhisrlsasgryvyvigrdgkldlidlwfekptivaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkyaiagsywppqyaimdgltlkplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvnvketgmirlvdysdlknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkakphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhkqyawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpksnhlwadaplnpekdlaesvtvydiknldkppviinvakmadlpeskatkrvvqaeynadgtevwysiwagktepsaivvlddktlkmkavikdpklitptgkfnvyntqrdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmanyedvenlkvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsredkltalidvtkiphpgrganlsdpkygpvwvtsalgnedvtvigtdpekhkdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpagnpdnawktvrtldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesfsqsiavfdvnnldagfetlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelksvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgetleplkiistrgntvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysdltnlsvttidaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanksntiavidsknrkleklvevgeiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdasismigtdpakhpeyawkvagklegagggslfikthphsrnlwvdtplnpnaessqsiavfdldhldkgfqvlpiakwadlgsegvqrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngakeksaivvvddktrklktvikderlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_NF13  coded_by=194577..196259,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri NF13,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
msnvgkpilagliaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwsktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqlnninlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasedpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshehpefivnvketgqillvdysdvnslkettigaarflhdggwdaskryfmtaanqsdkiavvdakeqklaalvdvtriphpgrganivdpkygpvwvtsalgnaeitfigtdpeghpehawkavrvlegqgggspfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdegtsqsvavfdiddleagfevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwnamdqrsaivvvddktrklkkvidderi
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvpngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytlmegdtlkplhivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkillvnyqdidnldvttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiaiidskerklvaltevakiphpgrganildpeygpvwvtsalgnhnitfigtdpeghaghawrvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpasanlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdidkldagyavlpiaewaqlgegpkrvvqpeynadgsevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkqvikgpeiitptgkfnera
>Thauera_sp._63  coded_by=complement(136071..137675),organism=Thauera sp. 63,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mirhafvfaglalavagaatatraqaaddgvakvaanyaqhcaschaadrlggmgpallpdnlarlrkpealkvvaegrtatqmpafgaqlgkdeiaalvdwiyspveppprwtdddirasriqhvdpatlsdtpvfdadpmnlflvveggdhhvsvldgdklepihrfqsrfalhggpkfaangryvffgsrdgwitkfdlwnlkvvaevragintrnvaaspdgkhvavanylpnslvlldgdlnlvktlaatdrdgkkssrvsavydatprqsfiaalkdvpevweisytkavediptgfihdyaqkegsfipgylnprrtildevlddffftqdyaelmgasregvgqvvnldirrrianlpldgmphlgsgitwewtdtrtdaggkprtvmastnlkagevtvidmktwevikriptrgpgfflrshansryafvdsmmspqakhilqvidkqtlevvreivgepgktlahveftrdgryalaslwedegavivydaqtleevkrlpmrkpvgkynvwnkitreegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidvakiphpgrganfshpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnkknakfkefnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnpdkelaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpvtkatrravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlalkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>Ralstonia_pickettii_DTP0602  coded_by=2558204..2559703,organism=Ralstonia pickettii DTP0602,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mttlfrwlgalamacamqaahaaepalvyrqhcaachgadrlggmgpallpeslerlraseldsvlrdgraatqmagfsgtpaepdlqalarwlrtapaaapqwneaairashivhhapgslparpvfsadpqnlfvvveagthhmtvldgdrlapihrfatrfalhggpkfsrdgryvymasrdgwvskydlwnlayvaeirvglntrnvavsddgrwvlagntlprtlvlldagdlslarvidvkgrqgelsrvsavydaaprhgfiaalkdipevweipypdaagtplptltprvialdnvlddfffdqpyrhilgasrsgggqvidldagrkvaalalggmphlgsgitwqrngrevmaspdlgqgritvidmqswqtiatvpangpgfflrshentpyawadammsprrdtlqvidkqtlqvvgsvtpapgrtaahveftrdgryalvslmerdgaivvydaatlqevkripmdkpigkynvfnkttrsagtsh
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_NF13  coded_by=complement(188837..190360),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri NF13,definition=c-type cytochrome
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqptdsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlneaqiaglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrmlkdvatlpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlnnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldsgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvsqglisvldlqtwklieeiptegpgffmrsqenspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydantleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgqillvdyqdiknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvaivdtkegrlvdviesggikphpgrganivhptfgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpeknkehawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpkskhlyidtplnpeaeiassvavfkiddltkeepeytvlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgefnqagdeiwfsvwnavdqesaivvvddktlkmkhvikdprlktptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngetleplkiastrgmiyddqtyhpeprvasivashykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdiqnlkvteieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltslietggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgdesvtligtdpeghadsawtvvqtlysmgggslfvkthpgsghlyvdaplnpdaeisgsiavfniaemtadepeytvlpivewagiaegqprvvqgefnqegtkiwfsvwngadkesaivvvddatlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepiqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdihaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidskdrelealvdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdatlnpdesasqsiavfdinnldtgferlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgsryrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaeqfphdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptprnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldvgyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvnvsktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkimlvnyedidnmkmteigaarflhdggwdvtkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdgelealvdvgkiphpgrganfndpkygpvwatsdlgdegiavigtdpedheanawkvvrtlkgqgggslfirthpkstnlyvdtalnpdekisqsvavfdindldkgfevidiagmaglgegpkrvvqpefneagdevwfsvwsgskqesaivvlddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_NCIMB_11764  coded_by=4753502..4754995,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 11764,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrrivlahllgvsaaqagaavpvlehaaqlyqqhcqschginrlggagpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmtgyanvfspaqvdalvdylqqppatpptwsnddilgsysmladlsklpstpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktiptigqngtasrvsavysapprdsfivalkdvkevwelswagtqdfeprripagdflddfsfspdykqllatsrkaqggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpvpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwatdgalivydsntlkeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksdkiaivdskerrltalvdtdkiphpgrganlddpqhgpvwvtsalgnekitfigtdpeghadkawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpdpkihqsiavfdvknpdkgyevlpiaewagvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeqsaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywsplyvimalvalepnnvlsprvmtydpqdyhpeprvpsidpshylaefvvnvketgqillvhysdiknlkvtaleaerflhyggfdrtgryfidaanardriaiidtgygklvdvlpsgcvnahlsrgalfappnfgpgwttshlrdetisfigtdpdkhkeqawkvvqtvkgqcsgslflttlpkskniyvhtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkylvlpivewsgnaegqrrvlhdeynkdgesicysvctsltqesvivvvddktltknavirdkrlisstgefn
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-105ASC  coded_by=complement(173974..175656),organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-105ASC,definition=nitrite reductase
msnvgkpilagliaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaskqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwskteadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqlnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmydvy
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvgeqeyhpeprvaaivasheapefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdhafkvvrtlqgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpeeaisqsvavydvnkleagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklknvikeerlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgqtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnveetgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvkesgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasiaashykpefvanvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpekhkeqawkvvrtvkgqgggslfikshpksaniyvdtplnpvaelsssvavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivivddktltkkavirnkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynktgdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlqprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdltnlktttidsakflhdggfdssgryflvaanasnkiavvdtktdklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgsdevtligtdpakhpqyawkavatfkgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavydvrqldkppqvidiaacagldddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkqsaivvvndktrqckavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimqgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedinnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstrryfltaanksdkiavvdskeqrlealvdaqkiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnedvtvigtdpanhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpnsknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdvdnldggfevlpiaewaelgegpmrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdeesaivivddktrelkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimngdtleplkitstrgmivdtqdyhpeprvasivashfnpsfivnvketgkimvvnyddltnlkitnieaerflhdggfdrtgryfmvaanarnkvgvvdtkenkllalvetsttphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgseaisligtdpekhpgqawkvvqelegqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpeaeiaasvavfdidnpdkdyevlpigewsgitegtrrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwnakdqqsaivivddktrklkhvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvtkiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpdhawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagferipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddkarelkhvikgpeiitptgkfnessn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgftleplkvvstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivnvketghifmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvalietgvrphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdidnleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwngkdqesalvivddktrklldvvrderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvapivashyhpefvvniketghilmvnyediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardrvavvdtkedklvalidsggikphpgrganlmhpefgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpeghpdhawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavsnvddldagyevlpigewsgidegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwnskeqesaivvvddatrelkhvirderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyediqnlkvtaiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardklaivdtkenklvrliesggvkphpgrganlkhpefgpvwvtshlgdeivsligtdpeahpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdvnnldkgyevlpigewsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkagteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrkpkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpkprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkehawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksrdlwvdtplnpdanvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigdwagikddgarrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkisalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpgsknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyrpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkillvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklvdvgkiphpgrganfrdprfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdkekhranawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpprvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddrtlklkhvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashqrpefivnvketgkvmmvnyadfnnlqitsidaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavidsktakleklidvgqiphpgrganfkdpkfgpvwatshlgdatisvigtdprrhkkhawkvvrtlnaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpveaisqsiavfdinnfeagfeklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkkgdevwfsvwngktqksalvvvddrtrklkkvikdeklvtptgkfn
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._SK-12  coded_by=complement(134539..136218),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-12,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mqkgirnvlmlaslplaislafaapaekaaapaasaapaagptlsaedkaaagktyfercagchgmlrkgatgknlepantaklgtsrlekimsygteggmpnfddilskkeianmaaylqmpadvppewgmkdmkaswklhvpvaqrptkqmnnvnlknvfavtlrdsgevalidgdtkqiwgivktgyavhisrvsasgryvhvigrdgrydlidmwyekptivatmkagyearsvdtskykgfedkyavvgsywppqyaildgetleplklistrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivsshdkpewviniketgmiklvdysdinnlkevtvnsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatshlgadvisiigtdpaknpqhawkvvqevknhganslfvkthpksknlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvyniddlgnpdpkpqvldlaaaanlgktkgiqrvvhgeynekgdevwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddktrtvknvikdprlvtptgkfnvyntqrdiy
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkqivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidpkldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkglevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkglevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnienltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvdnlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganivdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpvnnpdnawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsiavfdindldagfeklpigdwaelgpgpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvniketghilmvnyediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardrvavvdtkedklvalidsggikphpgrganldhpefgpvwvtshlggetisligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassiavfnvddldagyevlpigewsgidegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwnskdqesaivivddstrelksvirderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpeagisqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgqdvngeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvnvketgviklvdysdiknqkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgsdvisligtdpakhpqhawkvgaelknhgggslfvkthpkshnlwadaplnpekelaesvtvydirnldkapeiiniaklaglpeskaikravhaefnaagdevwyslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfnera
>bacterium_symbiont_of_Nonionella_stella  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=bacterium symbiont of Nonionella stella,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrtvdgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvnnieagfqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpalitptgkf
>Thauera_aminoaromatica_S2  coded_by=26094..27776,organism=Thauera aminoaromatica S2,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mqkkgligsafamgvlslamssawaqeapkltaeemekgkqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktapdgtkleggtlklgterlekiisygteggmvnyddiltkeeinlmaryiqntppippefslkdmkdswkllvpvkdrptkqmnkvnlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthkiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmfyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepmkivstrgntvdgdyhpeprvasivasmtkpewvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlksiaiesakflhdggwdmskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfskykeynwkvveqlkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlskapvalnvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvyntmhdvy
>Halomonas_ventosae  coded_by=<1..>845,organism=Halomonas ventosae,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyenldalsmveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdntiqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadvgegvkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvivddetrelkhvikder
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflatdpeghpdnawkvvrildgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindldagfvklpvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynmagdelwvsvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pqytitdgntlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttidsarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkivvidskerklvampdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfvgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdinnlaagyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynrdgsevwfsvwsgmtqesalvvvddktrklkqvikgdqvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
pqytitdgntlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttidsarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkivvidskerklvampdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfvgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdinnlaagyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynrdgsevwfsvwsgmtqesalvvvddktrklkqvikgdqvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdivnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltamvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpdkhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_ATCC_14405_=_CCUG_16156  coded_by=complement(5956..7638),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 14405 = CCUG 16156,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
msnvgkpilagliaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaskqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwskteadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqhtpdippefslqdmkdswnlivpvekrvtkqmnkinlqnvfavtlrdagklalidgdthkiwkvlesgyavhisrmsasgryvyttgrdglttiidlwpeepmtvatvrfgsdmrsvdvskfegyedkyliggtywppqysivdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgddvvslistpseeskyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlskapiqlnvakdsglpeskairravqpeynkagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkrvitdpavvtptgkfnvfntmndvy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=19256..20938,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase precursor
msnvgkpilagliaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaskqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwskteadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqhtpdippefslqdmkdswnlivpvekrvtkqmnkinlqnvfavtlrdagklalidgdthkiwkvlesgyavhisrmsasgryvyttgrdglttiidlwpeepmtvatvrfgsdmrsvdvskfegyedkyliggtywppqysivdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgddvvslistpseeskyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlskapiqlnvakdsglpeskairravqpeynkagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkrvitdpavvtptgkfnvfntmndvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiiniketgkvlmvnyedienlrvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidsredaltalvdvteiphpgrganfkdpeygpvwvtsalgnenvtaiatdpvgnpevawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthprssnlwvdsplnpdtkvsqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewagiegagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklknvtkdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnyadidnlsvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskdrklaamidvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnakitmigtdpeghpeqawkvvrviegqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtalnpeeaisqsiavfdindldagfdvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrtlkhvikgprvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdatqryfltaanqsnrlavidsrerklvampevtkvphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnanitfigtdperhrdhawhvvrelqgqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsiavfdvdnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgsevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>846,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyivydgltleplavhdvsgntfdtnepltevrvaaivashfdpvwvvalkesghvgivdysqpdfpmvsripaerflhdggwdhtgryfmvaanmrnkmavvdvqeqklvttfetgirphpgrganwedpeygwvnatvhigqglltvygadpvnnpehawqvvrtvefdgtgslflkthpnspwvwmdmplnndpegtrqtcvyskqrgeiercwlaadhgaavhfeynrtgdevwvsiwdrdgeivvyddktleekaritgdwlitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgvtvdgdyhqeprvasivasttkpeflvsvketgmvkmvdysdltnlkevtintakflhdggydaskryfmvaanasnkiavvdvkegkftalvdtakiphpgrganinhpkygpawatshlgadvitligtdpekhpdhawkvvqelknhgpnslfvkthpksdnlwadsplnpdaklagsvtvykiselgqpdpkpeiidvaaaanlgktkgiqrvvqgeynqygdeiwysvwtgnktepsaivviddktrkvktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegetlkplkivstrgmtidneyhpeprvasilgshynpefvinaketgkiylvnykdlnnlrittidaakflhdggvdstgryfmvaanasdkiavvdtkedklaamvnvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetvsmigtdpvkhkdqawkvvdtvkgqgggllfikshpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsiavynindlhkgfevlpiaewanvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkavstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgliklvnyediqnlkettieaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksnyiavvdsldqkltamievhevphpgrganidhpkfgpvwltsalgsedisligtdpdghpqhawkgvqvlkgqgggslfvkshpnssnlyvdtplnpeagisqsvavfdvndldagykvlpiaewagidgpgpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktltkkavikapglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkavstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgliklvnyediqnlkettieaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanksnyiavvdsldqkltamievhevphpgrganidhpkfgpvwltsalgsedisligtdpdghpqhawkgvqvlkgqgggslfvkshpnssnlyvdtplnpeagisqsvavfdvndldagykvlpiaewagidgpgpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktltkkavikapglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvgtrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttvgsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwttghlgadvltlistpsdekknvkykefnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdkelaesvsiwdmadlskpkkvinvakdsglpvtkatrravhpeysadgkevwislwggkadqsaivvyddatlalkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstlkpikivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidsrnrrlvalpevtqvphpgrganiedpkfgpvwitsalgnanitfigtdperhrdhawhavrvlqgqgggslfvkshpnsrnlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdvndldagyevlpladwaelgegpkrvvhpeynvdgsevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddatrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlspvkivstrgmtvdsqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdsenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpdygpvwvtsalgnanitvlgtdpeghpdsawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpeeaisqsvavydvndleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgsevwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktralkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>851,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
dgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgetleplkiistrgntvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysdltnlsvttidaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanksntiavidsknrkleklvevgeiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshfgdasismigtdpakhpeyawkvagklegagggslfikthphsrnlwvdtplnpnaessqsiavfdldhldkgfqvlpiakwadlgsegvqrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngakeksaivvvddktrklktvikderlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._BICA1-14  coded_by=15384..17066,organism=Pseudomonas sp. BICA1-14,definition=nitrite reductase
msnvgkpilagliaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwsktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpidqrpkkqlnkinlqnvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddpkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydlndlskepkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeynvagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgetleplkivatrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvlmvnysdldnlkvttinaarflhdggwdatqryfltaanksdkiavidskedkltalidvgkipppgrganfvdpkygpvwatshlgdasivligtdpkkhpknawkvvrkldgqgggslfikthpkssnlyvdtalnpdtkisqsiavfdlknldkgfkvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdetsalvvlddktlkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvdysdvdnlkvttigaarllhdggwdsshryfltaanksdkiavvdskdrslaalvdvekiphpgrganfndpkygpvwitsclgndhiaaigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdeaisqsvavfdvdnpdkgyevvkvaamaklgkgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaiviiddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkitstrgmiydeqtyhpeprvasivashykpefivnmketgkilmvdysdiqnlkvteiegerflhdggfdstgryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltalietggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgdesvtligtdpeghadsawtvvqtlysmgggslfvkthpgsghlyidaplnpdaeisgsiavfniaemtadepeytvlpivewagiaegqprvvqgefnqegteiwfsvwngadkesaivvvddatlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrgadfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfdisnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpqwivnvketgqvllvdyedidnlktttigtarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkivvidskdekltamidvdkiphpgrganfvnsqygpvwvtsalgdekvtligtdpvghadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvksnpksnhlyvdtplnpdpaiaqsvavfdtqnldagykvlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktlklkavikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnfedvenlsvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdprdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsiavfdindldagykmlpigewaelgegpkrvvqpeynlagdevwvsvwsgqeqesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnfedvenlsvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdprdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqsiavfdindldagykmlpigewaelgegpkrvvqpeynlagdevwvsvwsgqeqesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Thauera_phenylacetica_B4P  coded_by=2940..4595,organism=Thauera phenylacetica B4P,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mkfrastlarlcallgafsgvllvepaaaspdkaaaqaapaaaaspvlidvpalyaqhcaachapnrlgamgpallpdnlgrlrkseaakviaegrpatqmagfaaqmskeeiaaltewiytpvvpaprwtdedirasrivhvdpatlsarpvfdadpmnlflvveagdhhvsvldgdklepifrfqsrfalhggpkfaaegryvffasrdgwitkfdlwnlkvvaevragintrnvaaspdgthvavanylpntlvlldgdlnlvktipatdrdgkkssrvsavydatprksfiaalkdvgevweisytkavedipisyihdytqregsfipgylnprrtilaevlddffftqdyselmgasregvgqvvnldvrkkianlpldgmphlgsgitwewkdpaagpdakprtvmastnlkagevtvidmktwevvkriptrgpgfflrshgnsryafvdsmmspeakhilqvidkhtlevvreitgepgktlahieftrdgryalaslwedegavivldaqtleevkrlpmrkpvgkynvwnkitreegtsh
>Ruegeria_atlantica  coded_by=23301..24854,organism=Ruegeria atlantica,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mirrisssktlklgtlcsllligtawadapsdyaefcaschgenrlggvgpalipetlkrmrgprvaaviaegrtatqmpafsheldalqieelagwlksplesdpewgeadimasrildenyvaveapiwdsdpmnitlavetgdhhvsvldgdtfevldrfetpfavhggpkfspdgryvfimsrdgwvqkydiwaleqvgrvraglnsrniamsgdgkwvavanylpnsltllstedlsvvkvidikskkgkpsrvsavyqappresfvlalkdvpeiwevfyganppqfgighdfriegqfknpdpfpvrkittpdylddfffdqsyeyvmgasrggegghvidlvigqkvadldlpgmphlgsgitwrygdttvmatphltdgtvsvinmetwktvkqiktegpgffmrshenspyvwadvffgpnkdamhvidkqsleivrtlrpapgktvahveftkdgshalvsvweddgavivydaqtleevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkalmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Ruegeria_sp._CECT_5091  coded_by=complement(48301..49977),organism=Ruegeria sp. CECT 5091,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mslgisynktgrafgvglamllgsvaapafaeeptlseeafesskqlyfeqcagchgvlrkgatgkslepmvetknddgtvtesgtlklgqerlekiiawgteggmnnfsdimteqeikdmatyimmeppkppemsleqmmatrkvyveeadypteplhgrnwenffvvierdvgkvavidgdtkevlthiptgyavhvlkasehhaleepeqpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqtpdkmlvsevkiaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfaivdaqtmepvkvvstrgvnvdgdyveearvaaiyttpneptwivavkelgqlwqvdytdldnlridkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtethkleamidtaalphpgpganwvdpncgpvagtthlgvgtvtvwgndpenrpddawkicyevetdgpglfvrthpnsdyiwadqtkhpepevqqsvqvisketgeivktiqitedegsaavhfefnadgtevwvskwnlsdslepngqivifdaktleeigridglfaptgkfnvynrsnhvt
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkivstrgqthdgeyhpeprvasivatpnkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdvknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpkstnlwadaplnperelaesvtvydiknldkgpeviniakmanlpeskaikrtvhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivilddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkivstrgqthdgeyhpeprvasivatpnkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdvknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpkstnlwadaplnperelaesvtvydiknldkgpeviniakmanlpeskaikrtvhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivilddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkivstrgqthdgeyhpeprvasivatpnkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdvknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpkstnlwadaplnperelaesvtvydiknldkgpeviniakmanlpeskaikrtvhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivilddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkivstrgqthdgeyhpeprvasivatpnkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdvknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpkstnlwadaplnperelaesvtvydiknldkgpeviniakmanlpeskaikrtvhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivilddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdrkltamvdvekiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpkghpdhawkavgvlrgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaaisqsvavfdiknldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddntrklkkvikgaevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnienltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnienltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaetlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltevtkiphpgrganlddpehgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdsafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_brassicacearum_subsp._brassicacearum_NFM421  coded_by=3922747..3924243,organism=Pseudomonas brassicacearum subsp. brassicacearum NFM421,definition=putative c-type cytochrome (NirN)
mrigwlapllwigavhgapasepdlalaeqnyqqhcqqchgvnriggagpallpqslsrikpdeirqviengrpasqmaafgavlepaqidglthylqrppaveptwseddtrrshrlladvaslpdkpqhsadplnlfvvveagdhhvdivdgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnltliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgntlpgnlvvldardlslvktiatvgldgqasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelstgpspdfvprrieaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldtgrivtdialpgmphlgsgtywkrdghwvfatpniskglisvidfdtwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimetdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdsltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaadqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpnganawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdsplnpdeaiaqsvavfdvndleagyevppiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmvydtqefhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkvllvdysdvknlkvtaieaerflhdggldstkryflvaanarhkivvidtktgsltailetggqtphpgrganlshpthgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdkawkvvqtlealgggslfvkshpksdhlyvdaplnpeaeisasiavfkvseldqdepkfktlpigewagiaegqprvvqgeynqagdevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnedhawqvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphsanlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindldagfvklpvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdelwvsvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfnera
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_19660  coded_by=complement(12231..13712),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 19660,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvrvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Hahella_chejuensis_KCTC_2396  coded_by=4548323..4550107,organism=Hahella chejuensis KCTC 2396,definition=Cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants
mqsasatqtdraqqrrrqspigpfrlpyptltlalvaalsnpalaetksdlvnsppgkyesaptamtgeglrivrspgapdlteeefqkatriyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqakgsdyleafinygspagmpnwgtsgdftadevklmakflqheppqppewgmaemknswkvlvkpedrpskqlnklnlknlfsvtlrdagqialidgdskkivtiiktgyavhisrlsssgrylfvigrdakvnmidlwmetpdtvaeikvglearsvetskykgfedtyaiagaywppqyvimdgetmeplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashekpefivnvketgkillvnyedinalkvttidaarflhdggwdnthryfltaanqsnkvavidskdgalealidvgaiphpgrganftdakygpvwatshlgdgsiavigtdpdkhgdyawkqvrslnaqgggslfikthpksrhlyvdtplnpdvnisqsvavfdlndieakykvlpiaqwaelgdgpkrvvqpefneagdevwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktlalktvikdsrlvtptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdaleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawrtvrivdgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpeflvnvketgktlvadysdiknlkqieigsarflrdggfdstkryflvaanasnkvavidtkedklvaivetgqtphpgrgadfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetivligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdsplspeasiassvavfdignldkepvildigamsgipegvrrvvqgeynkqgdevwfsvwntksqesaivviddktlklkdvikgkdiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpetgfsqsiavfdvndieagfetlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkifgtrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashehpefiinvketghiylanyedinnlkitsisaapflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskeqklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkghkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpdakvsqsvavydigsldkgpeilpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddetrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvteggtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlrettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfkhptfgpvwatshlgsdvitligtdpvkhpknawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpkssnlwadaplnpepevaesvsvydlknlskapeviniaklaglpetkavkrtvhaeynaagdevwfsiwagktdpsatvvmddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvdysdvqalgvttieaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkvaiidskdrkltalvdvktiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpvnhpehawkavgvlkgqgggslfvkthpqstnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdinnldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynrkgdgvwfsvwsgkeeesalvvvddktrklkkvikgsevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnpsnlwvdaplnpetgfsqsiavfdvndidagfetlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganledpeygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtnpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdvdnldkgfevlpiadwagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgqtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvketgkillvnyadvdalsvttidaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanesdkiavvdskdrelealvdvdriphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnnkitfigtdpkkhkdnawkvvrrlegqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdpkvsqsvavydienldkgyevlpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddrtrklvkvikgerivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnveetgkvmlvnyedinnltttmigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfnpdakvsqsaavfdinnlaagykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwngqeeesavvvvddktlelktvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtidgeyhpeprvaaivashqkpeflinaketgkiwmvdytdlenlkttqinsakflhdggfdstrryfltaanasdkiavvdtktsklaalvpvgkiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsglgdesiaiigtdpeknkanawkvvqslkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskppqiidiaacakldddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrtckqvlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfqtaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpgygpvwvasalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
llaaqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynragdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvtkiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpdhawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagferipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddkarelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
wppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefvvnvketgkvlmvnysdldnlkitsiatarflhdggfdstgryfmdaanasniiavidtkenklvklievgttphpgrgpnfvhprhgpvwatshlgdetisvigtdpeghpdqawtvvetiegqgggslfikthpnstnlyvdtplnpeaelsssiavfdtndlgkgyevlpigewsgidhgvrrvvqgeynvkgdevwfsvwngaeeesaivvvderpvslnvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Paracoccus_pantotrophus  coded_by=1..1791,organism=Paracoccus pantotrophus,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mrqrtpfarpgllasaalalvlgplaasaqeqvappkdpaaaledhktrtdnryepsldnlaqqdvaapgapegvsalsdaqyneankiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltrdlgfdylqsfitygspagmpnwgtsgelsaeqvdlmanyllldpaappefgmkemreswkvhvapedrptqqendwdlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgatyeiksvldtgyavhisrlsasgrylfvigrdgkvnmidlwmkepttvaeikigsearsietskmegwedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgetlepkkiqstrgmtydeqeyhpeprvaailashyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdldnlktteisaerflhdggldgshryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaiedtggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshmgddsvaligtdpeghpdnawkildsfpalgggslfikthpnsqylyvdatlnpeaeisgsvavfdikamtgdgsdpefktlpiaewagitegqprvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddktlelkhvikderlvtptgkfnvyntmtdty
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytvmngdtleplqvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttigaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanqsnriaivdskerklvalpevtkiphpgrganivdpeygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdperhaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpvsinlwvdtplnpepaisqtvavydinkleagyevlpiaewaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagsevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfneg
>Natrinema_pallidum_DSM_3751  coded_by=39534..40793,organism=Natrinema pallidum DSM 3751,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
msdqlaastvrppsfhemgleeiadsremrleertlpaaprhgvtdlrdllvvaerrpgsvslvdttrhervgrvdgvgraphsivfhrqlpenaregayayvqsrqgwvskldlfggelvgriragtsgraitissdsafliagyynpnhavildadtleplhripahavdpdgqsiasrictvrdvpgercfllvlkdagtvwfveyddpefpivdeidvgrvlhdgvfspddryfylasqaedclyvldvrqrevvgrvptagpphpspgalderrglgitgtvmtdavtawdletgepiadiripghgmfctahpdseyvwgdvifddtdrdndgviyqidpdelvvstvidttewadgrslhpeftrdgdhvyvscwdagtllvfdsstgaltaaidgvetptgtflgdratep
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>851,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdiknldkgyktipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagteiwfsvwnskkqesaivviddktrklkkvikdkrlv
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpqfvvneketglilminyediknlqvttieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkiavvdtkenklaalvesegttphpgrganlilpdlgpvwatshlgdeivsfigtdpdghpeqawkvvktvegqgggslflkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdienleagyevlpigewsgitegirrvvqpeynkdgdevwfavwnakeeesaivivddktrrlkkvirdprlitptgkfn
>Hydrogenivirga_sp._128-5-R1-1  coded_by=12510..14159,organism=Hydrogenivirga sp. 128-5-R1-1,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mklfklgllagalslgvilpakaggvpkltpeemkkatqmyfdrcagchgmlrkgatgpaltpditrqrglkylktiitngtpggmpdwgrqgilskkeidliarylmheppepplmslaemkkwwkvyippearptkpqhklnwknfmgiilrdvgkvaivdgdtkklvsivdtgfavhifrssgtgryfltigrdgkatlidlwlkkpdkvaevkvcydarsidtskykgpkgdymdklaivgcywppsfvlldgqtleplkiidtsdytwdtneyvrearvasivashhdpewivsnkepgkvlivnykdptnikmhlidaerflhdggwdlskryflvaanmrnkivvidsvekkfvaevetgvkphpgrganfvhprfgpvwctghlgsnnvacigtdpvnrsryawklvgnvelpgpgggtlfvkthpksphiwvdrtlsadpklqrqlyvidkdslkviktvnvieelrkkgyknidgrvvhpefdmhgkevwvsvwgrkdkptaivvfddktmkikkvitgdwvrtptgifnvyttthdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdsgwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttfnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkst
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA022  coded_by=196011..197717,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA022,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhsqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA011  coded_by=complement(530464..532170),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA011,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhsqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgpslepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdyrdllnlkvttldaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrtqkmaalvdvdkiphpgrganfthptygpvwvtsalgnekvtmvgtdperhpqyawkavgvlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdttlnpdpkvsqsvavfdtrnpeagykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktrtlkavirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgpslepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdyrdllnlkvttldaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrtqkmaalvdvdkiphpgrganfthptygpvwvtsalgnekvtmvgtdperhpqyawkavgvlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdttlnpdpkvsqsvavfdtrnpeagykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktrtlkavirdprlitptgkfn
>Prosthecomicrobium_hirschii  coded_by=4014341..4016056,organism=Prosthecomicrobium hirschii,definition=nitrite reductase
mliglafaqtaiaaeaapdakkhdsspagqyqpslqgidaaslaqpgtrpgdpvltkeeftranqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrqngydylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsnelskadidlmaryllnepaqppefgmtemkatwkvvlpvdkrptrqmnkldldnifsvtlrdtgevalidgaskqivtriktgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdakinlidlwletpatvaelkvgnearsvetskykgfedkyaiagsywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvydeqtyhpeprvasivashfkpeflvniketgkirlvdysdiknlreteieaerflhdggfdstkryfivaanarnkvavvdmkesklvkvietkgdkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpekhpkeawtvvqtlagqgggslfikthpkshylyvdttlnpepeisssvavfdidqlgqdkpkykvlpigewsgikegqrrvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktltlkkvikdknmitptgkfnvlntrddiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgltleplrvvstrsmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvnyedldnlvvtdiaterflhdggfdatgryffvaanarhkiavidtkdgelealiesggltphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdptvsligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpesnhlyvdttlnpepeiassiavfnideldqeepeyqvlpigewsgidegmrrivqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnaqdqasaivivddetlqpkhvikgekivtptgkfneg
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashfrpeflvtvketghilmvdysdiknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdatgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvalidtegvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwvtshlgdeaisligtdpkghpdqawkvvqtlegqgggalfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaemassvavfnidnldeeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdshdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpefgpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawrvvavlkgmgggslfvkthphstnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefvvnvketghtllvnyedldnlvvtdiaterflhdggfdssgryflvaanarhkiavvdtkedklvalietggqtphpgrganfnhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpeghpeqawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsehlyvdtplnpeaeisssvavfdiddlddeepeyevlpigewsgisegqrrvvqpeynkagdevwfsiwngkeqesaivvvddktlklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytvmdgdtleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsdriaivdsrerklvalpevtkiphpgrganitdpeygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpvstnlwvdtplnpepaiaqtvavydinnlkagfevlpiaewaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvydktrklkhvikgpklitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnnpdhawqvvremagqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpdagmsqsiavfdvndldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigtarylhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkvvvidskndtltamvdvteiphpgrganiadpeygpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthphsknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_phosphatis_clade_IIA_str._UW-1  coded_by=complement(2863645..2865327),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis clade IIA str. UW-1,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mqkgirsvlmlavlpvamnlafaapaekaaapaaapaaapaaptlsaedkaasgktyfercagchgmlrkgatgknlepanttklgssrlekimsygteggmpnfddiltkkeianmaayvqmpaeappewsladikgswkllipvdkrptkqmnkvnlanvfavtlrdsgevalidgdtkkiwvviktgyavhisrmstsgrylhvigrdgrydlidlwsetpttvatlkagfearsiettkfkgyedkyavvgsywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivaseskpewviniketgmirlvnysdlanlkettinsakflhdggwdsskryflvaanasnkvavvdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatshlgadvisvigtdpagnpqsawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksenlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvykiadlgnpdpkpevldlaaaadlgktkgvqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddktrkvktvikdprlvtptgkfnvyntmhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhddgwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltamvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpdtkisqsiavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewadikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqgidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealidapkiphpgrganikdpdygpvwltsslgnenmtfigtdpkghkqhawkvvrtlksqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdnplhpvakisqsvavydinnleagfevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqvsaivvvddktrelkhvikdervdhp
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-93  coded_by=complement(34774..36513),organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-93,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mtnyrglrtaavliaatlplavgsafaqetakknvsqeeqkyqasgsspvgqaemhqninpkappmtkeefdkakniyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkplttdttldkgteylkvfitygspggmpnwgtsgelteaevdmmaryvqqeppvppewgmkemmaslkvnvppeqrptkkmnkldldnlfsvtlrdagkialidgktkkivkilptgyavhisrmsksgrylyvigrdarinlidlwmpeptnvaeikvglearsvetskykgyedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlnplkivstrgstvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshykpefivnaketgkimavnysdlknlkmtiidaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsdlgdesitligtdpvkhkaqawkvvqtltgqgsgslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeakisqsvavfdiknldkgfeilpigdwadlgddgarrivqpeynvagdevwfsvwsakdkksalvvvddktrklkavikdpelitptgkfnvfntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH050  coded_by=complement(556045..557526),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH050,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvepgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgnvydeqvyhpeprvaaivsshynpefivnvketgkilfvdytdlknlktveveaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanqrgkiavvdtkedkltalietggqiphpgrganfthpvygpvwasshlgdetvaligtdpegnpdhawkivdtfpalgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdatfnpdaeisaavavfeidklggnpdedpqfvtlpivewagitdgqprvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelktvikdkglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqngpvwmtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkshhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdvanldapytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfrpefvvnvketgqtlmvdysdinnlkvttigterflhdggwdsskryflvaanqrntiavvdakedklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhqdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdprisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfrpefvvnvketgqtlmvdysdinnlkvttigterflhdggwdsskryflvaanqrntiavvdakedklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhqdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdprisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketgkilmvnyadirnlkvttidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtktdelvaliktgvkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvnhpdnawkvvetlegqgggslfikthpnstnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdinnleagytvipvgewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkvgteiwfsvwnarqqesaivviddetrelkqvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpepraasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnldattidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH029  coded_by=complement(312333..313814),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH029,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywrrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Ralstonia_sp._GA3-3  coded_by=complement(31297..32796),organism=Ralstonia sp. GA3-3,definition=C-type cytochrome (NirN)
mktvlrwlvglafacatqaamaadpaalysqhcaachgadrlgamgpallpeslerlraseldqvlhagraatqmpafagtlaepdlqalarwlrtapaatpqwnaqairashivhhapgslparplfgadpqnlfvvveagshhmtvldgdrlapvhrfatrfalhggpkfsrdgryvylasrdgwvskydlwnlayvaeirvgvntrniavsddgrwvlagntlprtlvllnaedlslarvidvkgrndeasrvsavydaaprhsfiaalkdiaevweipyadaagaplpalaprvvvlddvlddfffdqpyrhilgasrkgggqvidlqqgrkvaalslggmphlgsgitwqrdgrevmaspdlgqgritvidmqdwhtvstiptngpgfflrshentpyawadammsprrdtlqvidkqslrvvgsvtpsaertaahveftrdgryalvslmerdgaivvydaatlqevrrlpmdkpigkynvfnkttrsagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimeadtlkpmqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrertlvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnpeagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgadlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpdsqnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqegaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkgletlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwdgkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarylhdggwdsthryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganvadpkygptwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpeghkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrhlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsiavfdvdnldagykvlpiadwaqlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddrtlklkkvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrdanfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdaklsqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpvghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqvgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Leptothrix_cholodnii_SP-6  coded_by=1530590..1532167,organism=Leptothrix cholodnii SP-6,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mklprlpnlfalacvallgglgtpslavdasalfdqhcaachgaqrtgsmgpallpeslerlrpaeakkvitqgrtatqmpafgatlsaeqidalagwiyrpvspsptwaeadirasrvetpdaqglpnkpvwradpmnlfvvveggdhhvslldgdrfevihrfasryalhggpkftpdgrfvffgsrdgwitkydlwnltvvaevraglnmrnvavsgdgrwvmaanylprklalfdadlnlvksfdastldgksasrvsavydaaprrsfvvamkdipevweisydpkaepihdgyvhdykmgeaiakpgyqgvrrtlldeplddfffdqsyrhvlgatraksdgtptaqvvnldirqkiaelpiagmphlgsgitfawggttvlaspnlkggaidvidmktwkpvktiptpgpgffmrshensryawtdsmmsptardtltlidkttlapvasvrepgktlahieftkdgryalasvweldgalvvfdavtfkevkrlpmskpvgkynvwnkisrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstsgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgqilmvdyediknlkvttieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvaivdtkegrlvdviesggatphpgrganivhptfgpvwvtshlgdevvsligtdpkghpdqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpkskhlyidtplnpeaeiassiavfnvddltkeepeykvlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgefnqagdeiwfsvwnsasqesaivvvddktltkkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DSM_50071  coded_by=complement(561107..562588),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DSM 50071,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhyvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=134105..135586,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhyvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(560616..562097),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhyvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=2..>851,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
mkgdtleplkiqatrgmavdtqefhpepcvasivavhdkpqfivnvketgkillvdygdinalkvteigaarflhdggldsshryfmvaanqsnkiavvdtkegklaglvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpekhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthptsknvyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavynvddldkpyqvlpiaewaglkddsakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaedkesaivvvddktlklktvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerelealidvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpdghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkehesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaarflhdggwgrskryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalvdvtktphpgrganiedpeygpvwitsalgnanvsflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnsanlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavydindleagfvtlpigawadlgegperivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdaqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivniketgrillvnysdienlsvttidaarylhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavvdskkrklvtlvdvesiphpgrganfthpefgpvwatsalgndnitmigtdpkghpdhawkavkvisgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpeekisqsiavfnidnldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpefnkqgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgervitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdisdleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlepkkivstrgltvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshekpefivnvketgkvllvdysdiqnlkittidaapflhdggwekthryflsaannsdkiavidskegklvnlvevgstphpgrganftdpeygdvwatshlgddtvslistsgpdawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpasrnlwvdtplnpddaisqsvavfdldhldqgferppiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktrqlkqvirderlvtptgkfn
>Thauera_sp._MZ1T  coded_by=complement(2822452..2824134),organism=Thauera sp. MZ1T,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mqkkgligsafamgvlslamssawaqeapkltaeemekgkqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktapdgtkleggtlklgterlekiisygteggmvnyddiltkeeinlmaryiqntppippefslkdmkdswkllvpvkdrptkqmnkvnlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthkiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmfyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepmkivstrgntvdgdyhpeprvasivasmtkpewvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlksiaiesakflhdggwdmskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykehnwkvveqlkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfdmndlskapvalnvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvyntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
afwppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdakdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpeygsvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmavdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvdnktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqctimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpevrvaaivasheypefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvrngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrgaslddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwggkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplriqstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivavhdkpqfivnvketgkimlvdytdlknlrtieigasrflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnqvavvdskrdaleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhkkeawkvvqtlkaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpkvnqsvavfdiknldkpyevlpiadwaqvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdnalhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynrkgdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvvvddktrelkkvikgsevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdflinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgetleplkiistrgntvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysdltnlsvttidaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanksntiavidsknrkleklvevgeiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdasismigtdpakhpeyawkvagklegagggslfikthphsrnlwvdtplnpdaessqsiavsdldhldkgfqvlpiakwadlgsegvqrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngakeksaivvaddktrklktvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpelrvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvnhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddksrelkavikgpeivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_ATCC_17588_=_LMG_11199  coded_by=complement(3768497..3770290),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri ATCC 17588 = LMG 11199,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mhqqqldlpyrrhlsrkriprfqrrnsmkkpllagfvagfsllalgiaqaqnnpedkaeaaykgqasavdpasaqvvhspgapdltsaefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmkemknswnvlvkpedrpkkqmnklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwgkepvkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvmlvnyedinnltttmigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdakisqsaavfdisnleggykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngqeeesaivvvddktlelktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdlnnlkitsinaarflhdggfdssgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkdqawrvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplnpeakvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigdwagikddgarrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqftimngatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpepraaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwditkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdsrdqkltalvdvdktphpgrganfmdpqngpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdsplnpdakisqsvavfdttnldapykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvviddrtlqlkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfnvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvtvketgqillvnykdlknlsvtsisaerflhdggfdksgryflvaanarhrvaivdtkdeklvgvidskgqtphpgrganflhpkfgpvwatshlgnetisfigtdpqknkqhawkvvqtvdgqgggslfikthpksenlyidtplntdaeisssvavfkikdlskekpeykvlpigqwsgisegarrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktlmlksvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfnvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvtvketgqillvnykdlknlsvtsisaerflhdggfdksgryflvaanarhrvaivdtkdeklvgvidskgqtphpgrganflhpkfgpvwatshlgnetisfigtdpqknkqhawkvvqtvdgqgggslfikthpksenlyidtplntdaeisssvavfkikdlskekpeykvlpigqwsgisegarrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktlmlksvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_PD30  coded_by=complement(250760..252253),organism=Pseudomonas mandelii PD30,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrrivlahllwisaaqagaavpalehaaqnyqqhcqrchganrfggagpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmagyatvfspaqidalvdylqqppatpptwsnddilgshsmladlsklpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnvvvldardlslvktiptigqdgtasrvsavysapprnsfivalkdvkevwelswagtpnfeprripagdvlddfsfspdykqllatsrkaqggqvidldsgkvitdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawsdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsntlkeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvdysdidnlsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelvalvdvdkiphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpesknlwvdsplnpeesisqsvavfdvenleagfevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Pseudogulbenkiania_ferrooxidans_2002  coded_by=complement(496064..497785),organism=Pseudogulbenkiania ferrooxidans 2002,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mstprmsvlvkravmaalplavtaafaappgasapelayqaggsplageemhqninpkappmtkaefaqarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditlergteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgelsdaqvdlmaryvqqepptppeysladiektrkvlipvdkrptkkmnkynldnlfsvtlrdsgeialidgdskqiisiiktgyavhisrvsasgrylyvigrdakinlidlwmehpetvaeikvglearsvetskfkgwedkiavagtywppqyvimdgdtlkpqkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivsshykpefvinaketgkimmvnysdlnnlktttinaakflhdggfdrtgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaglvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigsdpvkhkqyawkmvasiqgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpdsavsqsvavydidhldkgfvrlpvgewaglgdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktrklkavikdprlvtptgkfnvfntqhdiy
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatpeplkimatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgkilmvnyediknlktteigaarflhdggfdaskryflvaanasdkvavidtkedklvalidtgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpekhpkeawkvvqtlqgqgggslfikthpkskyiyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdinaldkppqilpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkagdevwfsvwnaknqesalvivddktlklkqvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqagynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqksaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprdaaivashenpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrelealvdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtmlgtdpegnpdnawkvvrilegqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdsplnpdeavaqsvavynvddldagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvniketgmirlvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaantsnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgadvitligtdpvkhkqyawkvvaelknhgggslfvkthpksnnlwadtplnpekelaesvtvydlknldkgpeviniakladlpeskaikrvvhgeynaagdeiwfsiwagktepsaivvmddktrkmkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpsstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddrtrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdkawqtvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpsstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddrtrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavldlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkiastrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlkvttigaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkeqklealiktdgvkphpgrganfvhpiygpvwatshlgdeiitmigtdpknhpqyawkivgelygqgggslfvkthpnsrhlyvdtplnpeaemsssvavfdldnldadytvlpigewsgisegvrrvvhpeynkagtevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddatlrlktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnysdienlsvttinaarflhdggwdsshryfltaanqsnkvaivdsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganivdpklgpmwvtsalgnekitaigtdpdkhpdqawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavfdvnnldagyqvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkkvikspriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgltleplarndlpmqdingedlpevcvaaiaashhdpvwamglkesgyvgivdysqdgfplvksiatekflhdggwdstgryfliaanasnkmvavdmetqtlaasfatggtphpgrganwydptygwvnatphigepkvsiygadpagrpdvawqvvrevtlpaagslfikthpnspwvlfdmtlsadhdrqvcayskadgrldrcfdvaedgkavhfefnqdgsevwvsdwategqvvvldgitllerkritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgatleplkavstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrittigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsdkiafvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthprskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsiavfdidnleggykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnkdgdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklksviddkriitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasrehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkehesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>Pseudovibrio_sp._FO-BEG1  coded_by=complement(937383..939002),organism=Pseudovibrio sp. FO-BEG1,definition=Nitrite reductase
mllgsaaapafaegptlseeaferskqlyfeqcagchgvlrkgatgknlephwkktgkdgtvteggtlqlgqerlekiiawgteggmnnfseilteqeikdmatyimldppkppemsltqmkqtrkvyveekdyptkpmhgrnwenffvvierdagkvavidgdtkevlvhiptgyavhvikasehhkleepeqpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqtpdkmlvsevtvaydardvaisgdgkyviggaywpphfaivdavtmeplkvvstrgyntdgdyveesrvaaiyttpneptwlvavkelgqmwqvdytdidnlriekidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtkdrkleamidvaalphpgpganwndpkcgpvagtthlgvgtvsvwgndpagrpdeawkkcyevetdgpglfirthpnskyvwadqtkhpdpeiqqavqvisketgeivktititetegnaavhfefnadgtevwvsnwnmgdslepngeivvfdaetleektrikglyaptgkfnvyirsnhvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnrlaiidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganivdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnnpdhawkvvreiagqgggslfvkahpnsnnlwvdtplnpdtamsqsiavfdvndldagfdvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnrlaiidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganivdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnnpdhawkvvreiagqgggslfvkahpnsnnlwvdtplnpdtamsqsiavfdvndldagfdvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdatkryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakfkqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwsmsdlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktgqsaivvyddetlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>927,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgasleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgrillvnysdienlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdaiavvdskerklaamvdvdkiphpgrganlkhpdygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpkrneehawkvvsvvrgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdidkldecpdwkpdaelaegesnscyevlpiaecaelgpgpkrvvhpeysedgrevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrklkkvikgvsasvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqtlaalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkiaqsvavfdianldagykvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlqlksvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqtlaalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpdpkiaqsvavfdianldagykvlpiadwanlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlqlksvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepqtivstrgmtadtneyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkvllvnyqdvdnlsvttiptarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkvvvidskdrkmtamidvdkiphpgrganfvhakygpvwgtsalgndkitligtdptghpenawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtslnpaekisqsvavfdtndldkgykvlpiadwadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalviiddktlklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplklvstrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivssqikpewviniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaivdtkegklaalvdtqkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvitligtdpeknkqhawkvveelkthgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapqnpekdiaesiavydltdltkkpevinvaqlsglpeskatkravhpeyneagdevwvslwagktepsaivvfddktrklkhvikdpkmitptgkfn
>Levilinea_saccharolytica  coded_by=4620..6194,organism=Levilinea saccharolytica,definition=hypothetical protein
mkslwkpvlfasalflvvflaacaaqtpapeptgaaqaqaegvalvkgkqvqeyyldscsgchapdrrgatgpallpgrltekdayyfdvikegkpgtimppwktqlsdaeitslvafirseaaasasewtekdiwgsltvitaedklpsepvkpmnldnlmlvterenqgiavingdthellgtipasyrahgysfhptqerwaynmgrdgwvfkidlyslkpvrkirigldaralaisddgkyliagnympaslvilnadtlelvmyysthttdnegkeidsrvatimdtapdlvgpyflvalkeagqvwridwskpdfplvklekvghilhdgflsldnrtfylaaqtdnwmaaidvdsmkliknietgviphpgsgaaweadghsyaatthagegkvtiwdtdtneiaaavetsgaglflrvqenspyvwadsvfskepnkitviektapfqvvkvisegkrtlhpeftadgkfvyiadwdgdivrvynaetfekvaeitgihtptgifnshrraetigh
>Sulfuritalea_hydrogenivorans_sk43H  coded_by=complement(2680562..2682238),organism=Sulfuritalea hydrogenivorans sk43H,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
mkktllgffavsamagamgsafaqeaaptmtaaeketakkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktakdgskteggtlklgqsrlekiigygtdggmvnfddiltkdeitlmskyiqntpdvppeysfketmdswkvivpvkdrptkqmnkfnlknmfsvtlrdtgevalidgdtkdirsivktgyavhisrlsksgryvyvigrdgrlslidlwmekpavvaelkigfdarsvdtskfkgyddkyaiagsywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakfkefnwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkelaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpvtkatrravhpeysadggevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdsltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtkiphpgpganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpnganawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdsplnpdeaiaqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavidtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhprfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngktqesaivviddmtrmlkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkivstrgqthdgeyhpeprvasivatpnkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdvknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtklgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqelknhgggslfvkthpkstnlwadaplnperelaesvtvydiknldkgpeviniakmanlpeskaikrtvhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsavvilddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttidaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgggpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvaddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrerdlealvdvekiphpgrdaniidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrilqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdindleagyerlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgsslkplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfapeflvnvketgkvlavnysdlknlkvtiidaerflhdggfdstgryfltaanardtvavidtktsklvklvktgskphpgrganfihpksgpvwatshlgddtialigtdpvkhpqhawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpnsnnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdlndlskpyktipvgqlsgitegvrrivqgeynkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivviddktrkvekvikdsrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgatlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnaketgkimivnyqdlknlktttldaakflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkddklaalidvgttphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatshlgddtvsligtdpvkhkaqawkvvetikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplnpdakvsqsvavydidhldkgfvtlpiaewagvsdgakrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivivddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._FH4  coded_by=158025..159707,organism=Pseudomonas sp. FH4,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mltrnktpfvltlarlscalalalstqafaaapapatamvkspgapdlsqaefdaskqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkaqitsmatfiqhtaptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlntlnlenlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpaeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkyaiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltittidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpqygpvwatshlgdggisvigtdpvkhpqyawkqveslngqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdtklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaqwsgikqgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqeeesalvvvddktlklknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqfdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvniketgmirlvdysdiknlkettiesvkflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpkeawkvvaelknhgggslfvkthpksknlwadaplnpdkdvaesvtvydiknldkapeiiniakladlpegkavkrtvhaeynaagdevwfsiwagktepsaivvmddktrklkhvindpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkphkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlkvttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtkkiphpgrganfvhpqygpvwatghlgdavvmligtpsdkpqnakykgnawkvvqevkhigagnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnpereiaesvavwdmgdlskpkkvinvakdsglpatkairravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewanlgegprkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewanlgegprkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewanlgegprkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewanlgegprkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvatigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgitvdgeyhpeprvasivasmqkpewvinlketgliqlvdysdlknlktvtiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaalvntkakphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpqkhpknawkvvaelknhgggslfvkthpksrnlwadaplnpepevaesvtvydidnldkppqviniakmaglpvgksvkravhaeynakgdevwfsiwngkteqsaivvlddktrklkavikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimqgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasivashrkpefvvnvketgkilvvnyadinalktteigaarflhdggwdstkrfflvaanqsnkiavvdtkegklaalidvghiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdesvsligtapgdkkygkyawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfeinnlgkgyaalpiaewadlgegakrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwsaknqqsavvvvddktrklkavikdphlitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashekpefivniketgkilmvnysdidnlqvttidaarylhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdsklealievgeiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwatshlgdesivligtdpdkhkdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdtknsqtvavfdlknldktykvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwsgkkeesalvivddktlklkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>Azoarcus_sp._CIB  coded_by=4027255..4028985,organism=Azoarcus sp. CIB,definition=nitrite reductase
msmksnwitgaflvaslplaisqafaqdtdkhvgdteakyhaggspiadvdlykdtnpeapkmskaefdkarniyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlprgteylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgeltddevdlmaryiqqtaptppefgmpemkntwkvivppaqrptkkmnnynisnifsttlrdsgevalidgdtkkiinivktgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdarvnmidlwmekpdnvaeiriglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagaywppqfvimngdtleplkivstrgltvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgktlmvdysdltnlkmteigsarflhdggwdlskryfmvaanqsnkiaaidakegklagmvevgkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdetialvgtdpkghkqyawklvenlksqgggslfikthpksnhlyvdnplhpeakvsqsvavydlknlqagykvlpigewaglkddgakrvvqpeynkdgnevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktlqlktvikdpklitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlldpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpqnawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>Thermus_sp._NMX2.A1  coded_by=complement(<1..1561),organism=Thermus sp. NMX2.A1,definition=nitrite reductase
malaqapaplspaekeeaakiyfdrcagchgvlrkgatgpaldpkkmaekgveylkavifgglpggmpdwgrqgilkekdielvarflleqppappvptfeeikktwkvhvppekrptkplhnrnwqnffgqvlrdtgqvaiidgdkkelvsivptgfathilrssatgryfmaigrdgkaslidlwmnppqvvaeskpcldarsiesskfkgyedkyavvgcywpptmvvldgltleplkmvstisyakgagelvmearvaaivashfnpewivnlkesgqtwlvdysnlhkkgrplpitmidtnlflhdggwalkryfivaanalnklividtktrefaaeveagvrphpgrgsnwehptygpvwatgnigspevtvvgvdpekhpqyawkvvkritlpytgnlfikthpnspwvivdfpmspspqaaaslcaidkrklevakcwevpgaqelkarmvhpefnkggteiwvsawgskdtptfivvydaltlkekaritgdwvrtptgkfnvyntaydi
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpqwivnvketgqillvdyqdidnlktttigtarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqpnkivvidskdekltamidvdkiphpgrganftdreygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvghkvnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynsagdevwfsvwngknqksaivvvddktmklkkviddariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsiygadpigrpdvawtvvrevtlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgaivvldgttlneinritdlvtptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>819,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsiygadpigrpdvawtvvrevtlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgaivvldgttlneinritdlvtptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedidnmklteigaarflhdggwdashryfmaaanasnkiavidskeqklaalvdvgaiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatgdlgdqgialigtdperhqanawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksgnlyvdttlnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnldqgyqvlpiaewaglgdgpklvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqqsalvvvddktrklkavvkdkrlvtp
>Magnetospirillum_magneticum_AMB-1  coded_by=1531549..1533186,organism=Magnetospirillum magneticum AMB-1,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
msifdlssralrgisarsavrvllrrarmgsllpmvvgmtilatptlaaedaprlyaehcaachggdrlgaigpallpenlgrlrkaeaekviaqgrpatqmpahgdklnaeqikalaeyvytplaavpawgmaeikasrvinvdpaslpakpqwntdplnlftvvetgdhhvtildgesfkpltrfqsrfalhggakyspdgrfvylasrdgwitkydlytlqivaeiragvntrnvavshdgrflmvgnmlphtlvaldardltplqvipvvgdagatsrvsavytapprasfvvalkdlpevweipyaddagpvmngfvhsyekgheegispggrfqairiripdflddfffdrtyeramgasrdgtkglvvdldikrkiaeidlpgmphlgsgiifakdghdymatphlkeavvsiidmqtwktvkriptlgpgffmrshentgyawidvsmgkekdaiqiidlsameivrtlrpapgrttahaefdrsgkhvlisvmeaegelivfdaesfevvtrmpmkrpvgkynvfnkinyssgtsh
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvlddktlevkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvlddktlevkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvlddktlevkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvlddktlevkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkaviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeydkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkaviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeydkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvenlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdsredkltalidvtsiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagiegegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_DSM_4166  coded_by=3885313..3886821,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri DSM 4166,definition=c-type cytochrome
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldmasaatpddsqalyelhcqachgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlndaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashriltdvatlpttpqhgadprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnltmlaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldngqavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrngkwvfatpnvskglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfddprygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekfsqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpehnkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>841,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
rpwppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdvpmvdldgvtmlpevrvasivashtdpvwvialkesgyvgivdysdpagldfplvktistaralhdggfdhtgnyflvaanannkmvvvdlqsqslaafidtgliphpgrgvnwedpvygwvnatahikqgkvtvygadpagrpdvawqvvreivlpsagslfikshpsspwvlvdmtksstgyekdicaiskatgeldhcfaaatngpavhmefnmagsevwvsdwapegavvvldsttleeirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklrhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvtsidaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskedklvalvdadkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstsalgnenitligtdpeghadsawkavevlkgqgggslfikthpestnlwvdtplnpdegisqsvavfdindldagfevvpiaewadigegpmrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwngveqpsalvivddktrelkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdgnpdnawkvvrilegqgggslfvksrpnsknlwvdsplnpdeavsqsvavynvddldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkyvikgeelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyediknlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdsgwdatkryfltaanqsnrlavidskerklvalpevtkvphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnnpdhawqvvremagqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpdagmsqsiavfdvndldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpgiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmnadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganpmdpkygpvwvtsalgnanitaqgtdpeghlghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavydtgnldagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddqtrklkkvikgpelvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimngetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvdysdidalrtttigaarflhdggwdlskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdqnlealidvrkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwvtsalgndnitligtdpqshpehawkvvrvlagqgggslfvkthpasrhlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfditdldagyqvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvhpeynaqgdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddetlklkaviddprivtptgkfneg
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitdgdtlkplkvvstrgitvdgeyhpeprvasivssqikpewvvnikeagmiqlvdysdiknlkittiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanaahkiavvdtkesklaalidtkkiphpgrganfthptfgpvwatghlgdaavtligtdpeknkqhawkvvqelkmpgsgnlfvkthpksthlwadvpqnperdlaesvfvfdlkdptkapvqlnvakdsglpetkairravhpeyneagdevwislwggktdssaiviyddktlklksvikdpkmvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggrdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkqvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>Thermus_oshimai_JL-2  coded_by=complement(1022819..1024462),organism=Thermus oshimai JL-2,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
msywdifilvlggkamrrlglalgflllagalaqglspgekeqaaqiyfdrcagchgvlrkgatgpaldpkkmaergleylkavifgglpggmpdwgrqgilseketelmarflleeppappiptyeeirrtwkvyvppekrptkpehtrnwqnffgqvlrdtgqvaiidgdkkelvtivptgfathilrssatgryfmaigrdgkaslidlwmnpprvvaeskpcvdarsiesskfkgyedkyavvgcywpptmvildgltleplkmvstmsytkgagefvqearvaaivasqfnpewivnlkesgqtwlvdysklnqkgrplpitmidterflhdggwalkryfivaanavnklividtktrefvaeveagvrphpgrgsnwthptygpvwatgnigspevtvvgvdpekhpqhawkvikriqlpytgnlfikthpnspwvivdfpmspspeaaaslcaidkrklevakcwevpgaqdlkarmvhpefnkggteiwvsawgskdtptfivvydaltlkekaritgdwvrtptgkfnvyntaydiy
>Alicycliphilus_denitrificans_K601  coded_by=complement(2452591..2454315),organism=Alicycliphilus denitrificans K601,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mtakriarlvalaaatlvsatamaqgskpvseaeknyqagssplvnepmyqsmnpkappmtqaefdlarkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlakgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwltsgemdekqvdlmaryiqqdpptppewsladakntwkviippekrptkkmnkynidnlfsttlrdtgevalidgdtkeiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeirvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqftimdgntleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnvketgktmmvdysnlnalkmteigsapflhdggwdsskryfmvaannsnkvaaidakdgklagltevgkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkknkqyafkevakltgpgggalfikthpksknlwsdaplnpdpkvsqavvvfdinnldkgyktlpiaewadlpndggakrvtqpeynkagdevwfavwsakdkasalvvvddktlklkkvikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>Alicycliphilus_denitrificans_BC  coded_by=complement(2209640..2211364),organism=Alicycliphilus denitrificans BC,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mtakriarlvalaaatlvsatamaqgskpvseaeknyqagssplvnepmyqsmnpkappmtqaefdlarkiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlakgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwltsgemdekqvdlmaryiqqdpptppewsladakntwkviippekrptkkmnkynidnlfsttlrdtgevalidgdtkeiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeirvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqftimdgntleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnvketgktmmvdysnlnalkmteigsapflhdggwdsskryfmvaannsnkvaaidakdgklagltevgkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkknkqyafkevakltgpgggalfikthpksknlwsdaplnpdpkvsqavvvfdinnldkgyktlpiaewadlpndggakrvtqpeynkagdevwfavwsakdkasalvvvddktlklkkvikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewanlgegprkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewanlgegprkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvdysdidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskdkelealihvekiphpgrganlkdpkygavwvtsalgddtvaaigtdpekhkdhawkvvhslkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdvenldkgyevvdiaamaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivilddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvdysdidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskdkelealihvekiphpgrganlkdpkygavwvtsalgddtvaaigtdpekhkdhawkvvhslkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdvenldkgyevvdiaamaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivilddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
hwppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfne
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlkattiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfshpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddkknakfkefnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpksknlwadspqnpdkelaesvavwdmadlskpkkiinvakdsglpvtkatrravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlamkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>843,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvfdgqtlepladvvstsmnavdgdqefieenrvaaivashhdpvwvvnlkesghvaivdysdptfpmtatigtarylhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkmvvvdiegqeleeifetgaiphpgrganwedptygwvnatthigegkmtvygadpvnnpneawqivrevevevgglfvkthnnspwvwvdsplnsdeektrqicvyekatgtmntcmtpvtqgrtvhfeynadgtqvwvsgwdaqgtlviyddatlteagrvegdwlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdsqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpenhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdttlnpdpkinqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
igppqiaimdgetlepkqivptrsmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvaaidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyvwkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkngssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitpfgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
llaaavvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdftvnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgrillvnysdidnlgvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavidskerklaamvdvekiphpgrganfvhpdygpvwvtsalgddsitligtdpekhpqnawkalevlkgqgggslfvkthpnsrnlwvdsplnpdegisqsvavfnidnlaagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgerivtptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevlfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevpkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvsfistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaeavfvfdkadlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlkvkkvitdpaivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvilngdtlepmkvvgtrgytydtneykdetrvasivsshnapewvlnlketgvvllvdyskmeddvvietkinaerflhdggwdstkryflvaanardtisvidtvdrklvanivtgtkphpgrganwvdpefgnvwatvhlgeglvsiistdpkkdyawsvvreweldgnslfikthpestnvycdntinqnksnvltvfdinkpeaapkeivfkkkvvhmeynkagdevwvslwdpegevvilddktlkekarikgldsptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlepltvvstrgmtvdtreyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnltvttipaarflhdggwdrthryfmtaanksdkiavvdskerkltalidvdkiphpgrganfdhpkygpvwatsalgnakvtligtdpegnpqhawkvvevlkgqgggslflkthpkskhlyvdtplnpaenisqtiavfdidnldkgykvlpiaewaelgagpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvivddktlklktvikheklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>898,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvdyedldnltvtdiaterflhdggldatgryfivaanarhrlavidtqdgqlealieskgltphpgrganfehpeygpvwatshlgdetisltgtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpepkiassvavfeiddldeeedeieyevlpigewsgieegqrrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnakdepsaivivddetlelkhvirgdeivtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefigniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatnpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqpvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrklealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimegdtlepkkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdienlsvttiaaarflhdggwdlskrcfltaanksdkiavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpdrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndkitmlgtdpdghpdqawkvvkvmsgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpetpisqsvavfsindldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikgeriitptgkfn
>Dechloromonas_aromatica_RCB  coded_by=complement(3572257..3573987),organism=Dechloromonas aromatica RCB,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
misrkfkrsglaalpllamlvqfafagtpsehgdgamrdyqaaggspladvkmhqdinplapkmsetefdkakriffercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlgkgleylkvfikygsaggmpnwgtsgiltddevdlmaryiqqtppappefglkdmeaswkvivpvdqrpkrkmnninlenmfsvtlrdageialidgdskkiisilntgyavhisrmsasgrymfvigrdakinlidlwmekpdtvaeikvgmearsvesskakgfedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivatrgmtvgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlnnlkikmieaapflhdggfesthryfmdaanasnkiavidtkegkleklvpvgktphpgrganfidpkfgpvwatghlgdesitligtdpkkhpdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpeagisqsvavwdinnlekgselipigewsgikdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdpklvtptgkfnvfntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdisnldagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdisnldagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhqdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiadwanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkgrdrrqrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqrvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqrltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadhawrvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpktsqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>Caenispirillum_salinarum_AK4  coded_by=complement(137528..139273),organism=Caenispirillum salinarum AK4,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
msyptmtrilsgsvaavalmalssgawaaekqehvpdrakeggttqqyepqmeniptepeqpqlevtelspeefatgkkiffercagchgvlrkgatgpnleterthelgfehlqafitygspagmpnwgtsgeltqeevdlmanyllheppappewgmdkmketwevfvepenrvtepkndlpldnlfsvtlrdageialingntheiekiiptgyavhisrmsasgryvfvigrdaridmidlwpeeptkvatlkigmearsvetskmkgwedklaiagaywppqyvimdgqtlepkkivstrgmlydeqtfhpeprvasilsshynpefivnvketgkvllvdytnldalktteidaerflhdggldssgryflvaanardkvaiidtkerklvnivetgikphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdptiamigtdpeghpdkafkvvdvidgqgggslfikthpessnlwvdtplnsmeemyqsvavfdinnldagfevlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktrtlkkvikdprlitptgkfntyntqndvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgmtleplknvstrgvtvdgdyhqeprvasivasttkpeflvsvketgmvkmvdysdltnlrettintakflhdggydatkryflvaanasnkvavvdvkegkftalvdtakiphpgrganiehpkygpvwatshlgadvitligtdpekhpqhawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpksdnlwadsplnpdsklagsvtvyrvselgnpnpqpevidiaaaanlgktkgiqrvvqgeynqngdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivviddktrkvktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsaavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimkgdsleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnykdinnlkitsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakenelvkliavgriphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdrkkhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdirdldkpykvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynragnevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvdhpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqgvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsredkltalidvtkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgqeyhpeprvasivasfikpewviniketgqillvdysdienlktttvgsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsednkeynwkvvqemkqpfagnlfvkthpkskhfwavapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsgldqgrqravhpeysavgkevwislwggktvqsavvvyvdatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyapefvvniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkknkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpdsknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdtnnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvgngkeqdsaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=68753..70234,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpqslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqpyplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Thauera_sp._63  coded_by=193071..194798,organism=Thauera sp. 63,definition=cytochrome c, class I:cytochrome d1, heme region
mksaalkqfgvlavstlalacqvafaeapaghgdaamkeyqaggspmadvpmhhdinplaprmsepefdkakriffercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditlekgleylkvfikygspggmpnwgtsgvlsddevdlmaryiqqtppappeyglkemeaswkvvvpvekrptkkmndlnlenlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivsvletgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinlidlwmekpdtvaeikvglearsvesskakgwedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlqprkivstrgmvtgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlenlsirmieaapflhdggfesthryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegkleklvdvgkvphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdphqhpdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthptsknlwadttlnpdekisqsvavwdidnidkgyelipigewsgvkagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngadqesaivvvddrtrklkavirdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdggtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssfikpewvvniketgqiqlvdysdienlktttissakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdekknaqykqnnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvavwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlnvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpngnpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpngnpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpngnpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsvlgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepmkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivniketgrillvnysdidnlsvttidaarflhdggwdltkryfltaanksdkvvvvdskerklaavvdvdkiphpgrganfshpeygpvwvtsalgnekitliatdpeghpehawkvvkvlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvnnldagyevlpiaawaelgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpqiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivathgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsawngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnfediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkdnklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpenhpnnawkmvqslegqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtplnpeselassvavfnikdlgkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudogulbenkiania_ferrooxidans_2002  coded_by=complement(485555..487096),organism=Pseudogulbenkiania ferrooxidans 2002,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mkallslallatlgslqlasanpaalyqqhcqschgdnrmgamapallpqslerlkpaeildtirhgrsatqmpafaerladadiqalagylktapeqparwseadtaasrvvyadparlpakpvhradpqnlfvvveagdhhvsvldgdtlspiarfqsrfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvtqydlytlqnvaeirvglntrnvavssdgrwvlagntlpetlvlldanglkpvktlavqdaagktsrvsavydaaprhsfivalkdvpelweisydpkaarvypghvhdykmgealsvdgflnprvtpldlvlddfffdpayrhvigasregraqvinldirrkvaelpldgmphlgsgiafeegghrymatpnlssgrvtvidldswqrvkdiptlgpgfflrshentpyawvdammgakkdtlaiidkrtlevvktvtprpgkttahveftrdgryalvsvmenpgellvldaatfrevkslpmakpigkynvfnkvtrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedvknlkvttieaarflhdggwdrslryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqklaalvdvktiphpgrganiddpkygpvwltsalgdanitflgtdpeghadnawkavrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksrnlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdvknleagykvlpiaewaklgpgakrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgmkeesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=26598..28307,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrite reductase
mskpllagfiagfsmlglavaqaaanpetaeaaykgqasavdpasaqvvhspgapdltsaefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmkemknswnvlvkpedrpkkqmnklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwgkepvkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnyedinnltttmigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdakisqsaavfdisnleggykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngqeeesaivvvddktlelktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens  coded_by=1855..3534,organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens,definition=cd1 nitrite reductase
mlishkktwalrvtalctalvapyafadqpttpesprvvktegapdlsqadfdsakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvetrdrptkqlnnlnlqnlfsvtlrdggkialiggdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytvagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvkhpqyawkqvaslqgqgggslfikthpasrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvknvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganledpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpvnhpdnawqtvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpsstnlwvvaplnpdesisqavavfdvnnidagfvklpiaawaelgdgpkrvvqgeynksgdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddrtrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheypefivnvketghillvdysdiesltitdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrerklvalvdvtktphpgrganiidpefgpvwvtsalgnsnltflgtdpeghpenawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshptssnlwvdaplnpdeafsqsiavfdidnldagfvtlpigewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrildgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgdyhpeprvasivasmqkpewvvnvketgqillvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasskvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatghlgddvvslistasdeakyakykannwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnperelaesvfvfdrndlskapvridvakdsglpegkairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkst
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkptnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA042  coded_by=complement(570191..571672),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA042,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapphepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
yvimdgdtqepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawevvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkarvdlpmtdingatllenrvaviaashaeptwnialkesgyvgvvdhsqagfplvaqiatekflhdggrdstgryfllaanasnkmvvvdtatrslaatiptgttphpgrganwldpvygwvnatthisegkmtvygadpvnhpeyawqivrqialpsagslflkthpnspwvlmdmtlssdgisdkqicaysianaaidrcftvaqtgrathlefnqdgsqvwvsdwatdgavvildtltlteigrltglvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpdfgpvwvtsalgndkitfigtdpaghpknawkvvrvlygqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdvdnlaagyevmpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Sedimenticola_sp._SIP-G1  coded_by=1967320..1968912,organism=Sedimenticola sp. SIP-G1,definition=nitrite reductase
mavglaasgvavnvtaaeptlseadfeqaktiyfqrcagchgtlrkgatgknlepentkklgqerlekiiqygteggmnnfddilsqeeiklmatyiqleppippemslalmkerhkvfvepkdyptkplhgrnwenfflvierdvgkiavidgdkkevvahiptgyavhvlkavehhegmhvdnpgrfwyvmgrdgmmtkvdlwqtpekmkvaqtqvaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfvildgmtmeplkvvsargvnidgeyvnesrvaavydtpkapswlvsmkelgqmwqvdysdidnltitkmdtakylhdgffdptgryfqiaanasdkmvvvdtetqkleamidvdkkphpgpganwidpkcgpvggtthlgvgkvtawgndpvghkdqawkicyevetdgagvfirthpksdyiwadqtkhpepevqqslqvisketreivktirltevegyaavhiefnddgsevwtsvwnrkdskepngeiiifdaktleekarikglfaptgkfnvynrvnhvt
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlkplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsnkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdqawkavrtlegpgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdaaisqsiavynvndldagfevlpigewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkhiikgddlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>845,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashyrpefvvnaketgkimlvdykdinnlkmttldaakflhdggldstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedkmaaivdvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdesismigtdpikhkaqawkvvdtvkgqgggslfikthpksknlwidthlnldakmsqsiavfdidhldkgftvlpmaewanlgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdpkl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivsshqrpeflvnaketgkifmvdytdldnlaikqldaakylhdggfdstrryfmtaanasnkvavvdtkedklaalievgktphpgrganfkdskygpvwatsglgdesisiigtdpkghkknawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpksnnlwvdttlnpdakvsqsvavfdirdfskkpqiidiaacadlkddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktrtcktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgytlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskerelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpekhkdhawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngkteesalvivddktrkmkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytvmngdtleplqvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttigaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanqsnriaivdskerklvalpevtkiphpgrganivdpeygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdperhaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpvsinlwvdtplnpepaisqtvavydinkleagyevlpiaewaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagsevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgasleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasiaasqykpefivnvketghilmvnyediknltvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkiavvdtktdqlvalidsegakphpgrganlrhskfgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpkghpeqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkshpnsknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdvdnlekgyevlpigewsgitegfrrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvfddqtyhpeprvaaivsshykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarnkiavidtkeskpvallesggatphpgrganlmhptygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdhawkvvqqlealgggslfvkshpnsghlyvdaplnpdaeisasiavfkvadmaqaepeytvlpigewagiaegqprvvqgefnqqgteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdprlitptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_taiwanensis_LMG_19424  coded_by=2225502..2227178,organism=Cupriavidus taiwanensis LMG 19424,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor (Cytochrome cd1)
mkaknwlypaiaalpfslwsglphaatkaepraaqtaeqkaamptltaaefdharqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditrargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgdltdkevdlmaryiqldpptppefsladieksrkdivpvakrptqkmnqynldnlfsvtlrdagevalidgdskqiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylyvigrdarldlidlwlpkpdivaevkigmearsvetskykgyedkyavagsywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashfhpefvinaketgkilmvnysdlanlktttidsakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkiavvdtkedklaalvnvgktphpgrganfthpqfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpaghpaqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdaklnqsvavfdtrnldagfkvlpiaewadlkgsgakrvvqaeynkagdevwfsvwgtkdgesalvvvddktrtlktvikdkrlvtptgkfnayntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvlmdgptlepqkivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivsshqhpefivnvketgkvllvdysdmdalaittleasqflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkivaqvdaskiphpgrganimdpeygpvwitsalgnenmtfigtdpkknpqhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdntlaptadvyqsiavydinnleggyevlpiakwadvgegparvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqeqtsaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkenklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhkkyawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaelassvavfdindldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkehesaivvvddktrkpkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlkdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpqssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddrtrklkaviqdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlepmkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivgshdkpefvvnveetgkillvdytdinalktteieaarylhdggwdkskryfmvaannsnkiaavdvkegklaglidvgaiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdtalnpdeaisqsiavydienldkgfevlpiaewsgvgegakrvlqpeyntagdevwfsiwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkhvikhpkpitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PADK2_CF510  coded_by=complement(212456..213937),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PADK2_CF510,definition=cytochrome C
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_RP73  coded_by=complement(563045..564526),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa RP73,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DK2  coded_by=complement(563218..564699),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DK2,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA010  coded_by=141011..142492,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA010,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL10  coded_by=complement(213..1694),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL10,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA016  coded_by=208710..210191,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA016,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqtpprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Sulfurimonas_denitrificans_DSM_1251  coded_by=2066434..2068074,organism=Sulfurimonas denitrificans DSM 1251,definition=Nitrite reductase NirS
mrlnklvlsvaatavvgsgmlvqaagfdaesvfekecqgchgpnleggvgsdlrpavtakknsyelaetilngkagtampsfkdkiskddadkmvdyiqhfkgrvikqltldtvkaawkplndrmafftkypnavdvkkntdicfvterdaervafvdgtsgkilskhpagfavhvtvtnkrqpryaysisrsglvtmfdlntpgqqkiaevqvgsdsrglavspdgkylmagnyvpggailldamtleplkvyptssvikpngdidssrvagifdtpygpyfafalkdgghvyivdyskptfpivgdipnigdilhdgflnegkeigrylfiasqgsdvvgvvdfktkslvtkiytgpaskphpgqgsswynetlgqqlgatvnmnlgqvtiwddhfdvirqiptgggglfvgtsehtpfiwadnvlggsdvwnqvhlinkqtleldriitvgtsegtvtdpvthkvlykwevptvkddkgaaitprilhaepanhghwtmisewnagrigiyeaktgkfvkyitglttptftysiehrqtipga
>Thermus_thermophilus_JL-18  coded_by=231934..233544,organism=Thermus thermophilus JL-18,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mkriglwfvaallgafalaqasspltpeerarasqiyfdrcagchgvlrkgatgpaldpkkmaergveylkavifgglpggmpdwgrqgilseedtalmarflleepptppipsyeeirktwkvyvppekrpkrpehgrnwenffgqvlrdtgqvaiidgdkkelvtivptgfathilrssatgryflaigrdgkaslidlwmnppqvvaeskpcvdarsiesskfkgfedryavvgcywppamvildgetleplkmvstmsytkgagefvqearvaaivashfnpewivnlkesgqtwlvdysqlskpgrplpvtmidterflhdggwalkryfivaanavnklividtktrefvaeveagvrphpgrgsnwthptygpvwatgnigspevtvvgvdpekhpqyawkvvkkiqlpytgtlfikthpnspwvivdfpmspspqaaaslcaidkrklevtkcwevpgarelkarmvhpefnkggteiwvsawgskdtptfivvydaltlkekaritgdwvrtptgkfnvyntahdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashydplwvmalkesgyvglidysqpgfplvstiaterflhdggwdqsgrylllaanasnkmvavdvasktmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpagrsdvawtvvreitlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqmcaynketatldrcfqvatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavivldgttlnevhritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdkawktvrildgmgggslfvkshpessnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrklkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdkawktvrildgmgggslfvkshpessnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrklkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvetlkgqgggslfvkahpksknlwddtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM60  coded_by=1949..3631,organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM60,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mlisnrktfaltvatlcstlafavshaaranepaatppmvktagapdmsraefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpflealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkeqitamakfvqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlskldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknptvtsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfdhptygpvwatshlgdegisligtdpvkhaqyawkqvasikgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtlgplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdlivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvrgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgrillvdysdienlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdsafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpeeaisqsiavydvnnldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlealnvttleaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealvdvtkiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpkkhpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdntlhpdanvsqsvavydinnfdagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngqeqvsaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanahnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvvmkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfrpefivnvketgktlmvdysnidalkiteigsarflhdggwdstkryfmvaannsnkigvidakagklaalidvgkiphpgrranfvhpkfgpvwstghlgdesvsligtdpvkhkaqafkvvqtlkgqgggslflkshpksahlyvdtplnpdaklsqsvavydikaldkgfkvlpiaewagitadggamrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktlklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimngetleplkivatrgmtvgtqdyhpeprvaaivashfhpefiinvketgqvlmvdysdlknlkitsieaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkvavvdtkeaklealidtgptphpgrganfvhaeygpvwstshlgdetivligtdpenhpqhawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthknssnlwvdtplnpdeetsqsvavfnknnldepyevlpiaawaeiadgprrvvqaeynkagtevwfsvwntkdkpsaivvvddktrklkkvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgetlkpqkiystrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyadpqnlkvtqigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkvavidskdqklaalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpekhaanawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkthptskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdtsrpdaryvvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlalkkvidderivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgrillvdysdlaslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfmsaanasdkiavidskdqklsalipvgkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatsglgdesiaiigtdpaknkqhawkvvqslkgqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdirdldkapqiidiaacakidddgakrvvqpeynekgdevwfsvwsamnkksaivivddktrscktvlddkrlvtptgkfn
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=complement(50734..52695),organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mstisklftllseealvaksfikvdftcdnldhhddahtdfasffsylesfnsneyikntldfnifqefcltkvkeaeqrihdvpecltciwslkmshprkkersghalaaslalllgsvtapafaegptlseeafesskqlyfeqcagchgvlrkgatgknlephwkktaadgkvteggtlklgqerlekiiswgteggmnnfsdimseqeikdmatyimmeapkppemslaqmkqtrkiyieekdyptkplhgrnwenffvvierdvgkvaiidgdtkevlahiptgyavhvikasehhnleepdnpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqtpdkmlvsevkvaydardvaisgdgkyvigggywpphfaivdaktmeplkvvstrgmnvdgdyveesrvaaiyttpneptwlvavkelgqmwqvdysdldnlridkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtkerkleamidtaalphpgpganwndpncgpvagtthlgvgtvtvwgndpesrpddawkvcyevetdgaglfirthpnskyvwadqtkhpepeiqqsvqvisketgeivktiqitedegsaavhfefnqdgtevwvskwnlsdskepngeivifdaetleektrikglyaptgkfnvynrsnhvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvteigaarflhdggwdstlryfmtaanksnkiavvdskenklaalvdvgqiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdddisligtdpkghkkqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtalnpnekvsqsvavfninnlekgyevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>846,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhkehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdinepeagykvlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklktviddkr
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens  coded_by=complement(4805383..4806876),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrrillapllwigpahagaavlpsdaaanlyqqhcqschganrfggagpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmtgyanvfnptqidamvdylqqppatpptwsnddirgshsiltdinklpdtpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldahdlslvktipaigqdgtasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelpcagtpdfeprrikaedvlddfsfspdykqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwatngalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkvavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnaketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>846,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
qyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigtarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvvvidskndtltamvdvteiphpgrganiadpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthphsknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdvgnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpepraaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpgghpehawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdienlaagyevlpiaewadlgagpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddkarklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlepltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsdriavvdskerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpdaaisqsvavydinnldagftvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynqggdevwssvwsgqdqqsaivvvddktrtlkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaakflhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpkghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvrthpestnlyvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlsegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfn
>Streptococcus_pneumoniae  coded_by=66508..68031,organism=Streptococcus pneumoniae,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqpadsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeaqavirdgrpasqmaayshvlneaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrilkdvatlpmtpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdhfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlnnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldldtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpqygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnadnawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshptssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfeklpiaewaelgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvndrtrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=782816..784525,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrite reductase
mskpllagfiagfsmlglavaqaaanpetaeaaykgqasavdpasaqvvhspgapdlssaefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmtemknswhvlvkpedrpkkqmnklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwakepvkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvmlvnyedidnltttsigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaslvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpeknpehawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdakisqsaavfdinnlaagykvlpigewaglkegakrvvqpeyneagnevwfsvwngqeeesaivvvddktlelktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>Hahella_chejuensis_KCTC_2396  coded_by=4555034..4556545,organism=Hahella chejuensis KCTC 2396,definition=Cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants
mklspsllfatltlsafttpasaadstsnnaasdtealyqthcaachhpqrlgglgpallpeslgrirpkqaqevilhgraatqmpafadritdnqasqlaaylfqpaavtpqwtdedirashiihfpksglgdkpvfdadlmnlfivvesgdhhatlldgdafkpihrfktryalhggpkfspdgryvyfasrdgwisqfdiynlktvaeirvglntrnlalsadgkwvmvanylpqnlvllnadrlsplktfpvsnreqgsrvsavytapqrnsfiaamkdirelweirydqpafpvrkittedylddfffdqdyrhligasrsgesgqvidlesgatiatlnlpgmphlgsgisweteqgplmmtphlkegalsiinmkdwslvktlptlgpgfftrshdgspyiwvdvffgpnkdklhvidketleiiatlapepgktaahveftkdgrfalvslwedngalivydaltlkevtrlpmskpsgkynvynkthyvrgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgvtlepikvvstrgmivdtgefhpeprvaaivashfhpefvitvketgkilmvnysdienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaantrdtvvvvdtktrklvkliktgvkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpvkhpqhawkvvqtlegqgegslfikthpksnnlwvdtplnpeaetassvvvfdinnldkpykvipvgtwsgisdgvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsmneqsaivviddrtrkvkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvtsidaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskedklvalvdadkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtsalgnenitligtdpeghadsawkavevlkgqgggslfikthpestnlwvdtplnpdegisqsvavfdinnlgagfevvpiaewadigegpmrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwngveqpsalvivddktrelkavikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgqtlepktvtnvltptydtneplqevrvasivashfdpiwvislkesghvalvdyskpdfpmtskiaaerflhdggwdktqryflvaanmrdhvavvdvkdkklitkfktgvkphpgrganwkdpkfgwvdgtvhigegkltvygadpkknaehawkvvrevaipgtgslflkthdkspwvwmdtplsneeaqtrqicvyskakgdlekcwqaadrgrlvhfeynkagtelwasvwdkkgeiivfddktleeesriagdwlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(13509..15032),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=heme protein NirN
mqlipalvlaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqptdsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeahsvirdgrpasqmaayshvlndaqitglvdylyqpaavpptwsdadirashrilkdvatlptapqhgadprnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwisvydlhnlcmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslikhiptvgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvqeawelsyageptfeprrikaadylddfsftpdyryllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydantleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvrvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlcvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrerdlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnpehawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnleagyeklpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsiwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgsdvisligtdpakhpkqawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpkshnlwadaplnpeqelaesvtvydirnldkapdiiniaklanlpeskaikravhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakslhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeydwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkkvinvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(777078..778601),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldlaipraaaatqpadsqalyeqhcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpteahavirdgrpasqmaayshvlddaqitglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashriltdvatlpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvqeawelsyageptfeprrikaadylddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgeavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldletwklikeiptegpgffmrsqasspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydaktleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM79  coded_by=complement(18936..20627),organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM79,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mlisnrktfaltvatlcsalalavthaaranepaaaaasppmvksagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpflealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitsmakfiqhapptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltityidaspflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrklaalvevgktphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpvkhpqfawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpdsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnidklnagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqseesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimeadtlkpmqivstrgmtvdsqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrertlvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnpeagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgadlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri_KOS6  coded_by=12194..13906,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri KOS6,definition=nitrite reductase
mkkpllagfvagfsllalgiaqaqnnpedkaeaaykgqasavdpasaqvvhspgapdltsaefehakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmaemknswnvlvkpedrpkqqmnklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialvdgdskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwgkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnyedidnltttmigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpakhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfnpdakisqsaavfdinnlkagykvlpigewsglkggaqrvvqpeyneagnevwfsvwngqdeesaivvvddktlelktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>Thalassomonas_viridans  coded_by=38707..40293,organism=Thalassomonas viridans,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mckitgftlalvsltisaaqagtskdnkageklyvehcqachgvgrlgamgpalfpenlsrlrknkavkviengraatqmpafnktltqaeiasltdyiytpakelpqwsladikatniqhfdqsklpdkpqfdadlmnlfivvelgdhsatllngdtfepitrfktrfalhggpkyspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskydiynmktvsevragintrnlavssdgkyaivgnylphnvvildtkdlspiemietkssegvssrvsavynapprhsfivalkdvkevweipysdkggvdvykgwahdyrkdggegkvenwksedrfpvrriktqdylddfffdpeyinligtarnshngqvinidtkkkvatieltgmphlgsgitwdyqgkevfaspnikegkvtviemenwqvikeiktegpgffmrshskspyawadvffgpnkekvhiikkdtleivktiapapgktaahveftkdgkyvllsvwdndgavivydantleevkrlpmkkpsgkynvynkinyergtsh
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgfnlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnyedidnlsvteigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsnkiavidsrerklaaltdvteiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpeghpdtawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdvafsqsiavydvnnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklknvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtadtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlkattigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynsagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlidgptlepvkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpgprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdreiealidvtkiphpgrganvndpeygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpeghkdnawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdntlnpdarisqsiavyniddleagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrklkkvikderlitptgkfn
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=58617..60293,organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mshpgkrkgtgyalatclallmgsvtapafaegptlseeafesskqlyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepkwkktaadgtvteggtlqlgqerlekiiswgteggmnnfsdimteqeikdmstyimmepptppemslaqmeatrkvyvdpkdypteplhgrnwenffvvierdvgkvavvdgdtkevlahiptgyavhvlkasehhsvtepehpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqnpenmlvaevkiaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfaivdaetmepkkvvstrgvnvdgeyveesrvaaiyttpneptwivavkelgqlwqvdytdldnlridkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtethkleamidtaalphpgpganwvdpncgpvggtthlgegtvtvwgndpaehpdqawkicyevetdgaglfirthpnskyiwadqtkhpepevqqsvqvisketgeivktiqitdeegsaavhfefnqdgsevwvskwnrstslepngeivifdaetleekgrvkglfaptgkfnvynrsnhvt
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=58617..60293,organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mshpgkrkgtgyalatclallmgsvtapafaegptlseeafesskqlyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepkwkktaadgtvteggtlqlgqerlekiiswgteggmnnfsdimteqeikdmstyimmepptppemslaqmeatrkvyvdpkdypteplhgrnwenffvvierdvgkvavvdgdtkevlahiptgyavhvlkasehhsvtepehpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqnpenmlvaevkiaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfaivdaetmepkkvvstrgvnvdgeyveesrvaaiyttpneptwivavkelgqlwqvdytdldnlridkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtethkleamidtaalphpgpganwvdpncgpvggtthlgegtvtvwgndpaehpdqawkicyevetdgaglfirthpnskyiwadqtkhpepevqqsvqvisketgeivktiqitdeegsaavhfefnqdgsevwvskwnrstslepngeivifdaetleekgrvkglfaptgkfnvynrsnhvt
>Labrenzia_alba  coded_by=58617..60293,organism=Labrenzia alba,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mshpgkrkgtgyalatclallmgsvtapafaegptlseeafesskqlyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlepkwkktaadgtvteggtlqlgqerlekiiswgteggmnnfsdimteqeikdmstyimmepptppemslaqmeatrkvyvdpkdypteplhgrnwenffvvierdvgkvavvdgdtkevlahiptgyavhvlkasehhsvtepehpgrfwytmgrdgkmtkidlwqnpenmlvaevkiaydardvavsgdgkyvigggywpphfaivdaetmepkkvvstrgvnvdgeyveesrvaaiyttpneptwivavkelgqlwqvdytdldnlridkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtethkleamidtaalphpgpganwvdpncgpvggtthlgegtvtvwgndpaehpdqawkicyevetdgaglfirthpnskyiwadqtkhpepevqqsvqvisketgeivktiqitdeegsaavhfefnqdgsevwvskwnrstslepngeivifdaetleekgrvkglfaptgkfnvynrsnhvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytildgltleplknvstrgntvdgnyhpeprvasivaseskpewviniketgmirlvnysdlanlkettinsakflhdggwdsskryflvaanasnkvavvdtqegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisiigtdpagnpqnawkvvqelrnhganslfvkthpksenlwadaplnpdpklagsvtvyriadlgnpdpkpevldlaaaadlgktkgvqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktvpsaivvvadkarkvktvikdprlvtptgkfng
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpgfnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddetrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepiklvstrgytvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgkillvnyedvtnlrvttidaelflhdggldstkryfltaanarntvavidmkegklvrlvresdgigetphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgddtvvligtdpkghpqfawkvvetleglgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdaplhpepeisqsvavfdinnldkgyetlpigkwsgisegarrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwngkdqqsaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>865,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdienitvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrsanlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshprsknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldegfvklpiaawaelgegpkhvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelkavikdpklitptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqkpefivnvketgkilmvnyedlenmkvtevdaarflhdggwdssgryfmsaanqsnkiavvdskegelealvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpekhednawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdttlnpdekisqsvavfdirdldkgyeavdiagmaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashaypefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashaypefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpaynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenpeagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvvfdgltlqpiqrvdvplvdlngvtllenriaaivpshfgpewalnikeggfigvvdysdpaglnfpltlvptakfmhdggfdhtgkyflsmanasnkivvfnmetltvdaifnvgavphpgrgvnwldpvygwvnatghigdatievygadpvgrpdvawtvvqtltahsagslfikthpncpwvladmtnsangfeksitviskatgavdriltlpangrlthfefnmtgtevwvsdwatngavivldsqtlteirrfplpsptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdantlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgeillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdantlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgeillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdantlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgeillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashdapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvygadpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlgstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvkktghilmvdysdinnlkttdieaapflhdggwdaskryfltaanksnklavvdsqdqklaalvevgdiphpgrganfvdpqngpvwatshlgdasitlvgtdpkghpdkawkvvrtlqgqgggslfikthpksknpyvdtalnsveklsqsvavfnidkldapftvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntkdtksalvvvddktlklkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=complement(98160..99974),organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
msrsespaesvaeheerikrhlsasreiaetlefdddlsfemglpspgrrtfiktsgvvaasaalagcagddddedddendeeapsaersetvqlaakqyefdpqeirvppnteltieftqstfeenedfamhtfyledpydvgpvelpentnddvidsvtfvtdeegtfqfecnvycgdghaqmngqlyvvpegesvdkvdftdmetlkerhevlkeeselaqepshdldlrdimvvternnasvamidtvndefmervenvgkaihvhdfhpdlpeqtregayvytqsrqgemykidlfdfervavadagtdardiavsrdgdyviggfynpnhlvicdaetmepikripthtvnpdgeslgsrvcslydvpeeglflaglkeggevwlidytqddfpvvatiecgrtlhdgfftedgryfmiasqtdnqmdiidtherrhvaaipmdgvphpgpgalypdedlaftthagapsvgvwntetweaekmidvrgsglfirkhensdyvwadviltdteddayvytidpetlevdqeidcsqwgaaaaihpefsrdgekvyisvwqgenesilvfdpntgemltqiedllaptgkflgvraegh
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=128..1942,organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
msrsespaesvaeheerikrhlsasreiaetlefdddlsfemglpspgrrtfiktsgvvaasaalagcagddddedddendeeapsaersetvqlaakqyefdpqeirvppnteltieftqstfeenedfamhtfyledpydvgpvelpentnddvidsvtfvtdeegtfqfecnvycgdghaqmngqlyvvpegesvdkvdftdmetlkerhevlkeeselaqepshdldlrdimvvternnasvamidtvndefmervenvgkaihvhdfhpdlpeqtregayvytqsrqgemykidlfdfervavadagtdardiavsrdgdyviggfynpnhlvicdaetmepikripthtvnpdgeslgsrvcslydvpeeglflaglkeggevwlidytqddfpvvatiecgrtlhdgfftedgryfmiasqtdnqmdiidtherrhvaaipmdgvphpgpgalypdedlaftthagapsvgvwntetweaekmidvrgsglfirkhensdyvwadviltdteddayvytidpetlevdqeidcsqwgaaaaihpefsrdgekvyisvwqgenesilvfdpntgemltqiedllaptgkflgvraegh
>Natrinema_pellirubrum_DSM_15624  coded_by=2385437..2387251,organism=Natrinema pellirubrum DSM 15624,definition=heme/copper-type cytochrome/quinol oxidase, subunit 2
msrsespaesvaeheerikrhlsasreiaetlefdddlsfemglpspgrrtfiktsgvvaasaalagcagddddedddendeeapsaersetvqlaakqyefdpqeirvppnteltieftqstfeenedfamhtfyledpydvgpvelpentnddvidsvtfvtdeegtfqfecnvycgdghaqmngqlyvvpegesvdkvdftdmetlkerhevlkeeselaqepshdldlrdimvvternnasvamidtvndefmervenvgkaihvhdfhpdlpeqtregayvytqsrqgemykidlfdfervavadagtdardiavsrdgdyviggfynpnhlvicdaetmepikripthtvnpdgeslgsrvcslydvpeeglflaglkeggevwlidytqddfpvvatiecgrtlhdgfftedgryfmiasqtdnqmdiidtherrhvaaipmdgvphpgpgalypdedlaftthagapsvgvwntetweaekmidvrgsglfirkhensdyvwadviltdteddayvytidpetlevdqeidcsqwgaaaaihpefsrdgekvyisvwqgenesilvfdpntgemltqiedllaptgkflgvraegh
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvtsigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlvpptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdadtlkpieivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaalvdvtkiphpgrganlndpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtllgtdpvghadhawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnsqnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavydvndlgagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktralkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>895,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefivnvketgkillvnysdiknlnvasidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkerklvaliktgtkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvavigtdpeghpdyawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdltdldkeyevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgefneagdevwfsvwnsktqksaivvvddktrkpkavitddrlvtptgkfneraipah
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>858,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
rfimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeehpknawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinrldagfvrlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>Bordetella_petrii  coded_by=4287228..4288910,organism=Bordetella petrii,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor / cytochrome cd1, cytochrome oxidase, hydroxylamine reductase
mirpkktllagliasasllgaasvhaeapamtdaeketakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwaktdasgakteggtlqlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddilteqeinlmaryiqqtpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvserpkkqlnkvnlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdnhkiwkildtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwfeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdvskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikivstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivaslqkpewvvnvketgqillvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhkqfgpvwatghlgdevvslistasdksehakfkqhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpkskhfwadapmnperevaesvyvfnlddlskpptrlnvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkrvitdpavvtptgkfnvyntmhdvy
>Natrinema_altunense_JCM_12890  coded_by=220205..222040,organism=Natrinema altunense JCM 12890,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
msrsespaesiaeqeerikrhlsasreiaerlefddqlsfemglpspgrrtfiktsgvvaasaalagcagddddddgpestddeespdeeppaaersetvqlaakqyefqpqeirvppnteltieftqstfeeneeftmhtfyledpydigpielpentndelidsvtfvtdeegtfdfecsaycgdghaqmngqlyvvpegesvdevdftdmgtlkerheilkeerelaqepqhdldlrdimvvternnasvamidtvndrlmervenvgkaihvhdfhpelpeqtregayvytqsrqgemykidlfdfervavadagtdardiavsrdgnyviggfynpnhlvicdaetmepikripthtvnpdgeslgsrvcslydvpeeglflaglkeggevwlidytqedfpvvatiecgrtlhdgfftadgryfmiasqtdnqmdiidtherrhvaaipmdgvphpgpgalypdedlaftthagspsvgvwntetweaektidvrgsglfirkhehsdyvwadviltdseddayvytidpdtlevdqeidcsqwgaaaaihpefsrdgekvyisvwkgenesilvfdpntgelltqiedllaptgkflgvraegh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgstleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpvkhkdgawkvarvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgasleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivniketgrillvdysdidnlsittidaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksdkiavidskereltamidvetiphpgrganfrhpkygpvwatsalgndhitligtdprkhkqyawqvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdegisqsvavfdirdldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvlhpeyndkgdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrklkfvikgeeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpsstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqggynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivfvddrtrelkavikdpylvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytlmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanqsdriaivdsrerklvalpevtkiphpgrganitdpeygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpvstnlwvdtplnpepaisqtvavydindlkagfevlpiaewaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpel
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytlmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanqsdriaivdsrerklvalpevtkiphpgrganitdpeygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpvstnlwvdtplnpepaisqtvavydindlkagfevlpiaewaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpel
>Pseudomonas_sp._P482  coded_by=263227..264678,organism=Pseudomonas sp. P482,definition=lactonase, 7-bladed beta-propeller family protein
masaqggpaldqaaadyqqhcqqchgthrfgasgpallpeslsrikpaeirqvitggrpasqmngfaqvlsaariddlvaylqrppatpptwsdseirashqvfnaidslpgppqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhinildgdrftvlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsqydlhnlkliaevrtglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlrpvktiaavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelssagqpdfvprriaaedflddfsfspdyrqllatsrkanggqvidldsgqvlsrialpgmphlgsgtwwrrggdwvfatpniskglisvidlktwnvikeiptlgpgffmrshansayawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpvpgktaahvefshdgrylllsiwandgalivydsqtlkelkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkillvnyedvenlsvttipaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskerrltalvdadkiphpgrganlmdpehgpvwvtsalgnekvtfigtdpeghadkawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpeshnlwvdsplnpdtsvsqsvavfdirnlekgyevlpiaqwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvivddktrtlkavikgermitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkrkanawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpeagisqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagtkgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkehawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdanvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigdwagikddgarrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkisalvvvddktrklnavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshynpefivnaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkkhkehawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdanvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigdwagikddgarrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkisalvvvddktrklnavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmegdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskdrkltamidvdkiphpgrganfvhakygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpkghpqhawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyvdtplnpaekisqsiavfdiddldkgfkvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtvigtdpenhkdnawrvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksnnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvaddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._MT-1  coded_by=4242749..4244458,organism=Pseudomonas sp. MT-1,definition=cytochrome cd1-type nitrite reductase NirS
mskpilagfiagfsmlglavaqaamnpenadaaykgqasaidpasaqvvhspgapdlnaaefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnalskdeitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmaemknswkvlvkpedrpkkqmnkldlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgkskeiiktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwakeplkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkyviagdywppqytimdgetleplqivstrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnyedidnltttmigtapflhdggwdvshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkmaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpdkhpdqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksnhiyldttfnpdakisqsaavfniddlgagftvlpiaewagvtdgakrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqdeqsaivvvddktlklkkvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdaskryflvaanqrntiavvdakdnklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganfvdpkngpvwatshlgddtvvligtdpvkhpknawkvvrtlkaqgggslfikthpksvnlwvdsplnpgaevsqsiavfdirnldkpyevlkiaemanlgegskrvvqpeynktgdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvniketgmiklvdysdiknlrettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpkeawkvvqelknhgggslftkthpksnnlwtdaplnperelaesvsvydvknldkgpeviniaklaglpeskaikrvvhaeynatgdevwfslwagkteasaivimndktrklkavikdpkqitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlqlkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
cgirpsywppqfviadavtmeplkvvstrgvnvdgeyvnesrvaavyttpneptflvaakelgqmwqvdysdienlditkidsakflhdgffdptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtktrkleamidttgkkphpgpganwddpkhgpvgatvhlgtgmvtvwgndpagtpskawkivreietdgagafirthpnskyvwadqvknpepeiqqsvqvisketgeivktirvteeqgkaalhiefnkdgseawvsvwnrtdnsnptgeivvydadtleekarikglttptgkfn
>Halomonas_denitrificans  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=Halomonas denitrificans,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyenlealstveietsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdatiqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtldgqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpseaisqsvavfdindleagfdvlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntsdktsalvvvddetrelkkvikderlit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdsawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprskhlyvdttlnpdaaisqsvavfdideleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwkrqgpalgdrgdrrqsltlkaviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgrillvdysdlaslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqkltalidadkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavlddprlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA96  coded_by=complement(564276..565757),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA96,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL05  coded_by=134638..136119,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL05,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddghwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedidnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnevavvdtkknklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhknnawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddktrkpkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevqpiaewaelgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvtetgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvtetgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyedisnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkknkkyawkvvaslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegmrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpvkhkdgawkvarvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdidnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpvkhkdgawkvarvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdidnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpvkhkdgawkvarvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdidnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasherpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlqvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkiavvdsktgklaalvdaqeiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpkghpkhawkavrvekgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpavsqsvavydvnnlakgykvmkiadaaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvndktrkvkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Sulfuritalea_hydrogenivorans_sk43H  coded_by=complement(2635796..2637373),organism=Sulfuritalea hydrogenivorans sk43H,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
mrhlgllcglaaiaassiaadpaplyqqhcavchgpgrlgvtgpallpeslarlrkpeaiktitegraatqmlgfadrlnkdeiaaladyiytavspaptlseadikasrivnfapgslsakpaevfqgvdmmnlfivvetgdhhvtildgdklepihrfpsryalhggpkftpdgryvffasrdgwitkfdiwnlkvvaeiragintrnvavsgdgkylavanylphtlvlldadlnllkvhpvldkdrkessrvsavydaaprqsfvaalkdvpevweisynpkaddipvgmihdfkykegsfipgflnprrtflteplddffftqnyselmgssreagkgqvvhldvrkkiadlklpgmphlgsgitwnykppqgaqdrmvmatpnlkeglitvidmkdwstiktiptlgpgffmrshentpyawtdsmmskgkdtlqvidkrtlekvaevktnpgktlahveftrdgkyvlaslwerkadggalivfdaatfkevkripmdkpvgkynlynkimrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhskyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdignmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhskyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdignmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhskyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdignmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhskyawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdignmdagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtvigtdpekykdnawkvvralkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleggymvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkvmddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlsplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpeygpvwvtsalgnenitvlgtdpdghadnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksanlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdannldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddntrklkkvikgaevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlrprkivstrgmsvdneyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvinaketgkimmvnysdlknlkittldaaqflhdggmdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklsglidvgkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkaqawkvvetikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqsiavydvnnlqkgfevlpiadwagigegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplrvvstrgmavdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvdyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfldpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkglgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_brassicacearum  coded_by=complement(2862529..2864025),organism=Pseudomonas brassicacearum,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
msrwwlapllwlgaaqgavatepdmalaerdyqqhcqqchgvnriggagpalllqslsrikpaevrqviengrpasqmaafgailepaqidglalylqrppaveptwneddirqshrvladvaklptrpqhtadplnlfvvveagdhhidivdgdrfeviarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvylasrdgwislydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlavldardlslvktlatvgadgqasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdtkevwelstgpnpdfvprrievqdylddfsfspdyrqllatsrkaqggqvidldngrvvtdialpgmphlgsgtywkrdghwvfatpniskglisvidfstwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdmlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpdakvsqsvavydigsldkgpeilpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvrngkdqksaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleprkivstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivgshehpefiinvketgkillanyedldnmriteigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdsrdgalealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdegiavigtdpekhkanawkvvrnlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdekisqsiavfdinnlergyevldiagmanlgdgpkrvvqpeynlagdevwfsvwngsnqksaivvlddktrklktvitderlitptgkfne
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgdtlepktivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshekpefminvketgkvllvdysdfnnlkitsidaapflhdggwekthryfmsaanksnqiavidskegklvklvdvgqiphpgrganftdpvngdvwatshlgddtvsliataganawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpksrnlwidtplnpadnisqsitvfdldnldkgfeilpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktrnlkhvindqrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgdtlepktivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshekpefminvketgkvllvdysdfnnlkitsidaapflhdggwekthryfmsaanksnqiavidskegklvklvdvgqiphpgrganftdpvngdvwatshlgddtvsliataganawkvvrtlkgqgggslflkthpksrnlwidtplnpadnisqsitvfdldnldkgfeilpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktrnlkhvindqrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvydeqvyhpeprvasivashyrpefivniketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpvgemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Thauera_aromatica_3CB2  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=Thauera aromatica 3CB2,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepmkivstrgntvdgeyhpeprvapivasltkpewvvnvketgmiqlvdhsdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwstghlgdavvslistasddpkfakykdhnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadvpmnpereiaesvfvfdkgdlkkepvrldvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptavt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleptkimstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshehpefivnvketgkillvnysdleaitvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanqsdiiavvdskdreiealipaekiphpgrganindpefgpvwvtsglgneninfigtdpeghpdsawkvvrvlpsqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdntlhpdakvsqsiavydvnnldagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqvsaivvvddktrklkkvikderlitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmngdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlqvktigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvdkiphpgrganiidpqfgpvwvtsalgndkitfvatdpvnhkqhawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplhpdpkvsqsiavfdvnnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktrklkkvindkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmngdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlqvktigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvdkiphpgrganiidpqfgpvwvtsalgndkitfvatdpvnhkqhawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplhpdpkvsqsiavfdvnnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktrklkkvindkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmngdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlqvktigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvdkiphpgrganiidpqfgpvwvtsalgndkitfvatdpvnhkqhawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplhpdpkvsqsiavfdvnnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktrklkkvindkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesgnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkveesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyhpefvvniketghilmvnyedienlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardrvavvdtkedklvalidsggikphpgrganlmhptfgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpeghpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfnvddleagydvlpigewsgieegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwnskdqesaivvvddatrelktvirderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegetlepmkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnyadienltvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpgrganfthpefgpvwatsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdhawkvvqvvsgqgggslfikthpnstnlwvdtplnpeaaisqsiavfdvnnleagfevlpigewagvadgakrvvqpeynqqgdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkviksdrvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegetlepmkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnyadienltvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavvdskerklvalvdvdsiphpgrganfthpefgpvwatsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdhawkvvqvvsgqgggslfikthpnstnlwvdtplnpeaaisqsiavfdvnnleagfevlpigewagvadgakrvvqpeynqqgdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkviksdrvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnfediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkdnklvalietgikphpgrganivdpefgpvwvtsalgnanityigtdpekhpqhawktvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdirkpdagfevlpiaawadlgegpkrivqpeynkrgdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdakdrklealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvasiaashhkpefvvnvketgkillvnyrdvnalttteigaarflhdggwdsskryflvaanqsnkiavvdtvtgklaalvdvghiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgedtisligtapndkkcgryawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthprsrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdtddlgkgyvllpiaewaglgegakrvvqpeynmagnevwfsvwsaknqtsaivvvddktrklkavikdphlitptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_sp._HMR-1  coded_by=complement(7648..9207),organism=Cupriavidus sp. HMR-1,definition=cytochrome c, class I:Cytochrome d1, heme region
mfgrtmlfvtltgvssaisamtaeeitradalyqancavchsasrggyvgpalhkdrlvqsaaalrgtimtgipdtlmppfhsrlpdadihllaeyihsqpvskpewsmkqaqdslevlidektlpskptykidsvydlmvvmargrygrgtgsdnaktvflngktnqvvgeiatpiaphimdfspvnerwawlksddgyvykidlyslkvvrkiktgltgpgiavsndgkwlaassfvpnlvmilkadtlepvkhlrlegtdpdgkfiqsaggpvigsrinnkfaltlrqagqiwivdpdregmpvtklekvgrmlhdtfltpdgrysmvasyddnkivaidlkedkvvrdipagcqphvgsgavtpiggrmlafgtnigkcdkgdvvtvwdtkdfsvvknirvagptespaahpdapyvavdivskdkrasqiqlidkqtlevvrtleagghaffpeytrdgkylyvsagyygdririydsktlelvaehkmespagifsrartqwitvglpptrkn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgftleplkavstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkilmvnyedignlkvtsidaarflhdggwdrtqryfptaanksnkiavvdskedkltamidvgaiphpgrganfedpefgpvwatshlgdetiavigtdpdghpdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpesknlyvdtalnpdakisqsvavfdvanldaepkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkdgdevwfsvwngkdqqsaivivddktlsvkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._MT-1  coded_by=4250762..4252255,organism=Pseudomonas sp. MT-1,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrlipfallmlcgavqaapeavsleqagvlyeqhcqschganrlggagpallpeslsrikpdearavihngrpasqmaafgdrlnpaqidalvsylyqpaatpptwsdadirashriltdvdtlpntpqhnadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwisvydlhnltmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhiptlgadgtqsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeaweisyagkpdfqprrieaadflddfsftpdyryllatsrkalggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrggnwvfatpnvskglisvldlqswklikeiptegpgffmrshlnspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgalivydaktlkeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkieyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvxmdgetlepkkivgtrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedldnlkvttidaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanksnkiavvdsredklaalidvgqiphpgrganfdhpefgpvwatshlgdqtiavigtdpeghpehawkmvqsvdgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtalnpaepisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaawadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsaivvlddktrkvknvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfehpkfgpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkgnkkhawkvvevlkgmgsgslfvkthpkstnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshekpefvvnvketgkillvdytdinalktteieaarylhdggwdkskryfmvaannsnkiaavdvkegklaglidvgaiphpgrganfdhpkygpvwatghlgdetvaligtdpegnkehawkmveslkgqgggslflkthpksknlwvdtalnpdeaisqsiavydienldkgfevlpiaewagvgegakrvlqpeynvagdevwfsiwsaknqqsaivivddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepkqqvfvpmddidgvtlvenrvasivashndpvwvlalkeagyvgivdysdpagldfplvsrvpaakflhdggfdstgryfllaanasnlmvivdvemqtlaatiptglvphpgrgvnwfdtnvdatgdpigwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvnrpdiawqivqeitlpsagslfikshpaspyvlvdmtlsatgnekdicaiskatgaldqcftvatngravhiefnqdgsevwvsdwapdgavivldsqtlveirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivpshehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlkvttigaarylhdggwdatkryfltaanksdkiavvdskegkltalvdvekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitaiatdpvkhkehawkavhvlegqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqsvavfdvenlgkgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkllvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklaalvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndmitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvlmdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivsshqrpeflvnaketgkifmvdytdlknlaikqldaakylhdggfdstrryfmtaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalievgqdaapgawrhfrirntarcgrrpvwvtraspssvpipratrrtrgrscarskgqgggslfikthpksnnlwvdttlnpdakvsqsvavfdirdfskkpqiidiaacadlkddgakrvvqpeynqkgdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktrtcktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkqivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtrisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>897,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvdyedldnltvtdiaterflhdggldatgryfivaanarhrlavidtqdgqlealieskgltphpgrganfehpeygpvwatshlgdetisltgtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpepkiassvavfeiddldeeedeieyevlpigewsgieegqrrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwnakdepsaivivddetlrlkhvirgdeivtptgkfneg
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepmkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnyadidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsnkiavvdsrdrnlaalvdvekiphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpeqawkvvrvldgqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsiavfdvnnleagydvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdakdrklealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygsvwatsalgnenitliatdpkqdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksqnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgwvllvnysdlnaitetkleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkiavidskerrtaalidvnkiphpgrganltdpkfgpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpakhkdhawkvvrelkgpgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpklsrsvhvydannleagfvslpiaewaevgegparvvqpeynaagdevwlsvwngktqtsaivvlddktrklknvikdarlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkvvstrgatvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlsnlkettinsakflhdggwdytkryflvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaaivdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgsdvitligtdpvkhpknawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpkssnlwadaplnpdqelaesvsvydlknlskapeviniaklaglpeskaikravraeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivimddktrklkhvikdpklitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqftimdgftlepiqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashkhpefivnvketgkillvnykdldnlsittinaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaanksnkiavidsetreltalvdateiphpgrganfihpehgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpnkhgenawkvvdilhglgggslfikthpksenlwvdtvlnpdakisqsitvfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaklgsgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteesalvivddktrklkkvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>828,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvfdgltleplqrvdvpmgsitgetllenriaaivashgapvwvfglkesgfvgivdysdpgfplvstiatekflhdggfdhtgryfltaanasntmvivdletqtlaatiptgfvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshisegkvsvyganpvgrpdvawqvvreialpsagslfikthpnspwvlvdmtlsstgfekqicaiskqtgaldrcfsvaangpavhlefnqagtevwvsdwasdgrliildgttldvintitgvttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywpptchimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyapefivniketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhknnawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddrtrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Thioalkalivibrio_nitratireducens_DSM_14787  coded_by=complement(1646419..1648542),organism=Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens DSM 14787,definition=hydroxylamine reductase - like protein
mygqhsfrpkflkstlsisllaafgmataqdaavheaeaakgaatgaepspahyqafcaachqadgtgmrgafpplagnervtedpvrvmdivlqgldeplevdgvtystamppmqhledtqiagavnyvltswgnqgepvtveqvaarraslglvdraegephpgspegairyrgtpspiegtrqvvtpgapaltqeefarsqqiyfercagchgvlrkgatglplttdltqakgtaylkalinfgspagmpnwgtsgeltddeidaiarflqheppqppewgmadmrnswtvfvapedrpaqpqhgydvdnlfavtlrdagevaiidgdskevvayvptgyavhisrasssgryfstigrdgkvdlidlymdppqvvaeikigmearsvensrykgyedqiaiagaywpphyvlmdgqtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshlhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidalnvttidaapflhdggwdrsgryfltaaneadriavvdakerrlqalipveriphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpdhafkavrvlegqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdtplhpdagisqsiavfdvhnpdagfevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkvgdevwfsvwsgmteesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgerivtptgkfnnyntrneiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrmlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrmlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>844,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtaieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyevvpigqmsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkr
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealvdatkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpekhkdhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdntlhpdakvsqsvavydidnlegeyqvlpiaewagvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngqeqvsaivvvddktrelkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavmkgpdiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
spqfvimdgdtlnplkivstrgstvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshynpefivnaketgkimavnysdlknlkitiidaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsdlgdefisligtdpvkhkaqawkvvqtltgqgsgslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeakisqsvavfdiknldkgfeilpigewadlgddgakrivqpeynvagdevwfsvwsakdknsalvvvddktrklkavikdpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplspdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavirdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgnvydeqtyhpeprvasivashfhpefivnvketgkillvdysdlknlrtteieaerflhdggfdsthryflvaanargkvavvdtkdqkltalieggatphpgrganfvhpvygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpnghpdqawklvqsfyalgggslfikthpnsknlyvdaplnpdpeisasvavfdivvmepeyktlpigewagipegqprvvqgefnregteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlqpkqvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnieetghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnksgdevwfsvwsgqdeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidvakiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddkknakfkehnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvavwdmadlskpkailnvakdsglpetkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvlmdgdtlrprkivstrgmtvdaqeyhpeprvaaivasherpefivnvketgkalavdysnlddlkitmidaalflhdggwesthryfmsaanksnkiavidsktasltalvdvgqiphpgrganfvdpdhgpvwatshlgdntislistdaskatkwsvvrtlqgqgggslflkthpnsrnlwvdtplnpdaqvnqsvavfdidhldagyqripiaewadvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivilddatrklkhvikdarlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiiniketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstlryfltaanqsnkiavidsrnrklvalpdvtkvphpgrganikdpefgpvwitsalgdasitflgtdpenhpeqawkvvrilqgqgggslfvkshpnsmnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsiavfdvndldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgsevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieserflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdetialigtdpekhkenawkvveslegqgggslfikthpdstnlyvdtplnpepelsssvavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkehesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenltagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkrvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplrvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqillvdysdianlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpvkhassawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpqiaqsiavfdttnleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrivqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>Dechlorosoma_suillum_PS  coded_by=2195004..2196734,organism=Dechlorosoma suillum PS,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mktkrfnllrlaaipalafavqfafagtpeshgdatmrdyqagggsplasvpmhqdinplapkmteaefekakriffercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltiakgleylkvfikygsaggmpnwgtsgvlsddevdlmaryiqqtppappeyglkemeaswkvivpvekrpkkklnnlnldnlfsvtlrdageialidgdskkivsilntgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinlidlwmekpdtvaeikvgmearsvesskakgfedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlsnlkikmieaapflhdggfesthryfmdaanasnkiavidtkdgklaklvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpvkhgdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksrnlwvdttlnpeanisqsvavwdvnnldkgyellpigdwsgikegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavikdpklvtptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganftdsqygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpvghkdnawkavrvlsgqgggslfvkshptshhlyvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdtrnleagfkvlpiaewakpgegpkrvvqpefnktgdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddrtlelkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpmaelsssvavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdaltvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkiealvdateiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpenhkdnawkavrtikaqgggslfvkshpksnnlwidntlhpqtavsqsiavydvnnieagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynvrgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdaltvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkiealvdateiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpenhkdnawkavrtikaqgggslfvkshpksnnlwidntlhpqtavsqsiavydvnnieagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynvrgdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivivddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtktphpgrganivdpefgpvwitsalgnanvtflgtdpvnhpehawkavrvlqgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdirkpeagyevlpiaewadigdgpkrivqpeynargdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytlmqgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgkvllvdysdvdnldvttiaaarllhdggwdatkryfltaanksnkiavidskerklvslvdtteiphpgrganlddptygsvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdparnadhawkavrilkgqgggslfvkshphsknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfditnleagfqvlpiaewagigegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrklkhvikharlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepvkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdsivivketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>884,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfhpefvvnaketgqtlmvnyadinnlkvttigterflhdggwdaskryfmvaanqrntiavvnakdnklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwatshlgdetvvligtdpgqnrdhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfikthphsknlwvdsplnpdagisqsvavfdignldkpfevvkiaelaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkvvstrgitvdgeyhpeprvasivssqikpewvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdvskryflvaanashkiavvdtkegklaalvdtakiphpgrganfmhpqfgpvwatghlgadvvtligtdpeknqqhawkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthptsrnlwadmpqnperelaesvvvfdlndlskkpqqidvakdaglpemkavrravhpeysekgdevwisvwagktdpsaivvyddktrklkavikgpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivgtrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewviniketgmiklvdysdinnlkettinsakflhdggwdvtkryflvaanasnkiavvdtkegklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfthptygpvwatghlgadvitvigtdpeknkqhawkvvqevkhngagnlfvkthpksahlwadapqnperdiaesvvvwdlkdlskpkkvlnvakdsklpetkairravhpeysadgtevwvslwggkadqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkivgtrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewviniketgmiklvdysdinnlkettinsakflhdggwdvtkryflvaanasnkiavvdtkegklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfthptygpvwatghlgadvitvigtdpeknkqhawkvvqevkhngagnlfvkthpksahlwadapqnperdiaesvvvwdlkdlskpkkvlnvakdsklpetkairravhpeysadgtevwvslwggkadqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwvstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsglgnaditfigtdpqnnadhawqvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindldagfvkipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdelwisvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(5618..7324),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS50  coded_by=complement(541405..543111),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS50,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA03  coded_by=70807..72513,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA03,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA026  coded_by=complement(520482..522188),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA026,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL13  coded_by=complement(582004..583710),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL13,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=150950..152656,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132013..133719,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(531994..533700),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskdqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Halobiforma_lacisalsi_AJ5  coded_by=54168..56018,organism=Halobiforma lacisalsi AJ5,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
msesehpsddakttaerierikkayamrvddaeemgideqldfpdwidldlperrrflagtaaagtaavagcmgdeepadgtetddgedseggsggdedaelhefemrayqwgfepqeiqvpegakvkidfvestfeenpdfnlhdwhllepydehvgleedtdpdsvsqsvefiadepgrhlyectlycgsghaqmegelfvgdeaaefdyrkiedvettheilneeselpqepqlvddltdmfavvergnasvsyvdmenheklgriedvghaihvtefhrdipeneregaymytmardgylykldlfglnrvarvrvgtdardlslnrtndyliaglynpgqlfvvdaetmeplkqittqgidldgqfvesrvcalydaphygvwvaalkelgqvwlidytqddfpvveqidcartlhdgfftkdgryfmlasqtdnvmsiidleeqelvknlevgavphpgpgaldaerhraftthigddvvaawdtdtweleklidvpggglflrdhpdcdyiwcdvalrddpeldqlvyaidretlevafevetgsdhaihpifsndgqevfvshwaegeihvydshtgehieevegdftdctgkfpmrrakkfamdwda
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkcvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkcvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkcvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpawvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvrpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpawvtsalgnekvtviatdpekhkdqawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvrpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitpt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdstgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpiygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrtlvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdsawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaecadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwitsalgnhnitflgtdpeehlghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvketgavlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryvmtaanksnkiavidskkqklaalvdvteiphpgrganlqdpefgpvwvtsalgnenvtfvatdpadhpdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpastnlwvdttlnpdtsisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagiegggpkrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwsgteeesaivivddksrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkishpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA041  coded_by=complement(311099..312805),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA041,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PGPR2  coded_by=complement(570565..572271),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PGPR2,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M18  coded_by=complement(570536..572242),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M18,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL11  coded_by=complement(322661..324367),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL11,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL06  coded_by=154373..156079,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL06,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_CF614  coded_by=416084..417790,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa CF614,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA007  coded_by=complement(311346..313052),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA007,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=150652..152358,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqislmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashrhpefivnvketgrillvdysnvdalkvttldaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkmvglidvdkiphpgrganfmhpkygpvwttsalgnekitligtdpakhpesawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktrklkaviddarmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkpltivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarylhdggwdaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganivdplygpvwitsalgnhnitflgtdpeehpghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpefnkngdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=2891..4618,organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=nitrite reductase
mapsstgaekttaeqaaqkgevadhtskpqdqyqpalttlaqeqvaapgtvdgvpsmteeefnqankiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditrelgfdylksfitygspagmpnwgtsgdmdeatvdlmakyvmqdpasppefgmpemketwkvlvkpedrptqkendwdlenlfsvtlrdagqialidggtyeikavldtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakvnmidlwmkepqtvaeikigaearsvetskmegwedkyviagaywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvaailsshfrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanargklvvidtkegrleaitetggetphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpeghkdqawkivdsfpalgggslfiktypgsnhvyvdatlnpepeisgsvavfeidkltgdgsdpefktlpiaewaeiadgqprvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkkvikdprlvtptgkfnvkntmgdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpeagisqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpeagisqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpeagisqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepvkvvstrgmtvdtgeyhpeprvaaivashyhpefiinvketgkillvnyadlenlnvatidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkerklvarietgtkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetiavigtdpeghpehawkvvqslegqgggslfvkthpesknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdlndldkeyevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsrtqksaivvvddktrklkevitderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdkawktvrildgmgggslfvkshpessnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrklkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>Azoarcus_evansii  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=Azoarcus evansii,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqcsimdgetlepikivstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivasmvkpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdmskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaglidtakiphpgrganfmhpqfgpvwttghlgadvisvistasdnpkhakykdknwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksthlwadapmnpereiaesvyvydlkdlgktptrldvakdsglpeskairrathpefneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnv
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtleslkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdignlqvtnidaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanksdkiaivdakeqrlvdlvdvdkiphpgrganltdpehgpvwvtsalgnekvtfigtdpdgnpdnawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkthpnsknlwvdtplhpdtavsqsvavfdvdnldagfevlpiaewanlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrqlktvidderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdisaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvsfigtdpaghpehawkvvrvlndqgggslfvksdpdstnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdiadldagydvlpiaewaglgpgpkrvvqpefnnagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddksrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL07  coded_by=208685..210166,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL07,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH049  coded_by=complement(515962..517443),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH049,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashyspefivniketghilmvnfediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvalietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhpdnawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdiknlekgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgdeiwfsvwngkdqdsaivvvddktrklknvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsarkvvgsidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklnkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpakhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivasrfkpefivnvketgkilmvdysdirnlkvttieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarnkvavidtkesklialldsegqtphpgrganlmhpthgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqslealgggslfvkshptssnlyvdsplnpdaeisasiavfkvadlandepeytvlpigewagiaegqprvvqgefnqegteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddrtlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_lini  coded_by=complement(453..1946),organism=Pseudomonas lini,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrrmllapllwvgaahagatvpssdaaadlyqqhcqrchganrfggtgpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmtgyanvfspaqidalvdylqqppatpptwsnddirgshsiladisklpdtpqhradplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfdvlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwvslydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktipaigqdgtasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelssagtpdfeprriqaedvlddfsfspdykqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsvwatdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefvegtsh
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgfnlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhreprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpefgpawatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvvetlhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdikdlgkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddetrklktvikdkklitptgkfnd
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashghpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfehpkfgpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkgnkkhawkvvevlkgmgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkehesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsredkltalidvtkiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnsldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesalvivddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgltlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshkhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlrvttidaarflhdggwdrsqryfltaanesdriavvdaqeqelealipveriphpgrganfihpeygpvwttsalgnanitligtdpdghpdrawkvvdvlqgqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpisewadlgpgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmeeqsaivvvddrtrtlkqvikgdfmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pqyivydgltleplavhsvegeafdtgeqltevriaaivashfdpiwvlglkesghvgivdysqdgfpmvnripadrflhdggwdhtgryfiiaanqrnrmavvdvqeqelvttfetglvphpgrganwedpdygwvngtthigqglftvygadpanrpdvawlvvrrvefegsgspfvkthpnsqwvwmdmplnnspevtrqtcvyskasgemercwtigprgaavhfeynragtevwvslwdkqgeiviyddatltektritgdwlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgrillvnysdienlsvttidaarflhdggwdvskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerkltamidvdkiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwvtsalgnekitmigtdpeghpdqawsvvgvlsgqgggslfvknhpksrnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavfdidnldagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeynsdgtevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddatrelkhvikgervvtptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkestivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Diaphorobacter_sp._J5-51  coded_by=11939..13567,organism=Diaphorobacter sp. J5-51,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mdtaaakrplrgsrwsgpsrylaalglfwltglhaqttealqpnapalyqqhcavchgaqrtgimgpallpeslervrpaevlrviqqgrpatqmpgfseqlgdaeiralaawvrtpvvpaprwgeddirasrtftpvpddepakpkwnadpmnlflvveggdhhvslldgdrfevitrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvffgsrdgwitkydlwrlrvvaevraglnmrnvavsgdgrwvmaanylphtlalfdadlnlvqtyaaatldgkassrvsavydatprksfvvalkdipelweisydrnaapiydglvhdykmgeaiakpgylgvrrtplseplddfffdqsyrhvlgatrprsgaderasaqvvnldirrkvadlpiagmphlgsgitfawgdttvlaspnlgggavdvidmqtwktvrtiatpgpgffmrshedtpyawtdsmmsptakdtltiidkrtlqpvaqvrepgktlahieftrdgryalasvwemdgalvvydaasfkevkrlpmkkpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvfldgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillanyedlnnlsvttidaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerrlealidvekiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpkghpdqawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdsplnpdpavsqsvavfdisrpqggfevlpiakwadlgegpkrvvqpeynadgtevwfsvwngkeqnsalvvvddatrklktvikhpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmanykdinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavidskdqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpkkhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpdtgisqsvaifdignldkapqvvniaelaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimddatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhnggwdsakryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekitliatdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddrtlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewadlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewadlgegpkkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashaypefivnaketgkimlvnyedtenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfptaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnaaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagydvlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdymvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Halomonas_sp._F15  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas sp. F15,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyenldalatveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdntiqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadvgegvkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvivddetrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>Halomonas_sp._N64  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas sp. N64,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyenldalatveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdntiqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadvgegvkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvivddetrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksgnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevrfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplnivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnmqvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiaivdardqqlealvdvdkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnekitcigtdpegnpdkawkvvrvlpgqgggslfvkshpnsknlyvdtplnpaeaisqsvavfniddpdagfevlpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqnsalvvvddktrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyediqnlkvtaiaaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardklaivdtkdgklvsliesggikphpgrganlkhpefgpvwvtshlgdetvsligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnstnlyvdtplnpepelassiavfdvnnldkgyevlpigewsgitesvrrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Marinobacter_aquaeolei_VT8  coded_by=3467280..3469004,organism=Marinobacter aquaeolei VT8,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mrvtklmikplalavaitslgvmnaqaapkdpdkstmayegtpsavdaesakivrspgapdltdaefekakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergidylkafisygspagmpnwltsgdfdeetvelmakyimheppqppefsladmketwevivppedrpkkqmndldlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgdskevvkiidtgyavhisrmsasgryvlvigrdalinmidlwmeepqtvakikvgmearsvetskykgwedklaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagydvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdymvtptgkfntyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimngltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfidpqfgpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktltlkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkrffltaanqsdkiavvdsreqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganltdpqfgpvwvtsalgnekitmigtdpqghkdsawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdihnfdagykvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkvindprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgstleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdnawkvarvlsgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnldagykvlpiadwaklgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgstleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavidskeqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganftdkqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdnawkvarvlsgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdidnldagykvlpiadwaklgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlalkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfihpkygpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwsmsdlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvtmdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpeslsvmtigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealinvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwidsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpel
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegetlkplkivstrgmtidneyhpeprvasilgshynpefvinaketgkiylvnykdlnnlrittidaakflhdggvdstgryfmvaanasdkiavvdtkedklaamvnvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetvsmigtdpvkhkdqawkvvdtvkgqgggslfikshpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsiavynindlhkgfevlpiaewanvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvkeagrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=complement(156147..157802),organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mrkrkkvliggalvfvlfagtyaqqqqkeelpppppltkqemerakeiyfdrcagchgalrkgatgpaltpdktrklgtetlktfitygtpggmpdwgrqgiltpeevdlmaryiqhdpppppelplgemkkswkvyvppekrpqkpehnrnwqnfmavilrdigkvaiidgdtkelvstvdtgyavhiarysasgrylytigrdgkvvlidlwmkkpdkvaevktcydgrsldtskykgpkgdfldklaiigcywppsfvivdgqtleplkivatsaytydtneflrearvasivashydpewvvnvkeagqiwlvdysnihapkitmidaerflhdggwdaskryflvaanfrdtisvvdtkekklvknikvgtrphpgrganidhpkygplwctghlgdntircigtdpvkhpqyawkvvvkmempgegggnlfikthpksphlwadralnndpklqrslfvfdkntfqikkvieippefqgravhleynkngdevwvavwskknepekqailvyddktltlkkaitgnwvatptghfnvyntmkdiy
>Hydrogenobacter_thermophilus_TK-6  coded_by=complement(156136..157791),organism=Hydrogenobacter thermophilus TK-6,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mrkrkkvliggalvfvlfagtyaqqqqkeelpppppltkqemerakeiyfdrcagchgalrkgatgpaltpdktrklgtetlktfitygtpggmpdwgrqgiltpeevdlmaryiqhdpppppelplgemkkswkvyvppekrpqkpehnrnwqnfmavilrdigkvaiidgdtkelvstvdtgyavhiarysasgrylytigrdgkvvlidlwmkkpdkvaevktcydgrsldtskykgpkgdfldklaiigcywppsfvivdgqtleplkivatsaytydtneflrearvasivashydpewvvnvkeagqiwlvdysnihapkitmidaerflhdggwdaskryflvaanfrdtisvvdtkekklvknikvgtrphpgrganidhpkygplwctghlgdntircigtdpvkhpqyawkvvvkmempgegggnlfikthpksphlwadralnndpklqrslfvfdkntfqikkvieippefqgravhleynkngdevwvavwskknepekqailvyddktltlkkaitgnwvatptghfnvyntmkdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttigaarylhdggwdsnhryfltaanqsnkiavidskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrtmpgmgggslfvkshpksnnlwvdaplnpdtkfsqaiavydvnnldagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngleqksaivvvddktrklkkvikgpefvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgatlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnaketgkimivnyqdlknlktttldaakflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkddklaalidvgttphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatshlgddtvslistdpvkhkaqawkavetikgqgggslfikthpksknlwidtplnpdakvsqsvavydidhldkgfvtlpiaewagvsdgakrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivivddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgddleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivniketgkillvnykdvdhlqvttipaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrrltalvdakeiphpgrganlkdpahgpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpanhgdkawkavrvlqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpapeisqsvavfnvdaldkgfevipigewagiaegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqmsaivvvddrtrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpaisqnvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynaasdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>863,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganledpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpssnnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvsdldagfvklpiaawadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrelkavikdpklvtptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqtivstrgmtvdtleyhpeprvasivsshykpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedlknlkvtsidadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkiavvdtkegklagmvevdqtphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgsdavsligtdpdknkqhawkvvqqlegqgggslfikthpkssnlwvdttlnpepsiassiavfdlknldkpaevlpigewsgiadgmrrvvqpeynkegtevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwvdmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimegatlepkklvstrsitvdgdyhpeprvasivasmqkpewvvnlketgliqlvdysdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasdkvavvdtiegklaalvntkakphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgadvitligtdpekhkqyawkvveelknhgggslfvkthpksknlwadaplnpdaelaesvtvydindlskkpeviniatmadlgktkgtkrvvhgeynadgseiwfsvwvgnkteksaivviddktrklktvikdpkmitptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygavwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvethpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>Acidithiobacillales_bacterium_SG8_45  coded_by=complement(4506..6017),organism=Acidithiobacillales bacterium SG8_45,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mhaplaqagdpveplyrnhcaschgvdrlggigpallpenlkrlkrkhaavviqqgraasqmpafadklsatqtqtlvdfiyqplptipvwgqkeiqashivhikpetlknkpiysadplnlfivvetgdhhatvldgdrfepihrfktrfalhggpkyspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskfdmynlktvaeiragintrnvavsgdgryamvanylphtlvvldtrdlsllkiipvqddkgtssrvsavytapprnsfiaalkdipevweipygddaepiypglvhdyrmgeglamkgpfpmrriklddylddfffdqsyqhligaarnkkngqvvnlivgrkiadidlaglphlgsgitweyrgkpvmatpnlksgevsvidmstwktirhiktlgpgffmrshkntnyawvdvffgpnrdavhvidkrslkiaktlrpapgktaahveftrdgryallsiwdkdgavviydarslkevkrlpmnkpsgkynvynkihyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfpqvkniaterflhvggwdstgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefsqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgqfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivnvketghilmvdysdinnlkttdieaapflhdggwdaskryfltaanksnklavvdsqdqklaalvevgdiphpgrganfvdpqngpvratshlgdasitlvgtdpkghpdkawkvvrtlqgqgggslfikthpksknpyvdtalnsveklsqsvavfnidkldapftvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntkdtksalvvvddktlklkkvikddrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqpanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktkesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1H2O  coded_by=complement(571111..572592),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1H2O,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvllxardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyaxgkpvapkrxavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeixtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=3641..5323,organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=nitrite reductase
msnvgkpilagviaglsllglavaqaaapemtaeekeaakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwtktdadgkkteggtlnlgtkrleniiaygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqntpdvppefslqdmkdswklivpvdqrpkkqmnkinlknvfaitlrdagklalvdgdthtiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepttvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgyedkyliggtywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqiilvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdyskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfihpqfgpvwttghlgddvvslistasddlkyakykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknlwadapmnperevaesvyvydladlskapkrldvakdsglpeskairrathpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimngdtleplkivatrgytvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgqtlmvdysdinnlkvttigterflhdggwdsskryfmvaanqrntiavvdakedklvklvkdgvgkiphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatshlgdetvvligtdpeknkanawkvvrtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdsplnpaaevsqsvavfdignldkpfevvkiaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlkpmqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrertlvaltdvtkiphpgrganlndpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvnnpeagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgadlvtptgkfn
>Sulfuricella_denitrificans_skB26  coded_by=complement(324851..326362),organism=Sulfuricella denitrificans skB26,definition=hypothetical protein
mnkapiyrfavkcfvflsilmplaahaapdvqkiygehcvschgsdrlggigpallpenlarlrrpeafktiaegrnasqmlgfsdklskdeiqvlvdfiyqplakapvwgadeiitshlqhvpsgslpgkpvfeadplnlfvvvevgdhhatildgdkfepiyrfqtrfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskfdiynlkmvaevragintrnlavsgdgktvlvgnylphslvlldaedltlikvipaqdkngissrisavyqaeprgsfvaalkdvkevweisytskdfpirriqvedylddfffdqsyrhligatrggqkgqvidldsgrkvaeidlpgmphlgsgitweyqgrpvmatpnlkepvvsvidmntwqtvkqiktlgpgffmrshentpyawtdgfnssnpasrdamhiidkntlevvrilrpapgktaahveftrdgkyalvsiwendgalviydaatlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvynkitrsegtsh
>Sulfuricella_denitrificans_skB26  coded_by=394612..396123,organism=Sulfuricella denitrificans skB26,definition=nitrite reductase
mnkapiyrfavkcfvflsilmplaahaapdvqkiygehcvschgsdrlggigpallpenlarlrrpeafktiaegrnasqmlgfsdklskdeiqvlvdfiyqplakapvwgadeiitshlqhvpsgslpgkpvfeadplnlfvvvevgdhhatildgdkfepiyrfqtrfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskfdiynlkmvaevragintrnlavsgdgktvlvgnylphslvlldaedltlikvipaqdkngissrisavyqaeprgsfvaalkdvkevweisytskdfpirriqvedylddfffdqsyrhligatrggqkgqvidldsgrkvaeidlpgmphlgsgitweyqgrpvmatpnlkepvvsvidmntwqtvkqiktlgpgffmrshentpyawtdgfnssnpasrdamhiidkntlevvrilrpapgktaahveftrdgkyalvsiwendgalviydaatlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvynkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgetleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgkillvnyenldalqstelqaapflhdggwdsskrcfmtaanksnkvavvdskdrkiaalvdvtkiphpgrganvntkaygpvwitsalgsdeitligtdpekhkknawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpatdisqsiavfntddldagyevlpiakwagvadqgaarvvqpeynkqgdevwfsvwngteaasaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgytadtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganledpeygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdvdnldkgfevlpiadwagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvratsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlqlkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdsltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadprxkvvrvlkaqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
wppqyvimdgatlepkqivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedvenlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalrnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddkalklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>Rhodobacteraceae_bacterium_HLUCCO07  coded_by=15495..17069,organism=Rhodobacteraceae bacterium HLUCCO07,definition=Cytochrome D1 heme domain
mipsinssdrpapssclkysfagvmlvttlamapvtgwaggdpahgralydahcadchmasrlggtgpalipqtlhrmygpkldtvirdgrvatqmpgfgellseidisdiaaylsqplaqspdwgmveiletrdfrddytpaktpvfdvdpmnvtlaveiadshvsvldgdsfarlarfetpfavhggpkfspdgrlvyvvsrdgwvqkydlwgltevgriraglnarniaisadgkwlavanylpmtltildaatlrpekvievtgsdgtpsrvsavyqapprdsfvlalkdipevweistsdtrledppgtahgfpirkitvehvlddfffdqgyehligasretekarvldlvsgqevaeidlpgmphlgsgitwewngtrvmatphlkegmisvidmetwqtvkrietegpgffmrshansryawadvffgpnrdvmhvidketleivktlrpapgktvahteftrdgrhalvsiweddgavivydadtleevtrlpmkkpsgkynvwnkitfaegtsh
>Colwellia_psychrerythraea_34H  coded_by=complement(4443352..4444980),organism=Colwellia psychrerythraea 34H,definition=nitrite reductase
mktvkyglsalglaigmaatgvsmsvsaaeptlaeadyekaklqyfqrcagchgtlrkgatgknlepkstmkkgqkrlekiialgteggmnnfddlftkkeianmatfiqmeppvppemsleqmrshtkeyvapkdyptkpmhglnwknffvvierdagtaaiidgdtkkiithidtgyavhvikgtehhkvdhakdvgrfwytigrdgkvnkidlwqtpdkmlvaetkmaydardiavsgdgkyviaggywpahfvimdavtlnplkvvstrgyntkgefinearvaaiytspltssfivavketgqmlqvdytdlenltitsiasseflhdgffdpsgryfqiaanasnqmvvvdtverkleaiidveslphpgpganwidkkcgpvggtthlgmglvsvwgndpighpaeawklcyevetdgagafirthetsqyvwadqlkhpepevqqsvqvfdkdtheivktirvttepgkaalhmefnndgsevwvsvwnrkdaknptgeivvydaktlkelhrikglttptgkfnvhnrmnhkt
>Pseudomonas_syringae  coded_by=158858..160351,organism=Pseudomonas syringae,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrrmllapllwigaahagatvpssdaaadlyqqhcqschganrfggtgpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmtgyanvfspaqidalvdylqqppatpptwnnddirgshsiladisklpdtpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhidildgdrfdvlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwvslydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktipaigqdgtasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelssagtpdfeprriqaedvlddfsfspdykqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngewvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwasdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefvegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygavwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwssvwsgkeqesavvvvddetrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiaashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthsksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvpndprlvtptgkfn
>Azoarcus_sp._KH32C  coded_by=3930296..3932026,organism=Azoarcus sp. KH32C,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase precursor
mskhgkwlsgamllaslplaisqafaddakkhvdeaeakyqaggspladvdlykdsnpdapkmskaefdkarniyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlsrgseylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgelsddevdlmaryvqqtppqppefnmadmkstwkviippeqrptkkmnnynianifsttlrdsgeialidgdtkkiiniiktgyavhisrisasgrylfvigrdarvnmvdlwmekpdnvaeiriglearsvdtskfkgfedklaiagaywppqfvlmngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfrpeflvnvketgktlmvdysdiknlkmteigsarflhdggwdlskryflvaanqsnkvaaidakegklaglidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgddsialvgtdpekhkqyawkmvdtlksqgggslfikthpksnhlyvdnplhpeskvsqsvavydlknlqagfkvlpigdwaglkddgakrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktlqlktvikdpklitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnadhawqvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindldagfvkipvaecadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdelwisvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgpsleplkivstrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysnmdalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreiealidapkiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpkghkdnawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdnplnpdakisqsvavydindldagyevlptaewadvgegparvaqpeynsagdevwfsvwngkdqtsaivvvddktrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpepcvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvaaivashfkpefivniketgkilmvdysdiknlkvttieaerflhdggfdsskryfltaanarnrvavidtkesklvtiidtegqtphpgrganlmhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqslealgggslfvkshptsgnlyvdaplnpdaeisasiavfkvseldqeepeytvlpvgewagiaegqprvvqgefnqegteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddrtlelkkvikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivsshykpefivnvketgkilmvdysdirnlkvttieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanarnkvavidtklskliamietegltphpgrganlmhpvygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdhawkvvqqlealgggslfvkshptsghldvdaplnpdaeisasvavfkvadmgqeepeytvlpigewagiaegqprvvqgefnqagneiwfsvwngkdkesaivvvddktlelkevikdprlitptgkfn
>Cupriavidus_pauculus  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Cupriavidus pauculus,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrate reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashyrpefvinaketgkvlmvdysdlknlktttidsakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkiavvdtkedrlaalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpvknkasawkvvqtlkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdtklnqsvavfntqkleggyeilpiaewanlkgegakrvvqaeynkagdevwfsvwgtkdqesalvvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghilmvdysdlknlkvtaieadrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavldinnldkgyevvpigqmsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlkplkivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivnsketgkismvnysdlnnlksttidsarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklvalvdvsktphpgrgsnfvdpkygpvwatghlgdeaisligtdpvkhkkeawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikshpksnnlwidttlnpdakvsqsvavfdirnldkgyevlpigewagiddgakrivqpeynkkgdevwfsvwsakdkasaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfirthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfirthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlnnlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklagmvdvgktphpgrganfvdtqngpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhqgkawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkgfemlpigewaglgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>Rhodothermus_marinus_DSM_4252  coded_by=745196..746893,organism=Rhodothermus marinus DSM 4252,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mkgyrliglalglllgtwglvigcrqpesasdgqgvpaeeislteeefarakqlffnycagchgttrrgatgphllpeapegstypgtrqlgtaaikafitngtpggmpdwgrqgilseeeidllarflqlppppippmnledmraswkvhvpveqrptrpqhnrnwrnfvgvvlrdagkvaiidgdtkelvsiintgfavhilrssasgryfysvgrdgkvtlidlwmdppqmvaeiksaydarsvdvskykgpkgdfidryailggynpphfvildgltleplkiirtsgydvnegafydearvasivashhdplwvvnvketgqiwlvdysgvaqgkvsidvlkaeqflhdggwdhtkryflvaannknkvvvvdvqekeveaivetgrrphpgrganfynptyghlwatghlgdntialiatdpgpnqwkvvkklelpgvgggtlfikthpksrhlwvdrtlnndpelqrtiyvfdtetlelvkelkipesipnaravhlefnqngdevwvsawgrkddpstnailiyddrtlelkqviqgdwlitptgkfnvyntandiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytlmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdiskryfltaanqsdriaivdsrerklvalpevtkiphpgrganitdpeygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpvstnlwvdtplnpepaisqtvavydindlkagfevlpiaewaqlgdgpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaeetgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>Candidatus_Accumulibacter_sp._BA-92  coded_by=53065..54735,organism=Candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-92,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mqkvirnvlmlaalpfamnvafaakaekaaapapaaatptlsaeekaasgktyfercagchgmlrkgatgknlepqnttklgtsrlekimaygteggmpnfddilskkeladmakyvqmpadvppewgmkdmkeswklvvpvaerptkqmnnvnlknvfavtlrdsgevalidgdtkeiwgivktgyavhisrisasgryvhvigrdgrydlidmwyetpkivatmkagyearsvdtskykgyedkyavvgaywppqyaildgetleplklistrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivsshdkpewviniketgmiklvdysdianlkevtinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtkdgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatshlgadvitvigtdpkghpeqawkvvqelknhganslfvkthpnsknlwadaplnpdpelagsvtvynidelgnpdaksevinlaaaadlgktkglqrvvhgeynekgdeiwfsvwtgnktepsaivvvddksrkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_Brachymonas_sp.  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured Brachymonas sp.,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvaaivashyrpeflvnaketgkiymvdytdlnnlksttldaakflhdggfdstgryfltaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesisligtdpvkhkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpdakisqsvavydinkldgkpqivdiaacaklgddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktracktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphsttlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_veronii  coded_by=16370..17824,organism=Pseudomonas veronii,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mkrllllpllwaaaahgtpaedyqrhcaschgvnrigasgpallpeslgrikpeevrkvieqgrpasqmaafapqlsaaqidglanflqqppatpatwneqdihnshtlladlsrlpttpqhhadplnlfvvvesgdhhidildgdtfavldrfpthfavhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwislydlhnlkliaetrvalntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktldtasrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvnevwelsyaaarpsfeprriqaqdvlddfsfspdyrqlvatsrkagggqvidldtghvvtdiplsgmphlgsgtywqrngewvfatpniskgqisvidlktwklikqiptlgpgffmrshansryvwsdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwandgalivydsqtlkeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkvefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgltleplkvvstcgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefivtiketghilmvnyediknlrvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkenklvkliktgvkphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhrdhawqvvqtlegqgggslfikthphssnlyvdtplnpeaeisssiavfnikdldggyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkdgteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdsrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._P482  coded_by=255678..257366,organism=Pseudomonas sp. P482,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrkifalslaslcsalalalptsvgaeqksaaaqpamvttagapdmtqadfdaakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqaylealisygspagmpnwgtsnaltkaqitsmaqfiqhtpptppewgmaetrntwkllvkpedrptrqlstlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskqivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgfedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyediknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannankvavidskerrltalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatshlgdagismigtdplkhpqyawkqvgslkgqgggslfikthpdsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfdidkldagykvlpiaeysgikqgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqteesalvviddktlalkqvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqysimegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgdyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanashkvaavdtqtgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhptygpvwatghlgdavvslistpseerknakykehnwkvvqelampgvgnlfvkthpkskrlwadlpmnperentesvyvfdledlskppvkvnvaqdsglpvtkalrravhpeysedgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktmklkkvitdprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>825,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwldpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcsqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddkarklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Azoarcus_tolulyticus  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Azoarcus tolulyticus,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkrysltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpettrqyawkvvgspqgqgggrlfvkthprsrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cd1-containing nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatlepkriistrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdinnltvttinaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanksdkvaivdskerklvtlvdvdtiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdqawkvvqvvsgqgggslfvknhpnsknlwvdsplnpeakisqsvavfdiddidagyavlpiaewadlsdgpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkkvikgdrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslsvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryyltaanqsnkiavvdsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqngpvwmtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkshhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdvanldapytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlviptgkln
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlviptgkln
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplqvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsqdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvnhpehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynqygdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpanhpdkawqtvrvvqgmgggslfvkshpqssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndidagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpslitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
wppqfaimdgealepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknlpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfivniketgkillvnyedvenlqvttipaarflhdggwdrnkryfltaanksdkiavvdsrerrlealvdvekiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghksdawkavrvmqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfntddpdagfevvpiaawadvgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrkvkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=<1..1443,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
alaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsgprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysvmdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvketgmillvdysdinnlktttinsanflhdggwdaskryflvaanashkvaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfmhpkygpvwatghlgdavvslistpsdkkehakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagnlfvkthpksthlwadmpmnperenaevnyvfdlkdlskppvkidvakdsglpvtkalrravhqeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivayddktlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_PD30  coded_by=complement(258299..259987),organism=Pseudomonas mandelii PD30,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfaltlatlcsslalavshaasaeepaaaaippmvktagapdmsqdefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltqditqsrgqpylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitsmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtyidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhpiygpvwatshlgddgisligtdptkhpqyawkqvgslkgqgggslfikthpkshhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfdidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyediknlkvttieaerflhdggfdasgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvallesggvkphpgrganlkhpkygpvwvtshlgdevvsligtdpenhpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgitegarrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkqivltrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltalldvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnekitligtdpakhkehawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnisqsvavydinnldkghvvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmdqesalvvvddktrklkqvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnveslsvtdigaakflhdggrdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrildgmgggslsvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfvklpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqqsaivvvddktrelkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgqdvdgeyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmirlvdysdlknlkettiesakflhdggwdatkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkakphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhkqyawkvvqelknhgggslftkthpkssnlwtdaplnpepevaesvsvydirnlakgaeviniaklaglpeskaikravhaeynfagdevwfsiwagktepsaivvmddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvklinvgkiphpgrganfehpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdehhkasmwtvvqtlkgqgggnlfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkgfkvlpiaewsgikegprrvvqpeynkagnevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklnrssrtsalspptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyapefvvniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtvavvdtkedklvaliktgtkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkkhkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthptsknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Thauera_phenylacetica_B4P  coded_by=2092..3813,organism=Thauera phenylacetica B4P,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family protein
mipatlfkwaavpvlalamqaafaeapaghgdaalkeyqaggspmadvpmhhdinplaprmsepefekakriffercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltlekgleylkvfikfgspggmpnwgtsgvlndeevdlmaryiqqtppappeyglkemeaswkvvvpveqrptkkmndldlenlfsvtlrddgkialidgaskkivsiletgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinlvdlwmekpdtvaeikvglearsvesskaegwedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmvtgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlenlklkmieaapflhdggfeskhryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegkleklvsvgkvphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpekhpdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpqsknlwvdttlnpeenvsqsvavwdidnidkgyelipigewsgvkegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngadqesaivvvddktrklkavirdpklitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>849,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvvmngdtleplkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashykpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlriteigaarylhdggwdaskryflvaanqshkiavvdakegkllalidvgkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwatghlgdetialigtdpkkhpknawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthprsrrlyvdtplhpdakisqsvavfgidnlpagfkvlpiaewadvgegakrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwnaknqqsaivvvddktlklktvikdarl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysnmnalnvttleaarflhdggwdssqryfltaanqsnkiavvdakereiealvdatkiphpgrganikdpeygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpvknkkhawkvvrilkaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdntlhpdpkvsqsiavydvnnleagykvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwvsvwsgkeqesaivvlddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgqtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghadhafkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdtplnpeeaisqsvavydvknleagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpelvtpigkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhddgwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvkhpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlgagfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlvtptgkfn
>Sulfurimonas_autotrophica_DSM_16294  coded_by=complement(817277..818914),organism=Sulfurimonas autotrophica DSM 16294,definition=Nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mrlnklvtsvaalavvssglfagtshmnvakmfekecqgchgpnheggvgadlrpnkiakknaytlsevilngrpgtamppfnekmnqadaqkmvdylqhfkgkkmsvlsmeavkagwkklndrtallkkyphavdvkkvtdicfvterdaarvvfidgtsgkvlskhpagfavhvtvtnkrqpryaysisrsglvtmfdlaskgqqkiaqvqvgsdsrglavspdgkylmagnyvpggailmdamtleplkvyptssvinmdgdigssrvagiydtpygpyiafalkdaghvyivdyskpnfpivgdipnigkilhdgfenegkeigrylmqasqgsdvmgvvdfktkslvakvytgpgskphpgqgsswyndrygqlyatnsmnvgdvviwdsnwdvvahvrtaggglfvgtsehtpfiwsdnvlggpdnwnkihlinkqtlevdriltvgtkqgtitdpvthkllykwkvptvknkkgkvvvprilhaepanhghwtmvsewnagrigiyeaktgkfvkyikglttptftysiehrqsipga
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
wppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvdnlsvtdigaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidskdrelealvdvekiphpgrganitdpqygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpqhawkvvrildgmgggslfvkshpnsknlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdindleagfvtlpigewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpgivtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlkplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyhpefiinaketgkilvvnykdldnlkitsinaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkigvvdtkedklaalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshfgdetvsligtdpkkhkenawkvvqtikaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeapvsqsiavfdinnlekgfevlpigewagikddgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdktsalvvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkf
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdslkplkivstrgmtvdpqefhpeprvasivasrfgpefivnvketgkinivnykdlknlkvtsidsarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavadtkedklealidvgktphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgdetisvigtdpkkhkanawkvvrtltgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtalhpdpkisqsiavydvnnldkglevlpiaewagvsdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdqqsaivivddktrklkgvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgntleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnfkdtknlqvtiidaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiavvdskertlealvdvakiphpgrganvvdpkygpvwvtsclgddtiaaigtdpvkhkkhawkvvrslkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdvnisqsvavfdldnldkgyevinvaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvilddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM60  coded_by=9468..10958,organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM60,definition=cytochrome c, mono- and diheme variants family
mkrglllpllwvsavagaadpalehaandyrqhcqschganrfggtgpallpeslsrikpdeirsviqngrpasqmagfanvfnpaqidalvsylqqppataptwsndeirgshsmladisklpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagdhhinildgdrfevlarftshfavhggpkfspdgrfvyvasrdgwvslydlhnlkliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvktipaigqdgtasrvsavytapprdsfivalkdvkevwelssagtpdfeprrieaedmlddfsfspdykqllatsrkakggqvidldsgkvvtdiplpgmphlgsgtywkrngqwvfatpniskglisvidfktwklikeiptlgpgffmrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiartlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrhlllsiwatdgamivydsdtleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefvegtsh
>Stappia_aggregata_IAM_12614  coded_by=complement(147541..149256),organism=Stappia aggregata IAM 12614,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
msvaftlglsavgvsaqdkpadhgsgpsaayepsmstlgqlkveipgrkegdpvmtpdeyqnanqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrengyeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgeltdeqvdmmaryillepasppefgmdemrkswkvlvapedrpkekmnaididnlfsvtlrdsgqvalidgetyaihavintgyavhisrisasgrylyvigrdalvnmidlwmeepatvaqikvgtearsietskmkgwedkyaiagsywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmvyddqtyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltalletggqtphpgrganlihptygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdnawkvvqtlyglgggslfvkshpksnhlyvdaplnpdaevsgaiavfnvddltqeepeykvlpivewanvgegqprvvqgefdqageeiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfnvfntradvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>848,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvlmdgptlepikivstrgptvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketgrvllvdysnldalsittldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiavvdsrerkmvaltdvdeiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgnekvtllgtdpehhpqyawkvvqvlrgqgggslfvkthpkshnlwvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfdinnldkgyaalpiaewaklgegtkrvvqpeynavgdevwfsvwnakdkksavvvvddktrklkkvirderl
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>822,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkpikivgtrgytydtneyhpeprvasivashhapewvlnlketgvvllvdyskledgtvtetkinaerflhdggwdstkryflvaanardtisvidtverklvknivtgtkphpgrganwvdpkygrvwatvhlgeglvsiistdpkkkwawtvvreweldgnslfikthpksrwvycdntinqnksnvltifgiknpeaapkeiefdkkvvhmefnkagnevwvslwdndgevvilddkthkvkkrikglhtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkiastrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkilladysnmdaltvttleaarflhdggwdsshryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerkiealvdaseiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtfigtdpknhkenawkpvrtvkaqgggslfvkshpksnnlwidntlhpqtsvsqsiavydinnldagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynskgdevwfsvwsgqeeasaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyavmqgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpesrvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstrryfltaanksdkiavvdskeqrletlidaekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnedvtvigtdpanhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpnsknlwvdtplnpdpkisqsiaafdvdnldggfevlpiaewaglkegamrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdeesaivvvddktrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtydtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefivniketghillvnyndvknlkvtsieaerflhdggfdksgryflvaanarnkvaivdtkegklvdvietggikphpgrganinhptfgpvwvtshlgdevisligtdpekhpqhawkvvqklegqgggslfvkthpksghlyvdtplnpdaeaassvavfkvsdltkkepeykvlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvrnsktqqsaivvvddktlkkkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgaslepikvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivaahyhpefvvnvketgkillvnysdlsnlnvatidaerflhdggfdasgryflvaanarntvavidtkerklvklireddgigvkphpgrganfvhprfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpannpqhawkvvqslegqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdidnldkeyqvipvgewsgisegvrrvvhgeynkagdeiwfsvwnsreqqsalvviddktrklkyvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhreprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerrlvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvsflgtdpvghpdsawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdiddldagfvklpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddksrelkavikdphlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA014  coded_by=204148..205854,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA014,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqdaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvmmdgdtleplkiestrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvdysdldaltvtsldaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanqsniiavvdskdreiealipaekiphpgrganiidpdfgpvwvtsglgneninfigtdpkghpdsawkvvrvipsrgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdntlhpdakvsqsiavydinnldkgfeilpiaewaevgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqvsaivvvddktrklkkvikderlitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgneditliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwavafkesgfvglvdysqpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdlqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpdgrpdvawtvvreitlpsagslfikthpnspwvlfdmtlsttddkqmcaynkntatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqtgtevwvsdwandgavvvldgitlneirritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpenhkehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdttlnpdtkisqsiavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpenhkehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdttlnpdtkisqsiavfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpesvanvketgrilmvdyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatfeplkvvstrgmtydtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefvvnvketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkedklvaliesggvkphpgrganfvhptfgpvwvtshlgdevisligtdpenhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnssnlyvdtplhpeaeiassvavfdvnnldagyevlpigewsgieegvrrvvqgeydkdgkeiwfsvwnskdqesaivvvddktrklktvikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwnmsdlskpvkvinvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwnmsdlskpvkvinvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinrldagfvrlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvflkgdtlepidivstrgntvssgeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshriavvdakdnklvklidvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetiavigtdpanpdvhhqghpesawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkssnlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkpfkvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlvtp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqfvvmngdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshyhpefvvnvketgkiqlvnysdlknlqiteieserflhdggldlskryflvaanardtiavvdlkerklaalikvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgddsisliatdpekypqfawkvvqtlsgqgggslfikthpnsknlwvdtplnpepsiassvavfdldnldkepqvlpigewsgisegvrrvvhpeynrdgtevwfsvwnaknqesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngatlepmqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfivniketgkillinyedirnlevttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdrkltalvdakeiphpgrganivlpdvgpvwvtsalgsaditmigtdpvsnrqhawkaakivqgqgsgslfvkshpnsqnlwvdtplnpdtkisqsvavfdiknlkagfevlpiaewagigddgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrklkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgetleplkvvgtrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedlknlkvteieaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanksnkiavvdskedklaalidvgqiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdqtialigtdpkghpdqawkmvqsidgqgggslfikthptsknlyvdtalnpdtkisqsvavfdinnldkgydvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkaggevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgpslelkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdyrdilnlkittldaalflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsnkvavvdsrerkmtalvdvdkiphpgrganfthptygpvwvtsalgnekvtmigtdpekhrqnawkvvdvlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpdpkisqsiavydtrdlaagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmvydtqefhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkvllvdysdvknlkvtaieaerflhdggldstkryflvaanarhkivvidtktgsltailetggqtphpgrganlshpthgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdkawkvvqtlealgggslfvkshpksdhlyvdaplnpeaeisasiavfkvseldqdepkfktlpigewagiaegqprvvqgehnqagdevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpekhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkiastrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklaamvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydidnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavtkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimegdtlepkkivstrgmtvtsqeyhpeprvaaivgshqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdidnlgittidakeflhdggwdsslryfltaanqsntvvvvdskdrklvarvpvekiphpgrganfihpefgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpdkhakhawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeagisqsiavfdidnldagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgprvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtlepvkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivanhhkpefvvnvketgkvmlanysdlnnlkiteiaaarflhdggwestqryvmmaanqsnkisvidtvegkqaalvevgkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkghkqhawkvvqtlkaqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpdeaisqsiavfdinnldkgfvalpiaqwsglgegakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkiastrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlgvttieaarflhdggwdstlryfltaanqsdmivvvdskdrklaaripvdkiphpgrganfvhseyghvwvtsalgndkitligtdpdkkpqyawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeaaisqsvavfdidnldagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrsrklkkviknprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkiastrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnlgvttieaarflhdggwdstlryfltaanqsdmivvvdskdrklaaripvdkiphpgrganfvhseyghvwvtsalgndkitligtdpdkkpqyawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeaaisqsvavfdidnldagykvlpigewaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrsrklkkviknprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqcvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkilmvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklidvgkiphpgrgansrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpekhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpyrvlpiaewsgvkegprrvvqpefnragsevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvasilgshyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldashryfmvaanarnkiavvdtkegkltalvdtegttphpgrganfthpafgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpekhpdqawkmvdsfaalgggslfikthpksdhlyvdatlnpdaevsssvavfkisamtadadpefstlpigewagipdgqprvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwnskdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvasivaseykpewiinvketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrgahfmhrkfgpfwvtahlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkelaesvavwnmsdlskpvkvinvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatltvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>Natrinema_gari_JCM_14663  coded_by=complement(191630..193462),organism=Natrinema gari JCM 14663,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
msrsespaesiaeqedrikrhlsasreiaerlefddelsfemglpspgrrtfiktsgvvaasaalagcagdddddgpestadeessdeetadaersetvqlaakqyefqpqeirvapnteltieftkatfeenddftmhtfyledpydigpielpentddelidsvtfvtdeegtfdfecsaycgdghaqmngqlyvvpegesvnevdftdmgtlkerheilkeerelaqepqhdldlrdimvvternnasvamidtvndrlmervenvgkaihvhdfhpelpeqtregayvytqsrqgemykidlfdfervavadagtdardiavsrdgnyviggfynpnhlvicdaetmepikripthtvnpdgkslgsrvcslydvpeeglflaglkeggevwlidytqedfpvvatiecgrtlhdgfftedgryfmiasqtdnqmdiidtqarshvaaipmngvphpgpgalypdedlaftthagspsvgvwntetweaekmidvrgsglfirkhehsdyvwadviltdseddayvytidpdtlevdqeidcsqwgaaaaihpefsrdgekvyisvwkgenesilvfdpntgelltqiedllaptgkflgvraegh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnienltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdslkplkivstrgmtvdpqefhpeprvasivasrfgpefivsaketgkinivsykdlnnlkvtsidsarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklealidvgktphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgdetisvigtdpkkhkanawkvvrtltgqgggslfikthpksrnlyvdtalhpdpkisqsiavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagvsdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdqqsaivivddktrklkavirdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyviiegdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdinnlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkpkdakykeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkailnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlkphkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlkvttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidtkkiphpgrganfvhpqygpvwatghlgdavvtligtpsdkpqnakykgnawkvvqevkhigagnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnpereiaesvavwdmgdlskpkkvinvakdsglpatkairravhpeysadgsevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_fluorescens_F113  coded_by=complement(4432080..4433576),organism=Pseudomonas fluorescens F113,definition=NirN
mrigwltpllwigavhgatapepdlalaeqnyqqhcqqchgvnriggagpallpqslsrikpdeirqviengrpasqmaafgavlepaqidgltrylqrppaveptwseddtrrshrlladvaslpdkpqhhadplnlfvvveagdhhvdivdgdrfevlarfashfavhggpkfspdgrfvylasrdgwislydlhnltliaevraglntrnlavskdgrwvlvgntlpgnvvvldardlslvktvatvglngqpsrvsavytapprnsfivalkdvkevwelstgpnpdfvprrieaedylddfsfspdyrqllatsrmaqggqvidldmgrivtdialpgmphlgsgtywkreghwvfatpniskglisvidfdtwkvikqiptlgpgfflrshvnsryawtdvffgpdndaihlidkqtleiahtlrpmpgktaahveftrdgrylllsiwdtdgalivydsntlkeikrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpelivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsykiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwatsafgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>Marinobacter_aquaeolei_VT8  coded_by=3473253..3474767,organism=Marinobacter aquaeolei VT8,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mnlnqaraslntilliagalitgpalaeqaksqntetlylqqcaachgpdrlggmgpallpenlgrlkkaeaeqviregrpatqmagyktilndqqiaaltdfiyqppshelkwgeaeirssrevshpqgslpdepvfeadlmnlflvveigdhhvtlldgdkmepihrfpsrfalhggpkyspdgryvyfgsrdgwitkydiynlkvmaevraginmrniavsadgnyvlaanylphsmvlfdaanlemldfipvendagdssrvsavyaapprssfiaalkdipeaweitvenreakvrrmttdtllddfffdpgyqhligaardgkhgvvidldtgnttaelplpgmphlgsgitweyegrrvmatphfragaisiidmdtweviktlktegpgffmrshensryawadvffgpnadkvhiidkqtleivktlqpepgkvaahvefdrhgeklllsiwdnegaiivydadtleeekripmnkpsgkynvwnkinyeegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyadidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavidskedkltalidvtsiphpgrganlkdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtaigtdpvkhkdhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdtkvsqsiavfdvnnlekgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmngetlepmkvmstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyedvanlkvtqigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganlidpkfgpvwitsalgnekitflgtdperhkdqawkvvrvlsgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdianfeagfkvlpiaewadvgegakrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwngkeqrsalvvvddktltlkavikdprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvtegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlrettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfkhptfgpvwatshlgsdvitligtdpvkhpknawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpkssnlwadaplnpepevaesvsvydlknlskapeviniaklaglpetkavkrtvhaeynaagdevwfsiwagktdpsaivvmddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvtegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivategkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlrettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfkhptfgpvwatshlgsdvitligtdpvkhpknawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpkssnlwadaplnpepevaesvsvydlknlskapeviniaklaglpetkavkrtvhaeynaagdevwfsiwagktdpsaivvmddktrklkhvikdpklitptgkfn
>Marinobacter_sp._EVN1  coded_by=160502..162226,organism=Marinobacter sp. EVN1,definition=nitrite reductase
mrvtkpmikplalavaitslgvmnaqaapkdpdkstmayegtpsavdaesakivrspgapdltdaefekakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergidylkafisygspagmpnwltsgdfdeetvelmakyimheppqppefsladmketwevivppedrpkkqmndldlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgdskevvkiidtgyavhisrmsasgryvlvigrdalinmidlwmeepqtvakikvgmearsvetskykgwedklaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvstqeyhpeprvaaivashaypefivnvketgkimlvnyedmenmnitsidaaeylhdggwdasmryfltaannsnkiavvdaqdrnleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpeghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnaqdkksaivvvddktrklkkvikgdylvtptgkfntyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvvdilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdvdnlsvtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiaivdsldrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpqhawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdvnfsqsiavfgvdnpdagftvlpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpkiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdvdnlsvtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkiaivdsldrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpqhawkvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdvnfsqsiavfgvdnpdagftvlpiaewaelgdgpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpkiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdignldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>Halomonas_cerina  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas cerina,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgqtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkvqlvnyedldalstveidtsrflhdggwdstgryfltaanesnqivvidaqeraleaivdvgkiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatshlgdatvqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtlqgqgggslfikthpesenlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewaevgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvvvddktrelekvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpetrvaaiaashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqaiavydvnnieagfqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvlddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdstgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdstgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdstgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvdhpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvdhpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>834,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpesltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryflaaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpdsanawdvvrvlegqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvnnleagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvkderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqklaalvdvdriphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdnpwkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdiddleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvdysdldslktttleaarflhdggwdsskryfltaannshkvavvdskeqrmtalidvekiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhkkeawkvvqtleaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdakinqsiavfdirnldkpyevlpiadwaqvgdgakrvtqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesaivvvddktrklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfvtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrmvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>Alicycliphilus_sp._B1  coded_by=1026461..1027837,organism=Alicycliphilus sp. B1,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase NirS
mpnwltsgemdekqvdlmaryiqqdpptppewsladakntwkviippekrptkkmnkynidnlfsttlrdtgevalidgdtkeiinivktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeirvglearsvdtskfkgyedklaiagsywppqftimdgntleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnvketgktmmvdysnlnalkmteigsapflhdggwdsskryfmvaannsnkvaaidakdgklagltevgkiphpgrganfihpkygpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkknkqyafkevakltgpgggalfikthpksknlwsdaplnpdpkvsqavvvfdinnldkgyktlpiaewadlpndggakrvtqpeynkagdevwfavwsakdkasalvvvddktlklkkvikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_sp._BAY1663  coded_by=40011..41723,organism=Pseudomonas sp. BAY1663,definition=nitrite reductase
mrkpllaglvagfsllalgvaqaqnnpedkaeaaykgqastidpasaqvvrspgapdlnavefeqakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqergqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnsltkdqitlmakyiqhtpptppewgmaemknswkvlvkpedrpkkqmnnldlanlfsvtlrddgkialidggskkivktidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdakidmidlwakeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskykgyedkyviagdywppqftimdgetlqplqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkillvnykdidnltttsinaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavvdskerklsalvevgkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatshlgdesisligtdpknhpqyawkhvdslkgqgggslfikthpkskhlyldttfhpdanvsqsaavfdidnleagfkvlpigewaglkdgakrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgqedesaivvvddktlklktvikdkrlitptgkfnvhntqydvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplqvvstrgmtvdtkefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdskqryfltaanksnkiavvdsrenkltalidvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgqvwatshlgdetisligtdpeghlkqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksanlyvdtalnpnakisqsvavfnlkdlsapykvlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqqsalvivddktlkkkhviedkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>895,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvkligvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetiavigtdpanpdvhhqghpesawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkssnlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdlknldkphkvlpiaewasikegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktltlkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
rpwppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygavwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvmthpksknlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeyskagdevwfsvcsgkeqesavivvddktrklknviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvaailashfkpefivnvketgkilmvdytdlknlktteieaerflhdggldsthryfitaanargklvvidtkesklvaitetggqtphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpeghedqawkivdsfpalgggslfikthpnskhlyvdatlnpeasissavavfdiskmkgdtdpemvvlpigewagiaegqprvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlqlkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvaaivashakpefvvnvketgkvlmvnyrdldnlqiteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdsrqgrlsglvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpqfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpakhkanawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkssnlyvdtalnpdakvsqsvavfnlkdlskpfqvlpiaewagikegprrvvqpeynragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpkghpkhawkdvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdiknldagyevipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfnhpkfgpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnadhawqvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindldagfvkipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdelwisvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._YS-1p  coded_by=165042..166748,organism=Pseudomonas sp. YS-1p,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA99  coded_by=134066..135772,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA99,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_SG17M  coded_by=complement(1804374..1806080),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa SG17M,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA09  coded_by=complement(703674..705380),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA09,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA045  coded_by=336109..337815,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA045,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA043  coded_by=complement(232877..234583),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA043,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA046  coded_by=complement(575040..576746),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA046,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA047  coded_by=206360..208066,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA047,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS42  coded_by=206442..208148,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS42,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_Z61  coded_by=214438..216144,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa Z61,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA038  coded_by=complement(368568..370274),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA038,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA040  coded_by=complement(7704..9410),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA040,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA048  coded_by=complement(563593..565299),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA048,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA08  coded_by=complement(67056..68762),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA08,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA07  coded_by=85460..87166,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA07,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA06  coded_by=complement(5820..7526),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA06,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DHS01  coded_by=complement(118411..120117),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DHS01,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA05  coded_by=complement(157833..159539),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA05,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA04  coded_by=complement(90962..92668),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA04,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike5  coded_by=complement(570746..572452),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike5,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike7  coded_by=complement(570655..572361),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike7,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LES400  coded_by=complement(570445..572151),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LES400,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESB65  coded_by=complement(570291..571997),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESB65,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike1  coded_by=complement(570367..572073),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike1,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESlike4  coded_by=complement(570227..571933),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESlike4,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PA96  coded_by=complement(571559..573265),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA96,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MPAO1/P2  coded_by=141849..143555,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MPAO1/P2,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MPAO1/P1  coded_by=141786..143492,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MPAO1/P1,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M10  coded_by=38252..39958,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M10,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_IGB83  coded_by=complement(7396..9102),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa IGB83,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ID4365  coded_by=52637..54343,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ID4365,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_152504  coded_by=4337..6043,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 152504,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=82..1788,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase (NAD(P)H)
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_VRFPA04  coded_by=6119023..6120729,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa VRFPA04,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_sp._P179  coded_by=150240..151946,organism=Pseudomonas sp. P179,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LESB58  coded_by=complement(570679..572385),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LESB58,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Burkholderia_cepacia  coded_by=19..1725,organism=Burkholderia cepacia,definition=Burkholderia cepacia nirS, nirM, nirC, nirF, nirD, nirL, nirG, nirH, nirJ, nirE, nirN genes, complete cds
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO579  coded_by=complement(578394..580100),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO579,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_E2  coded_by=complement(75741..77447),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa E2,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB15  coded_by=1106450..1108156,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB15,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_LES431  coded_by=complement(570675..572381),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa LES431,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_SCV20265  coded_by=complement(576772..578478),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa SCV20265,definition=Cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-VE13  coded_by=complement(578394..580100),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-VE13,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-VE2  coded_by=complement(578394..580100),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-VE2,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1  coded_by=complement(578394..580100),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_DHS29  coded_by=complement(8720..10426),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa DHS29,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.2  coded_by=233116..234822,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.2,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL05  coded_by=127130..128836,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL05,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_HB15  coded_by=complement(5668..7374),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa HB15,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA013  coded_by=complement(456521..458227),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA013,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL07  coded_by=201177..202883,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL07,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL18  coded_by=complement(565432..567138),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL18,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA008  coded_by=complement(474740..476446),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA008,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA024  coded_by=complement(563849..565555),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA024,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL25  coded_by=complement(565616..567322),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL25,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_UDL  coded_by=542724..544430,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa UDL,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA012  coded_by=complement(572410..574116),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA012,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA018  coded_by=822633..824339,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA018,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C48  coded_by=complement(56027..57733),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C48,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_62  coded_by=complement(56941..58647),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 62,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C20  coded_by=complement(622254..623960),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C20,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA021  coded_by=complement(572410..574116),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA021,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL02  coded_by=134575..136281,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL02,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.3  coded_by=complement(7517..9223),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.3,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA001  coded_by=complement(528045..529751),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA001,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO581  coded_by=complement(578270..579976),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO581,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.4  coded_by=2344181..2345887,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.4,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA005  coded_by=complement(302880..304586),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA005,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_E2  coded_by=131865..133571,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa E2,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA004  coded_by=complement(312116..313822),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA004,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL15  coded_by=complement(558581..560287),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL15,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C23  coded_by=complement(622254..623960),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C23,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C41  coded_by=227643..229349,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C41,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M9A.1  coded_by=complement(7766..9472),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M9A.1,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA023  coded_by=132347..134053,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA023,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA009  coded_by=complement(528780..530486),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA009,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL03  coded_by=140692..142398,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL03,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL01  coded_by=complement(55808..57514),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL01,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(1692491..1694197),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(578398..580104),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(794685..796391),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(21141..22847),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4333..6039,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=75467..77173,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(21541..23247),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=164195..165901,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=132390..134096,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=61245..62951,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=4385..6091,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(19202..20908),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(187071..188777),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(187912..189618),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=350247..351953,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=28136..29842,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=129063..130769,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=Nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MRSN_317  coded_by=132644..134350,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MRSN 317,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(660689..662395),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(6484518..6486224),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=142754..144460,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=15207..16913,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(56847..58553),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(243508..245214),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH049  coded_by=complement(523245..524951),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH049,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH051  coded_by=complement(565953..567659),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH051,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH050  coded_by=complement(563328..565034),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH050,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS75  coded_by=complement(301526..303232),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS75,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH057  coded_by=complement(283027..284733),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH057,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PAO1-GFP  coded_by=complement(77282..78988),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1-GFP,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH059  coded_by=complement(569567..571273),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH059,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH052  coded_by=complement(476938..478644),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH052,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH056  coded_by=complement(282734..284440),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH056,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3574  coded_by=complement(243780..245486),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3574,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3575  coded_by=complement(243494..245200),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3575,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3581  coded_by=complement(248520..250226),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3581,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3580  coded_by=complement(250635..252341),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3580,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_3576  coded_by=complement(241348..243054),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 3576,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH033  coded_by=complement(56884..58590),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH033,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH031  coded_by=complement(56832..58538),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH031,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH036  coded_by=complement(243701..245407),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH036,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_C2773C  coded_by=444018..445724,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa C2773C,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvvaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnysdienlsvttinaarflhdggwdsshryfltaanqsnkvaivdsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganivdpklgpmwvtsalgnekitaigtdpdkhpdqawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpnssnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavfdvnnldagyqvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkkvikspriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdgrpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdveslaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgkvllvnyadvdnlqvttidsarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrkltalvdvpkiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwstsclgddclavigtdpkgnkdnawkvvrnlktqgggslfikthpnpknlwvdnplnpaaaisqsvavydinnldkgydviriaeaaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrkvkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyaimqgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivtvketghillvdfsdiknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkiaivdtkegtlvdviesegttphpgrganimhptygpvwvtshlgddvvsfigtdpenhpehawkvvqttygqgggslfvkshpksghlyvdtplnpeaeisssiavfkiadltqeepdytvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnqagdeiwfsvwngkeqesaivivndadltlkqvikdprlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_frederiksbergensis  coded_by=187697..189388,organism=Pseudomonas frederiksbergensis,definition=nitrite reductase
mlishkkswairatalctvlaspyvfadqppaqatsqdsprmvktegapdlsqadfdaakeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqpylealitygsaagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrptrqlnnlnlqnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpkeptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltitsidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhplygpvwatshlgdagvsligtdpvkhpqyawkqvgslqgqgggslfikthpqsrhlyvdttlspdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikkgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqedesalvviddktlkvkdvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimngltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqtllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvkhgdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnqygdevwfsvwngkeqksaivvvddktlklkkvindariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpvknadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktpklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvitdgetlkplkimstrgmtvdgdyhpeprvasivatedkpewvvniketgmirlvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkarphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpkeawkvvaelknhgggslfvkthpksknlwadaplnperenaesvtvydinnldkapeiiniaklaglpeskavkravhaeynatgdevwfslwagktepsaivvmddktrklktvikdpklitptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgttvgtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgrillvnysdienltvttidaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanksnkiavvdskerklvtlvdvdeiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtsalgnakismigtdpvnhpdnawkvvdvvngqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdsplnpeaavsqsiavfdinnldagyevlpigkwadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgdrvitptgkfn
>Thauera_sp._Q20-C  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=Thauera sp. Q20-C,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgetlepikvvstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivasltkpewvvnvketgmillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwstghlgdavvslistpsddakfskykehnwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksknfwadapmnpereiaesvfvfdkadlskepvridvakdsglpeskairravqpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpsivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlgnlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldggfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_mandelii_JR-1  coded_by=163162..164817,organism=Pseudomonas mandelii JR-1,definition=Cd1 nitrite reductase
mtaatlfstlamshavgageatpapvkaamvtsagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdittsrgqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkeqitsmakfvqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdtkkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpaeptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyediknlnityidaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrkltslvdvgkiphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgdegisligtdpakhpqyawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdakisqsvavfnidrldagytvlpiaeyagikegamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqsdesalvviddktlklktvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivaseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggfdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdlktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpseeakyakykafnwkvvqevehvpgnlfvkthptskhlwadsaqnsdkelaesvsvwnlsdlskpvktinvfkdsglpatkatrravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkahpksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlkprqimstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgnillvdysnlealsvttlkaarylhdggwdashryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskereiealvdvtkvphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnenvsfvatdpeghpehawtvvrtleaqgggslfvkthpkssnlwidntlhpdpkvsqsvavyniedleagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqvsaivvvddrtrelkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpeflvnvketgktlvvdysdiknlkqieigsarflhdggfdstkryflvaanasnkvavidtkedklvaivetgqtphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetivligtdpvkhpkeawkvvqtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdsplnpeasiassvavfdianldkepvildiggmsgipegvrrvvqgeynkqgdevwfsvwntksqesaivviddktlkvkdvikgkdiitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvhnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtlepqqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdathryfltaanksnkiavvdsrdreltalidvdeiphpgrganfdhpkfgpvwgtsalgnekvtligtdprkhpknawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpksrnlyvdtplhpdakisqsvavydinnldkgyevlpiaewagldegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsdkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdslkplkivstrgmtvdpqefhpeprvasivasrfgpefivnaketgkinivsykdlknlkvtsidsarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklealidvgktphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgdetisvigtdpkkhkanawkvvrtltgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtalhpdpkisqsiavydinnldkgfevlpiaewagvsdgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdqqsaivivddktrklkavirdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdpndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesviviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketgrillvdysdlaslktttldaapflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdetialigtdpakhkkeawkvvqtlkaqgggnlfikthpkssnlwvdtplnpdpkvnqsvavfdidnldagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynsrgdevwfsvwnakdkqsalvvvddktrklkkvikdrhlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyqdidnlkvttieaarflhdggwdskrryfltaanqsnkvavvdsreqklaalvevktiphpgrganirdpkygpvwltsalgdanitllgtdpeghpasawkavrilqgqgggslfvkshpksrnlwvdtplnpdpkisqtvavfdvndleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlqlkkvindarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgttleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskeskltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvigtdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Azoarcus_sp._CIB  coded_by=complement(4015675..4017267),organism=Azoarcus sp. CIB,definition=cytochrome c-type
mksthtlpspvrrvlvlsgllvgaalalhaadsrgaegpaavyqqhcaachgpdrlgatgpallpenlarlrkeeaatvirdgrtatqmlpfgalipqeqiaalvawiytpvvpapswsesdirasriahidpatlpakpvfdadpmnlflvvetgdhhvsvldgdklerihrfpsrhalhggpkftadgrfvffasrdgwitkydlwnlkvvsevragintrnvavspdgkhvavanylphtlvlldgelnllksipvtdrdgktssrvsavyeatprnsfvaalkdvpeiweisydrhvediptgfvhdfkyregafvpgylnprrttladplddffftqdystvlgasregvgqvvhldvrrkiadlaldgmphlgsgiswdwqgrrvmastnlkaaevtvidlkdwsvvkriptrgpgfflrshensryafvdsmmsreakntlqvidkqtleivkelkaapgqtlahieftrdgryalaslwemdgalivydaktleevkrlpmkkpvgkynvwnkisreegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
lywppqyvimkgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyadidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsrerdlealvdvdqiphpgrganildpefgpvwitsalgndkitflgtdpdghpdqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpnsrnlwvdsplnpeeaisqsiavfdienleegykvlpiaqwanlgpgpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpkivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpekawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddrtrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskkdvltalvdvteiphpgrganlkdpkygpvwvtsalgnenitaiatdpkrhkdhawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavfdvknldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlkpmqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrertlvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdaaisqsvavydvsnpeagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpesnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgadlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnarkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgaeiwfsvwngrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnarkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgaeiwfsvwngrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvdysnmdalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdreiealvdateiphpgrganikdpefgpvwitsalgnenmtfigtdpkghkqhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdntlhpdpkvsqsvavydvnnldagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynsagdevwfsawngkdqtsaivvvddktrklkkvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmiydeqtfhpeprvasivashyrpefivniketgkillvdysdiknlkvtsieaerflhdggfdsshryflvaanarnkiavidtkegklvalidsqgqtphpgrganlmhpthgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqqlyalgggslfvkshpnsghlyvdaplnpdaeisasvavfkvadmaqeepeytvlpigewagipegqprvvqgefnqagtevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkrvikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmiydeqtfhpeprvasivashyrpefivniketgkillvdysdiknlkvtsieaerflhdggfdsshryflvaanarnkiavidtkegklvalidsqgqtphpgrganlmhpthgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdqawkvvqqlyalgggslfvkshpnsghlyvdaplnpdaeisasvavfkvadmaqeepeytvlpigewagipegqprvvqgefnqagtevwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkrvikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnadharqvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindldagfvkipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdelwisvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkrysltaanpsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldggfvklpiaewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfnn
>Burkholderia_cepacia  coded_by=7521..9002,organism=Burkholderia cepacia,definition=Burkholderia cepacia nirS, nirM, nirC, nirF, nirD, nirL, nirG, nirH, nirJ, nirE, nirN genes, complete cds
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvivlqnwkplkeiatdgpgflmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Dinoroseobacter_shibae_DFL_12_=_DSM_16493  coded_by=complement(3334742..3336295),organism=Dinoroseobacter shibae DFL 12 = DSM 16493,definition=nitrite reductase protein N
mtpsrllsslavlvalttpaladpaqiyaeecamchggdrlggtgpalipetlsrmrgphlhdviahgraatqmpgfedviseteiaalaewlntplneipawgpeqiaasatmnagyvaapapvwdadpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdswdvldrfetpfavhggpkftpdghfvfvmsrdgwvqkydlwslqevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpqtltilstedlsvarvmdvisksgqtsrvsavyqapqrqsfilalkdapeiwevatdpeadpvyegfvhsrekdmveaiasseglfarrrietaepiddffftpdyrfligaardgahgvvvnlnvgreiaklplpgmphlgsgiswirgdtrvmatphlregklsvidieswevlstietegpgfflrshentpyvwadvffgpnkdvmhvidkqsleivktlrpepgatvahvefdrdgthalvsiweedgavivydaatleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpgprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdpdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhseprvaaivashenpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanlsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiprpgrganlndpesgpvwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdgnpdnawkvvrilegqgggslfvkshpnsknlwvdsplnpdeavsqsvavynvddldagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkyvikgeelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkilvvnytdlenlevtsieaerflhdggfdstgryffvaanarnkvavvdtkeatleaivetqgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdemisligsdpeghadnawkvvatlegqgggslfikthptsrnlwvdtplnpdadiassiavfnldnldagydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqeeesaivivndktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>Candidatus_Competibacter_denitrificans_Run_A_D11  coded_by=complement(78928..80493),organism=Candidatus Competibacter denitrificans Run_A_D11,definition=putative C-type cytochrome (nirN)
mkkrflfaallglagtahaapdpaplfqqhciachgvdrlgglgpallpqnlerlkkaealtvitagreatqmqgfkdklkpeelqaladfiytppavtpqwgeaeirasryepvkpgslpdkpvfsadplnlfvvveagdhhvtildgdkfepihrfpsrfalhggpkftpdgryvffasrdgwiskfdiynlkvvaeiragintrniavsgdgqwvmvanylpqtlvllkaadlslervipvvneagkgsrvsavydaaprksfvaalkdipelwelsydpkaepvfkgyvhdykmgeaiaapgqwtprvtkldailddfffsqdyayvlgaarpadgsdkpapggqvvnldirrkvadlpltglphlgsgiswsylgrpvmatpnlkegtvsvidmkdwkiikdiktagpaffmrshentpyawvdammskdkdtmqlldkntleivktlrpepgktaahteftrdgkyalvsiwendgalvvydaatlkevkrlpmrkpvgkynvynkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdgtialigtdpkmhpqyarkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplvvhsvegntydtnepldevrvasiiashfapvwvmalkesghvaivdysqpdfpvtsripterflhdggwdhtgryflvaandrnrmavidvqdqelvttfetgikphpgrganwedpefgwvnatthigqgllavygadpvnnpdhawkvvreievpgtgslflkthpnspwvwmdtplnnnpegtrqvcvyskadaelercmtvadhgavvhfeyneagdevwisvwdrqgeivifddatltekrritgdwlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pqyivfdgltleplsitsvegntydtdepleevrvaaviashddpiwvvtlkesghvaivdysqpgfpmvsripaerflhdggwdhtgryfivaanmrdkmavvdvqekelvttfetgikphpgrganwedpeygwvnatthigqgllavygadpvnhpehawqvvrnvqlpgtgslflkthpnsqwvwmdmpmnndpegarkicvyskakgelencwtaadrgqivhfeynragtevwvslwnrqgeiiiyndetlqearritgdwlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqkyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdreleelidvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdeavsqsvavfdvgdlaagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagsevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrtlkhvikvpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdslkplkivstrgmtvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkifmvdysdlenlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkesklagmvnvgktphpgrganfidpqygpvwatghlgdetialigtdpvkhkknawrvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplhpdakisqsiavydidkldqgytmlpvgewsglgegakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivivddktrklkavikdarlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkgqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgdtlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnrlavidsrdrrlvalpevtqvphpgrganitdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpgnnpdhawkavrvlagqgggslfvkshphssnlwvdtplhpdtaisqsvavfdvndlgagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvdgktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdlnalsvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakereiealvdapkiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsslgnenmtfigtdpvnnpkhawkvvrtlkaqgggslfvkthpksnnlwvdntlhpdpnvsqtiavydinnldagykvlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepiklvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkipypgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Natrinema_gari_JCM_14663  coded_by=complement(83121..84380),organism=Natrinema gari JCM 14663,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
mseqlaastvrppsfremaleaiadsretrseervlpdaprhgvtdlrdllvvaerrpgsvslvdttrhecvgridgvgraphsivfhrqlpandregayayvqsrqgwvskldlfggelvariragtsgraiaisagsafliagyynpnhavildadtleplhripahavdadgqsiasrictvrdvpgercfllvlkdagtvwfvdygepefpivdeidvgrvlhdgvfspddryfylasqaedclyvldvrqrtvvgrvptagpphpspgalderrglgimgtvmtdavtawdletwepiadvripghgmfctahpdseyvwgdvvfddtdrdndgfiyqidpdelvvstvidttewadgrslhpeftrdgdhvyvscwdagtllvfnsstgaftaaidgmetptgtflgdratep
>Halomonas_alimentaria  coded_by=<1..>847,organism=Halomonas alimentaria,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgqtlepkkivatrgmtvgeqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkvrlvnyenldalstveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganxvdpehgpvwatshlgdatiqligtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpneaisqsvavydindleagydvlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmddtsaivvvddetrelkhvikder
>Halomonas_shengliensis  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas shengliensis,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgqtlepkkivatrgmtvgeqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkvrlvnyenldalstveidtsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdatiqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtlqgqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpneaisqsvavydindleagyevlpiaewadvgegpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmddtsaivvvddetrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlnplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedignlkittigaarflhdggwdstrryfmtaanqsdeiavvdsrtqklaamvdvdkiphpgrganfvhptcgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpdkhpshawkvcevllgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdtplnpdpkasqsiavfdignlksgfkvlpiaewanlgegpkqvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngktqrsalvvvddktrklkavlndkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdshdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpefgpvwatsalgnenitliatdpannkehawkvvavlkgmgggslfvkthphstnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgftleplkvvstrgmvfdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivnvketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvalietgvkphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdidnleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwngkdqesalvivddktrklldvvrderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgftleplkvvstrgmvfdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefivnvketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvalietgvkphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpekhpdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdidnleagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwngkdqesalvivddktrklldvvrderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvalpigewaelgegpkrvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelktvikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkvllvnyadvdnlavttidaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrtlvamvdvpkiphpgrganfndpkygpvwatsclgddclavigtdpkgnkdsawkvvrnlktqgggslfikthpksknlwvdnplnpataisqsvavydinnldkgydvmriaeaaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrkvkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvtkiphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpegnadhawqvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvifdgqtleplkvepvltptydtqeelqevrvasivashfdplwvvslkesghvalvdyskpdfpmvakipterflhdggldqsgkyfmvaanmrdqmvvvdlekkemvtkfetgikphpgrganwqdpefgwvnatthlgegkmtvygadpvgspdhawtvvreiaapasgglflkthpesdwvwfdsplaadeemtrqicvyskskaevekcwqptdrgrtvhfeynrqgtevwvsgwdrkgqiiiydddsleeiarldddwmvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyapefivniketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgikphpgrganfvhqkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkknkqyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_soil_bacterium  coded_by=complement(<1..>880),organism=uncultured soil bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase S
latahakddmqagaqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtpvgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlksvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgpyllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaifa
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M18  coded_by=complement(563253..564734),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M18,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrlidlalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvmmegetlkplkivstrgmtidneyhpeprvasilgshynpefvinaketgkiylvnykdlnnlrittidaakflhdggvdstgryfmvaanasdkiavvdtkedkltamvnvgktphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetvsmigtdpvkhkdqawkvvdtvkgqgggslfikshpksknlwvdtplhpdakvsqsiavydindlhkgfevlpiaewanvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwlsvwnakdkvsaivvvddktrklktvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgatlepkkivstrgmtvtkqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdvenlgittidakeflhdggwdstlryfltaanksntvvvvdskdrkliakipvdeiphpgrganfthpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtligtdpdkhpnyawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpkshnlwvdtplnpepkisqtvavfdiedlnagykvlpigewaqlgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrtlkkvikgpriitptgkst
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=146440..148146,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmqaaaqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndtsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(142675..144381),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmqaaaqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndtsalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegetlkplkivstrgvtvdgeyhpeprvasivssmikpewviniketgqillvdysdiknlktttvesakslhdggwditkryflvaanasnkiavvdtkegklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvitligtdpeknpqsawkvveelkhhgagnlfvkthpkstnlwadapqnpekdiaesvavydindlskkpeiinvaklaglpeskatkratqpeyneagdevwislwagktepsaivvlddktrklkavvkdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardpiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepvkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefivtvketghilmvnyedvknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkddklvaliesggikphpgrganivhpefgpvwvtshlgdeivsligtdpdghpeqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnsknlyvdtplnpepelassvavwnvddleagyevlpigewsgitdgvrrvvqgeynkegteiwfsvwnskdqesaivvvddktrqpvavirderlitptgkfn
>Achromobacter_sp.  coded_by=complement(176275..177834),organism=Achromobacter sp.,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mhtkllsaallfvsagaawsaptgeylkanqlfqqncavchgadrggyiapgltsdrlvqseaalrgtimtgipdtlmppfvgrlsdeeiralarliktqtaddpkwgldqirasvqvvvdeatlpakptyaidtvydlmvvmargrygrgdagnnartvfldgktnkvvgeiatpvaphimdfspvaerwawlksddgmvykidlytlqivrkakvgltgpgialsndgkwlaissfvpksvailkadtlepvkymdlegedpdgkfvksaggpvigsrinnkfaltlrqagqiwiidpdkpdmpvtkltkvgrmlhdtfltpdgrysmvasyddnkivaidfkddkvvrdipagcqphvgsgavtevngrflafgtnigtcakgsvvtvwdtkdfsvvkqipvagatespaahpnapyvavdivdkdkraawiqlidkntlevaktldvgghaffpdynrtgnylyvssgywgdrikiydsktlelvaehkmespsgifsrartrwltiglsetrkf
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashfkptfivnvketgkilvveykdiknlevteiaaarflhdggfdaskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkeeklvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesitligtdpekhpkqawkvvqtlqgqgdgslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgvgegvrrvvqgeynkqgdeiwfsvwnakdqplaivvvddktrklkhvikdqrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvasalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqelaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>826,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpsagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgaivvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_bauzanensis  coded_by=147865..149358,organism=Pseudomonas bauzanensis,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrlistllfsmtlpvaaladassvpdvamlyqtqcqschgvnrlggtgpallpeslgrikpeevrkviqdgrpasqmaafgtllngedidalvsylytpaevpptwqdadirashrlfadpgqlpdspqhtadplnlfvvveagnhhvrildgdsfeeltrfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwiskydlhnltmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvvldardlslvkpiptvgsdgtpsrvsavytapqrdsfvvalkdvqevwelsyagqpdfaprriiaadylddfsftpdyryllatsrkakggqvidldtgkaltdiplpgmphlgsgiywqrdgkwvfatpnisqglisvldldtwelikeiptegpgffmrshenspyawtdvffgpnndaihlidkqtlevahtlrpvpgrnaahveftrdgkylllsiwdedgallvinsetleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkigfvegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgdtlkplkvvstrgvtvdgdyhpeprvasivssfikpewvvnvketgqillvdytnienlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpseekknakfkeynwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadsaqnpdkdiaesvtvwdmadlskpkvmlnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddetlkvkkvitypkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttigsakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiptpgvvpnfvhpqfgpvwatghlgadvltlistpsedpkhkqfkqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpetkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgvtphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstcgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasilashykptfivnvketgkilvveykdiknlevteiaaarflhdggfdsskryflvaanasdkvavvdtkeeklvalidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpekhpkqawkvvqklagqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpgaeiassiavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaeynkqgdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgptleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpdfivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyediqnlktttvgaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqkltamidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatsalgndkitligtdpakhkdsawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlwvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdtgnleagyqtlpiadwanlgegpkrivqpeynaagdeiwfsvwngkdqksalvivddrtlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedienlkvtsidaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskedklvalvdadkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtsalgnenitligtdpeghadsawkavevlkgqgggslfikthpestnlwvdtplnpdegisqsvvvfdinnldagyevvpiaewadigegpmrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwngveqpsalvivddktrelkavikdeglvtptgkfn
>Halomonas_fontilapidosi  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas fontilapidosi,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgqtlepnrivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshqhpefivniketgkvqlvnyedldalstveietsrflhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidalereleeivdvgkiphpgrganfvdaehgpvwatshlgdntisligtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdindleagyevlpiaewadvgegvkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvvvddttrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimngdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedlnnlqvktidaarylhdggwdathryfltaanqsvkiavvdskerklvaltdvdkiphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkitflgtdpekykanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpksqnlwvdaplnpdpkisqsiavfdvknldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynvagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdstpchppgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdstpchppgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysgidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvksrpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstrryfltaanksnkvavidskediltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstrryfltaanksnkvavidskediltalidvteiphpgrganihdpkfgpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesrnlwvdsplnpdtgisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegprrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyrpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpngnpdkawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndldagfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelravikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>884,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvtegdtlkplkimstrgmtvdgeyhpvprvasivategkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlrettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtktgklaalvntkpkphpgrganfkhptfgpvwatshlgsdvitligtdpvkhpknawkvvaelknhgsgslfvkthpkssnlwadaplnpepevaesvsvydlknlskapeviniaklaglpetkavkrtvhaeynaagdevwfsiwagktdpsaivvmddktrklkhvikdpkpitptgkfnegq
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>875,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgaaleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedienlkvttigtarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvvvidskndtltamvdvteiphpgrganiadpeygpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthphsknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkkviqdkrlitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=138820..140526,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplagtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgilrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnidnltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndidagfkvlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>Aliiroseovarius_crassostreae  coded_by=163085..164656,organism=Aliiroseovarius crassostreae,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mtrnissfkrsrawlvglgalvlsgtasadpvadykeycadchlenrlgaagpalipetlkrmrgpkieaviregrvatqmpgfgddlsdeqikalaeylkspldkippwgkaeimasrvmnedyvaapapvwksdpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtferldrfatpfavhggpkfspdghyvfimsrdgwvqkydiwslqevgrvraglnsrniamsgdgkwlavasylpnsltilstedlsvaevhevvgkdgtpsrvsavyqappresfvlalkdvpeiwevsyaeypdmnyfagglahdwkiegpapqetkfpirrittpdflddfffdqsyeyvmgasregtgglvidlvigqkvadldlpgmphlgsgitwkrgdrtvmatphlrdgtvsvidmeswetvkqiktegpgffmrshenspyvwadvffgpnkdkmhiidketleivktlqpvpgatvahveftkdgshalvsvwedkgevliydaktleivnrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvivdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrilngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdtenladgyevipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhpqhawkvvrvlrgqgggslfvkthpksnhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsvavfdindleagykvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnasgdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitliatdpvnhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpestnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdinnldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktrklkavlddprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedienlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvekiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdvnnldagferlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynqagdevwssvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Methylomonas_methanica_MC09  coded_by=complement(4432517..4434097),organism=Methylomonas methanica MC09,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mkktitkrlnqsllavsittllssgvamaksddmhqlyedncaschgsdhggylapalnsetlkgrsptalrtivmagsfdtlmppfygklnddqirgvikhlqatpkqpnpawtladmkkslkvyvkdestlpdkptykidnidnligvaargkygrgegsraifinstthqkvgeiptgvaahiidfnpanprwayvktdtaeifkvdlysmqatrsiktgyngpgmgvsrdgkyimagsfvphnavildadtleplktfelegvdpdgkmvssdsgmiigtpyadifaialenagqvwivdykedgfpvtkiekvgrhlhdaflthggkklmvasyddsivaaidleerklikqlpagcvphvgggsavkvdgrtlgfgtnfgdcdkmvvsvwdldkmevvkqipvsggtespaahanapyvavdiiskdrrartvqlidkktlevvktldvgghayfpeysadgkflyisagyngdevvvydsntlqkvasvpmespagifsrgrvkymtrglspdemeqsk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtadtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpdghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagydvvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfpvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrpalvvvddktlklkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
sywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksqhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrpalvvvddktlklkaviddprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
llapqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstaaspstrrnttrnprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpikhkeqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfiktnpksrnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinhldqglqmlpigewaglgdgakrivqpeynragdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnsanlwvdaplnpdesisqsaavfdvnnldagfvtlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdatkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhgdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._TTU2014-096BSC  coded_by=16938..18458,organism=Pseudomonas sp. TTU2014-096BSC,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrliyallaaaalpaatfvaldmaipraaaaqtidahalyqqhcqschgvdrlggagpallpeslgrikpdearkvirdgrpasqmaayspllddsqidslvsylyrpsavpptwsdadirashrmladvaklpdspqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrilegdgftelarfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsfydlhnltmvaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgldgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyagesdfvprrieaadflddfsftpdyshllatsrkahggqvidldtrkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrggewvfatpnvskglisvldmrswklikeiptegpgffmrshehskyawtdvffgpsndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftkdgkhlllsvwdtdgalivydsdtleeikripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqytimdgdtlepqkivstrgmtwdtqefhpeprvasivashyrpefiiniketghilmvdysdlknlkvtdieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpeaelassvavfdinnldkgyvtipigemsgitegvrrvvrgeynkdgteiwfsvwngrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvativashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwgaskryfltaannsdriavvdsrerklvglpevtkiphpgrganiedpqygpvwvtsalgnhnitflgtdpeghaghawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtalnpdtaisqsvavydinnldagfevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrklkavikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtydeqlyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnvketghvmmvnyadienlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarntvavvdtkenqlvalietgdkphpgrganfehpeygpvwatshlghetialigtdpeghpdhawkmvqslegqgggslfikthpnsrnlyvdtplnpeaelassiavfdlddldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqpefnrdgtevwfsvwnakdqesalvvvddatrqlkqvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvkgtghillvdysdidniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvyktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpeghpdnawktvrviqgmgggslfvkshpdssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndieagfaklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklaalvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklaalvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklaalvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklaalvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgstleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgrillvnysdienlstttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanasnivavidskerklaalvpvdeiphpgrganfihpefgpvwvtsalgndkitligtdpakhqqhawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdtplnpdgkisqsiavfdirdldagykvlpigewaklgpgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqteesaivivddktrklkkvikgpkvitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivaphehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigtarylhdggwgsthryfmtaanksnkvvvidskndtltamvdvteiphpgrganiadpeygpvwitsalgnenvtaiatdpasnpehawkvvrtlkgmgggslfvkthphsknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsvavfdidnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrviqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>889,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkqivstrgmtvdtseyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyediehlsvttipaarflhdggwdvthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerelealidvdkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwgtsalgnqkisliatdpekykdhawkvvqvlegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqtvavydinnldkgyevipiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfneraipa
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinalrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdsrtqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpqhgpvwatsalgnekvtlvgtdpeqhkanawkavrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtplnpdtkisqsvavfdttnldapfkvlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvivddktlqlkaviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>902,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmifgtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlkvteieaerflhdggfdstkryfltaanargkiavidtkegsltallesggttphpgrganlmhptygpvwatshlgddtvaligtdpeghpdqtwkmvqqlyalgggslfvkshpnsnhlyvdaplnpeaevsgsvavfnvddltqeepeytvlpivewagiaegqprvvqgefnkagdeiwfsvwnardlksalviindktlelkhvikdprlitptgkfnegqfqh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdgdevwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkilmvnyedvdnlkvttigaarylhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavvdskeskltalidvtkiphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnenitvietdpvkhkehawkvvrilkgvgggslfvkshpksdnlwvdaplnpdagisqsigvfdvnnldkgfeilpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivatrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefflnvketgmvysvdyrdlnnlkikmieaapflhdggfesshryfmdaanasnkiavidtkdgkleklvevgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesitligtdpvkhpdnawkvvrtlkgmgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpeanisqsvavydvnnldkgyelipigewsgmdegpkrvvqpefnktgnevwfsvwngkdqesaivivddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>860,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
pqfvmmdgdtlkplkivstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashynpefvvnaketgkiyivnykdldnlkttvldaakflhdggfdstgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisligtdpvkhkpqawkvvetlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtprhpdakvsqsvavydinnlgkgfevlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwnakdktsavvvvddktrklktvikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtlepqkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivdvketgkvllvdysnpkaitettleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskereltalidvteiphpgrganfidpefgpvwatsalgnanitligtdpvkrgkkhawqvvrtlrglgggslfvkthpksknlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnpeagyeqlpiaewanlgegakrvvqpeynkqgtevwfsvwngldqrsalvivddktrklikviddpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvsnqeyhpeprvaaivsshahpefiinvketgkillanyedldnmnitsidaaeflhdggwdgsmryfmsaannsnkiavvdaqdrnlealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwatshlgdqtiqmigtdpdghpdkawkvvrtvdgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdtalnpaeavsqsvavfdinnfdagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntsdknsaivvvddktrelkkvikgdymvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_138244  coded_by=complement(23722..>25222),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 138244,definition=c-type cytochrome
qprgrrmrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Rubrivivax_benzoatilyticus_JA2  coded_by=50474..52108,organism=Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2,definition=cytochrome d1 heme region
mrrasrwrlsaagrpnmrnravklllaaavvwagwdvalaqpvaepaapalytthcaachgaqrtggmgpallpeslerlrpaearkviaqgrpatqmagfaatlsaaeidalaawvyqpvnpapawseadirasreetpgaarlpakpvwradpmnlfvvveggdhhvslvdgdrfelihrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvyfgsrdgwitkydlwnltvvaevraglnmrniavsgdgrwvmaanylpktvalfdadlklvktiaaqtldgkqasrvsavydaaprksfvvamkdipevweisydpkaepihdglvhdykmgeaiatpgfqnprrtvldeplddfffdqgyrhvlgatrpkadgqgasaqvvnldirrkvadlpiagmphlgsgitfawngttvlaspnlkggaidvidmktwkpvktiptpgpgffmrsheatpyawadsmmsptakdtltlidkatltpvatirepgrtlahieftkdgryalasvweldgalvvydaktlkevkrlpmskpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimngdtleplkivsargmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvnrpdkawktvrildgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndleagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrqlkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimngetleplkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyedldnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidsrdqelealvdvdkiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnekvtflgtdpkkhaqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdirnpdagfkvlpiaewakvgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktltlraviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimngetleplkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpewivnvketgqillvnyedldnlkvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidsrdqelealvdvdkiphpgrganlvdpefgpvwvtsalgnekvtflgtdpkkhaqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpkskhlyvdtplnpdpaisqsvavfdirnpdagfkvlpiaewakvgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktltlraviddkrivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvklidvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetiavigtdpanpdvhhqghpesawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkssnlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkpfkvlpiaewsgikdgprrvvqseynkagdevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgftlepkqivptrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnysdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnknkdhawkvveilhgmgggslfikthphstnlwvdaplnpdakvsqsiavfdiknldkgfemlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktevsalvvvddntrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepqkvvstrgmtwdtqeyhpeprvasivashynpefiinvketghilmvnysdlknlkvtaieagrflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgttphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhkdnawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaelsssvavfdinnldkgyvtipigelsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsrtqesaivviddktrklkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnikdtgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkshryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidameiphpgrganfnhpkfgpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkgnkkhawkvvevlkgmgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdinnldkgfemlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkehesavvvvddktrklkkvikgdrmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfiinvketghillvdysniddlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaltdvyktphpgrganledpeygpvwvtsalgnadvtflgtdpdgnadnawqtvrvlqgmgggslsvkshpdstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldggfdvlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepmtivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyqdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgdenitliatdpannkehawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthphstnlwvdtplnpdekisqsvavydinnldqgyevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkehesavvvfddktrklkkvikgdtlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnveetgkillvnyedlenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdpplnpdpaisqsvavydtgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesalvivddktlklkkvikheklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfdldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrevkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniedlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdshdrelealidvektphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpqsnpdhawdavrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvnnlgagfetlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrslkavikgpemitptgkft
>Pseudomonas_sp._GM41(2012)  coded_by=complement(353220..354908),organism=Pseudomonas sp. GM41(2012),definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mlisnrktfaltlatlcsslalavshaasaeepaaaatppmvktagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqsrgqpflealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitvmakfiqhtpptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltvtyidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpakhpqyawkqvgslkgqgggslfikthpksrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnldkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqadesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=7269..8867,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=heme d1 biosynthesis protein NirN
mrrralklllaaavvwigwdvahaqaasepaaalaapvlytthcaachgaqrtgamgpallpeslerlrpaearkviaqgrpatqmagfadklsaaeidalaawvyqpvnpapawseadirasreetpgaaklpakpvwradpmnlfvvveggdhhvslvdgdrfevihrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvffgsrdgwitkydlwnltvvaevraglnmrniavsgdgrwvmaanylpktvalfdaelklvktipaqtldgkqasrvsavydaaprhsfvvamkdipevweisydpkaepihdgyvhdykmgeaiatpgflnprrtvldeplddfffdqgyrhllgatrpkadgqgasaqvvnldirrkvadlpiagmphlgsgitfgwngttvlaspnlkggaidvidmktwkpvktiptpgpgffmrsheatpyawtdsmmsptakdtltlidkatlspvatirepgktlahveftkdgryalasvweldgalvvydartlkevkrlpmskpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>Rubrivivax_gelatinosus_IL144  coded_by=681961..683559,organism=Rubrivivax gelatinosus IL144,definition=heme d1 biosynthesis protein NirN
mrrralklllaaavvwigwdvahaqaasepaaalaapvlytthcaachgaqrtgamgpallpeslerlrpaearkviaqgrpatqmagfadklsaaeidalaawvyqpvnpapawseadirasreetpgaaklpakpvwradpmnlfvvveggdhhvslvdgdrfevihrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvffgsrdgwitkydlwnltvvaevraglnmrniavsgdgrwvmaanylpktvalfdaelklvktipaqtldgkqasrvsavydaaprhsfvvamkdipevweisydpkaepihdgyvhdykmgeaiatpgflnprrtvldeplddfffdqgyrhllgatrpkadgqgasaqvvnldirrkvadlpiagmphlgsgitfgwngttvlaspnlkggaidvidmktwkpvktiptpgpgffmrsheatpyawtdsmmsptakdtltlidkatlspvatirepgktlahveftkdgryalasvweldgalvvydartlkevkrlpmskpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpeyivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdsreqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqngpvwmtsalgnekvtlvgtdpekhkanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkshhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdvanldapytvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkaviddpriitptgkfn
>Paracoccus_denitrificans_PD1222  coded_by=2511314..2512768,organism=Paracoccus denitrificans PD1222,definition=cytochrome d1, heme region
mirptaffslllalpltahadpaadyaehcaachgedrlggtgpalipetlgrvrgidtviaqgrvstqmegfadrlspesitalvdyvtapldhrpdwsaeqiaasremnpdyqpaekpvfaadplnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfevlarfatpfavhggpkfspdgrfvyimsrdgwvqkydiwslaevgriraalnsrniaispdgqriavanylpesltildsdlnplrliatqvdgtpsrvsavyqapqrhsfvlalkdapeiwevattdlsirripideplddfffspdyrqliganrdgdkgvaidlddghkvaelplpgmphlgsgitwerdgrrvmatphlgegvlsvidmqdwslvkqiktsgpgfflrghatspyvwadvffgphkdemhvidkqtleivktlapfpgqtfahseftrdgshvlvslwedegavviydaktldevkrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfedgtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvapeeyhpeprvasivgshyhpeflvnaketgkimlvnysdlknlktstidaarflhdggfdstgryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegklagmvdvgktphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsisligtdpakhkdqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinsldkgfetlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynktgdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavadakdnklvklinvgkiphpgrganfehpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdehhkasmwtvvqtlkgqgggnlfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkgfkvlpiaewsgikegprrvvqpeynkagnevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklkqvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdnpkfkqykqynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpekalaesvavwdmadlskpkkvinvakdsglpetkaikravhpeysadgtevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktlavkkvitdpkmitp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashefpefivnvketgrillvnyedldnlsvttldaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrqmealidvdkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatsalgnekitligtdpeghkdhawkvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksthlyvdtplhpdpkisqtiavfdinnlaagfkvlpiaewaklgpgpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktlklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlkplkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashyhpefivniketgkillvnyenldalrvttidaerflhdggfdstgryfitaanarntvavidtkdqklvklvteedgigikphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvqsleamgggslfvkthpksknlyvdaplnpeadisssvavfdvtdlskpyvvlpigdwsgltegvrrvvqgeynkqgtevwfsvwnskeqesaivvvddktrklkkvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_ATCC_700888  coded_by=complement(1414..3120),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 700888,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmqemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_X13273  coded_by=complement(523155..524861),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa X13273,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmqemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_S54485  coded_by=complement(531723..533429),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa S54485,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmqemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL21  coded_by=complement(532834..534540),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL21,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmqemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Halomonas_sp._PBN3  coded_by=complement(44088..45641),organism=Halomonas sp. PBN3,definition=hypothetical protein
mrllplllttvlallpvavsaetvtetlyrthcaachgedrlgglgpallpgnlsrlkpaaaeavirdgraasqmpgfadqleddqiaslaewiyrepeveprwgrdeilashrvhhpdgtlpdvprfdadplnlfivvetgdhhatlldgdtfepihrfatryalhggpkytpdgrhvffgsrdgwitkydiynmevvaevraginmrniavsadgryvmaanylphslvlfdahnldlmkvypavgengessrvsavyaapprgsfiaalkdieevweipwplptepvvstghmatplaprrshdtpnfrvrripvpdylddfffdldyrhvigasrggeggmvvdlesgekvadlplegmphlgsgitwehegrrvmatphltraavsiidmtsweviktletdgpgffmrshanspyvwadvffgpnrdrvhvidkqsleivetlipepgktaahvefdrygeklllslweddgavivydaetleeearipmskpsgkynvwnktryeegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmeaetlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpesltvteigaarflhdggwdatkryfltvanqsdkiavidsherklvaltdvtkiphpgrganivdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqshpdhawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdtplnpdatisqgiavydvknlaagyevlpigewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmeaetlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpesltvteigaarflhdggwdatkryfltvanqsdkiavidsherklvaltdvtkiphpgrganivdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqshpdhawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdtplnpdatisqgiavydvknlaagyevlpigewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrsanfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrivqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfne
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=complement(23650..25191),organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mplrplslaltlalpgaaladaaadyaehcaachaenrmggtgpalipetlgrvkgldaviahgrpstqmagfegtlspeqiaglvafikspvaevpawgapeiaasrvmaedytpadkpvfsadpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdsfevldrfptpyavhggpkfspdgryvfvmsrdgwvekydiwslkevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpqtltildtatlepvkvievkakdgtpsrvsavyqapdrksfilalkdapeiwevatspdagpyedgyvhsyeagakesfgaqaglfarrripiaeplddfffdpgyrnligtnregtkgvvinlvsggkvaelplpgmphlgsgitwdrnghkvlatphlnegvlsvidmsdwslvkqiktdgpgfflrshetspyvwadvffgphkdemhiidkqtleivktlnpapgktvahteftkdgryalvsvwedegavivydaktleevkrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkihfeegtsh
>Ruegeria_atlantica  coded_by=24831..26384,organism=Ruegeria atlantica,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mirrisssktlklgtlcsllligtawadapsdyaefcaschgenrlggvgpalipetlkrmrgprvaaviaegrtatqmpafsheldalqieelagwlksplesdpewgeadimasrildenyvaveapiwdsdpmnitlavetgdhhvsvldgdtfevldrfetpfavhggpkfspdgryvfimsrdgwvqkydiwaleqvgrvraglnsrniamsgdgkwvavanylpnsltllstedlsvvkiidikskkgkpsrvsavyqappresfvlalkdvpeiwevfyganppqfgighdfriegqfknpdpfpvrkittpdylddfffdqsyeyvmgasrggeggqvidlvigqkvtdldlpgmphlgsgitwrygdttvmatphltdgtvsvidmetwktvkriktegpgffmrshenspyvwadvffgpnkdamhvidkqsleivrtlrpapgktvahveftkdgshalvsiweddgavivydaqtleevrrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaadqsdkiavvdsrerdlealvgvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpeqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdiedldagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Halobiforma_nitratireducens_JCM_10879  coded_by=complement(32543..34405),organism=Halobiforma nitratireducens JCM 10879,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mseserpsddvetteerierikkayamkaddaeelgikdrmdfpewvdldvperrrflagtaaagtaaiagcmgdedpadeddeaedgdddedepvdddaevhefemtayqygfepqeihvpegdivhidfiestfeenpdfelhdwhlldpydehvvlpedtdpdtvtesiefvadepgrhlyectlycgdghaqmegelfvgdeaaefdyrdiedvrttheihheeeelpqepelvddimdihmvierdnasvsyydqanhenlgriedvghaihvvefhrdipeneregayaytmardgqlfkldlfglnrvascrvgtdardlalsrnsnyligglynpgqlfivdaetmeplkqistqgidldgqfvesrvcalydapnqgvfvaalkelgqvwlidytqdegdeafpvvaeidcartlhdgfftpdgryfmvasqtdgvmsvvdveeqelvrniptgevphpgpgamdpdtglawtthlgepvttawdtetweveaevevpggglflrehpdcdyiwcdvalrddpeldqliyaidrwdhtvemeietgsdhaihpifsrdgqrlfvshwpegeihvydshtgehieqvhddyitptgkfpmnraekfrfgwdg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvptrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Halomonas_sp._HGD1  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas sp. HGD1,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgetlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyenldalstveidtsrylhdggwdasgryfltaanesnqivvidaqereleaivdvgeiphpgrganfvdsehgpvwatshlgdatiqligtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfikthpesdnlyvdtalnpgegpsqsvavfdindleagyevlpiaewadvgegvkrvvqpeynqagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvivddetrelkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgdtlkpltivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedlnnlqvktidaarylhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvdkiphpgrganlvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkitflgtdpekykanawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdpkisqsiavfdvknldkgyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynvagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepikvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyapefivniketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgtkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkknkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdvdnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkikegvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpiwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnsdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdgltlepikvvstrgqtvdgdyhpeprvasivasmqkpewvvnvketgqillvdytdlknlktttiesakflhdggwdasgryfmvaanasnkvaavdtrtgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatghlgddvvslistasdeakyakykqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>Marinobacter_sp._C1S70  coded_by=complement(99453..100967),organism=Marinobacter sp. C1S70,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mnlnqaranlntilliagalitgpalaeqannqntetlylqqcaachgpdrlggmgpallpenlgrlkkaeaeqviregrpatqmagyktilndqqiaaltdfiyqppshelkwgeaeirssrevshpqgslpdepvfeadlmnlflvveigdhhvtlldgdkmepihrfpsrfalhggpkyspdgryvyfgsrdgwitkydiynlkvvaevraginmrniavsadgnyvlaanylphsmvlfdaadlemldiipvendagessrvsavyaapprdsfiaalkdipeawevtvenreakvrrmttdtllddfffdpgyqhligaardgkhgvvidldtgkttaelplpgmphlgsgitwehegrrvmatphfragaisiidmdtweviktlktegpgffmrshensryawadvffgpnadkvhiidkqtleivktlqpepgkvaahvefdrhgeklllsiwdddgaiivydadtleeekripmnkpsgkynvwnkinyeegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpawvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdtplnpdegisqsvavfdvrdleagyevlpiaqwadlgdgpkrvvhpefnaggdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrtlqhvingpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivasfikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdvakiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddkkfakykeynwkvvqeikhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwdmadlskpkavlnvakdsglpptkavkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsavvvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskldtltalvdvteiphpgrganladpkygpvwitsalgnenvtaigtdpaenpehawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpesknlwvdsplnpdtkisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvpmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviigtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltamvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtvigtdpvkhkqhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewadikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdeesaivvvddktrklktvikdkrlvt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqklvalidaekiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgndhvtligtdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvktrpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfavndleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddrtlelkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdlplvdlngdalienrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagfvsivpyadpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntrmlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgnpahawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydqdicaiskatgtldrcftvatngkavhfefnidgseamvsdwdpdgavivldsttlteirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdlplvdlngdalienrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagfvsivpyadpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntrmlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgnpahawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydqdicaiskatgtldrcftvatngkavhfefnidgseamvsdwdpdgavivldsttlteirrftglptptgkfn
>Paracoccus_denitrificans  coded_by=139..1929,organism=Paracoccus denitrificans,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
mrqrtpfarpgllasaalalvlgplaaaaqeqvappkdpaaaledhktrtdnryepsldnlaqqdvaapgapegvtalsdaqyneankiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltrdlgfdylqsfityaspagmpnwgtsgelsaeqvdlmanyllldpaappefgmkemreswkvhvapedrptqqendwdlenlfsvtlrdagqialidgttyeiksvldtgyavhisrlsasgrylfvigrdgkvnmidlwmkepttvaeikigsearsietskmegwedkyaiagaywppqyvimdgetlepkkiqstrgmtydeqeyhpeprvaailashyrpefivnvketgkillvdytdldnlktteisaerflhdggldgshryfitaanarnklvvidtkegklvaiedtggqtphpgrganfvhptfgpvwatshmgddsvaligtdpeghpdnawkildsfpalgggslfikthpnsqylyvdatlnpeaeisgsvavfdikamtgdgsdpefktlpiaewagitegqprvvqgefnkdgtevwfsvwngkdqesalvvvddktlelkhvikderlvtptgkfnvyntmtdty
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvitegdtlkplkimstrgmdvdgeyhpephvasivategkpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdiknlkettiesakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkvavvdtktgklaalvdtkakphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgadvisligtdpakhpkqawkvvqelknhgagslfvkthpksshlwadaplnpdkenaesvsvydiknldkppviinvakladlpeskavkravqaefnatgdevwysiwagktepsaivilddktlklkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnindlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkvavvdshdrelealidvektphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpqsnpdhawdavrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvnnldagfetlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>868,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvsltdvtkiphpgrganlddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtvlgtdpsghpenawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavydvnnleagyevvpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpdlitptgk
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtygtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnfediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvslietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialtgtdpenhpdnvwkmveslegqgggslfikthpestnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfnikdldkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkegteiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtygtqefhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketghilmvnfediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvavvdtkenklvslietgikphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialtgtdpenhpdnvwkmveslegqgggslfikthpestnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfnikdldkgydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnkegteiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Curvibacter_sp._PAE-UM  coded_by=complement(555887..557605),organism=Curvibacter sp. PAE-UM,definition=nitrite reductase
mkikkytqvaalalaalavsafaqdkkgvtapemnyqagtsplvnepmvqstnpkappmtqaefdvarkvyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdvtvskgtdylkifiaygspagmpnwqtsgemtekevdmmaryiqheppqppewgmeqmkqswkviippaqrptkkmnkynidnifsttlrdtgevalidgdtkqiinviktgyavhisrlsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmekpdnvaeirvglearsvdtskykgfedklaiagsywppqftimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaivashfkpefvvnvketgkillvdyrnidalkiteigaarflhdggfdaskryfmvaanqsnkiaavdmkegklqalidvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpvkhkqyafkevakltgpgggalfikshprsknlwsdaplnpdpkvsqsivvydinnldkgykvlpiaewadlkddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwsaknkqsalvvvddktlklkavikdprlitptghfnvyntqhdiy
>Labrenzia_sp._C1B10  coded_by=complement(222856..224403),organism=Labrenzia sp. C1B10,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mirltaslsalllmtslsvagpaqdyadncqdchgagrlggvgpalipetlgrmrgpdldavirdgrkatqmpafadilgadqiealaaflkeplsdvpdwtetdiaasqvinedyqpvekpvwqsdpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfetldrfatpfavhggpkfspdgryvfimsrdgwvqkydlyalqevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpmtltilstedlsvatvmdvtakdgtasrvsavyqapnrksfilalkdapeiwevatdpeadpvyegfvhsrekgmvealpssvglfarrriltaeplddfffdddyrhlvgasrdgargvvvnlnvgreiaelplegmphlgsgiswerdgrrvmatphlkegklsvidtetwkqiatiktdgpgfflrshentpyfwadvffgpnkdeihvidkesleivktlkpvegatvahveftkdgryalvsvweddgavivydastleeirrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>Labrenzia_sp._C1B70  coded_by=complement(222856..224403),organism=Labrenzia sp. C1B70,definition=cytochrome CBB3
mirltaslsalllmtslsvagpaqdyadncqdchgagrlggvgpalipetlgrmrgpdldavirdgrkatqmpafadilgadqiealaaflkeplsdvpdwtetdiaasqvinedyqpvekpvwqsdpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdtfetldrfatpfavhggpkfspdgryvfimsrdgwvqkydlyalqevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpmtltilstedlsvatvmdvtakdgtasrvsavyqapnrksfilalkdapeiwevatdpeadpvyegfvhsrekgmvealpssvglfarrriltaeplddfffdddyrhlvgasrdgargvvvnlnvgreiaelplegmphlgsgiswerdgrrvmatphlkegklsvidtetwkqiatiktdgpgfflrshentpyfwadvffgpnkdeihvidkesleivktlkpvegatvahveftkdgryalvsvweddgavivydastleeirrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkitfsegtsh
>Labrenzia_aggregata  coded_by=146037..147791,organism=Labrenzia aggregata,definition=Nitrite reductase precursor
mistrairrnallmsvaftlglsavgvsaqdkpadhgsgpsaayepsmstlgqlkveipgrkegdpvmtpeeyqnanqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkplttditrengyeylrdfitygspagmpnwgtsgelteeqvdmmaryillepasppefgmdemrkswkvlvapedrpkeklndididnlfsvtlrdsgqvalidgetyaihavintgyavhisrisasgrylyvigrdalvnmidlwmeepatvaqikvgtearsietskmkgwedkyaiagsywppqyvimdgdtleplkikstrgmvyddqtyhpeprvasivashynpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlktteieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkvavvdtkegkltalletggqtphpgrganlihptygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghpdsawkvvqtlyglgggslfvkshpksnhlyvdaplnpdaevsgaiavfnvddltqeepeykvlpivewadvgegqprvvqgefdqageeiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlelkhvikderlitptgkfnvfntradvy
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpkygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpeghpknawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdtsfsqsiavfdvnnieagfkvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktlelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlksrkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtklrklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpdhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdeaisqsiavfdvenlaagyevvpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkyvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkilmvnytdlenlevtsieaerflhdsgfdstgryffvaanarnkvavvdtkeatleaivetqgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdemisligsdpeghadnawkvvatlegqgggslfikthptsrnlwvdtplnpdadiassiavfnldnldagydvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqeeesaivivndktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgpslepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdyrdllnlkittleaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrtqkmaalvdvdkiphpgrganfthptygpvwvtsalgnekvtmvgtdperhpqyawkavgvlkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdttlnpdpkvsqsvavfdtrnpeagyqvlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqksalvvvddktrtlkavirdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklktviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgetleplkiistrgntvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysdltnlsvttidaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanksntiavidsknrkleklvevgeiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdasismigtdpakhpeyawkvagklegagggslfikthphsrnlwvdtplnpdaessqsiavfdldhldkgfqvlpiakwadlgsegvqrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngakeksaivvvddktrklktvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgetleplkiistrgntvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysdltnlsvttidaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanksntiavidsknrkleklvevgeiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdasismigtdpakhpeyawkvagklegagggslfikthphsrnlwvdtplnpdaessqsiavfdldhldkgfqvlpiakwadlgsegvqrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngakeksaivvvddktrklktvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvttqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvdysdienlavttidakeflhdggwdstlryfltaanksntvvvvdskerklaarvpvdeiphpgrganfvhsqfgpvwatsalgndkitligtdpekhpqyawkvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpeanisqtvavfdidnldagykvlpiaewaqvgpgpkrvvhpeynatgdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddrtrtlkkvikgprivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashkhpefivniketgkvllvnyedltnlevrtinaarylhdggwdstlryfltaanksdkiavidsqdrklvamvdvdkiphpgrganikhpkfgpawatsalgndkvtligtdpvghakhawkvvqvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdvnnldkgfevlpigewagvgegakrvvqpeyntrgdevwfsvwsgkeqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwiasalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsslryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkvavidskdrklaamvdvqkiphpgrganfihpeygpvwvtsalgnaditligtdpekhpkhawkvvevlqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeapisqsvavfdindieagyevlpiaewadladgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgftleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysdienlgvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavidskerklaalvdvekiphpgrganfkhpeygpvwvtsalgddsitmiatdpkghpehawkavgvlqgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdvaisqsvavfdindldagyavlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeyneagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkkvikgpevvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlavttipaarylhdggwdkthryfltaanksdkiavidskgrdlealidvtkiphpgrganfthpkhgpvwatsalgnenitligtdpnkhadnawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtiavydinnldkgfdvlpiaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvdysdvdtlsvrdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvaltdvtktphpgrganledpvygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpaghadnawktvrvlegmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqaiavfdvndldagfdvlpiaawadlgegpkrvvqpehnkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>830,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvfdgltleplsrvdlpmtdingatllenrvavivsshseptwnialkesgyvgivdyaqagfplvstiatqkflhdggfdstkryflvaanasnkmvvvgtatrslaatidtgttphpgrganwldpvygmvngtthigegklsvygadpvnhpeyawkvvreialpssgslflkthpnspwvlvdmtlssdgtsskqicayskanavldrcwtvatnglathfefnqdgsqvwvsdwatdgaviildgvtlvevarltglqtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>824,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydaltleplarndvpmqsitgetlpevrvaaiaashhdplwalafkesgfvglvdytlpgfplvkniaterflhdggwdhtgryflvaanasnkmvavdmqtqtmaasfttggtphpgrganwfdpvygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpigrpdvawtvvreitlpaagslflkthpnspwvlfdmtlsttsdkqvcaynketatldrcfqaatngkathfefnqagtevwvsdwandgavvvldgttlneinritdlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqyvimdgetleplkivstrgniydeqtyhpeprvasivashykpefiinvketgkillvdytdlknlktieieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkiavvdtkedkltalietggqtphpgrganfehpvfgpvwatshlgddsvalvgtdpeghadnswkivdsfpalgggslfikthpesshlyvdaplnpdaeisasvavfsipdmtadadpeykvlpigewagiaegqprvvqgefnmegteiwfsvwngkdkesaivviddktlelkhvikdprlitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtliatdpekhaehawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdisdleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynqygdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklkkviddariitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerdlealvdvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpdqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdiedldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgpevitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerdlealvdvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpdqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdiedldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgpevitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerdlealvdvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpdqawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshptsknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdiedldagydvlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgpevitptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgkilmvnyadvdnlvvteiaaarflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnkiavvdskndkltamidvgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgdetialigtdpsghknaawrvvrtlqgqgggslfikthprsknlwvdtplnpdpaisqsiavfdinnlengyeilpiaewagvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqqsaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdakdrklealidateiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplspdekisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlapieivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivasheypefivnvketgkillvnyedpenltvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgyanvtflgtdpkghpkkawktvriiegmgggslfvkshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvtlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdpnlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>863,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaailashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedlenlkitsidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkiavidskedkltalvdvgkiphpgrganfddpkygpvwatsdlgdekitligtdpkghkkhawkvvrnldgqgggslfikthpksnnlyvdtalnpsekisqsvavfdiknldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqtsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptg
>marine_sediment_metagenome  coded_by=<1..1622,organism=marine sediment metagenome,definition=hypothetical protein
iafmaggtqaiaeeakveseiasetelvltpeefessrqvyfdrcagchgvlrkgatgpdltpgkmkpkgnkklrdmlwygtakgmpgwgkmgvmtaaetdlmvkyiqndppippqwdmknvraswkllippdkrptkpehnrdvdnmfavilrdvgkvaiidgdtkevistvdsgyavhigrmsmsgryvysigrdgkctmidlwmkkpdtvaevrcsldarsvdvskfkgyedkyavvggywppqfvildgatleplkivstlsytydteefhpeprvasivashfapewvlciketgqvwlvdysdvhnpsikmieaerflhdggwdstkryflvaanarnkisiidakekrlvanvdtegikphpgrganwvdpefgpvwatghigddvisiigtdpvnhpdnafkmvakvqalssgnlfikthpkskwvwvdhplakkaknrttlgifdknnikggiyktlkvadygkavhleynkagdeiwvsiwgnlgdadkgkageivviddatltiktriknlltptgkfnvyntvrdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrelealidvtkiphpgrganlidpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtfigtdpenhpehawkvvrtipgqgggslfvkshpdsrnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfditdleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkagtevwfsvwsgkdqqsaivvvddrtrklkyvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>838,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
sywppqyvvydgltlepkavqsvlmpaidkeelkenrvaaivashheplwianlkesgfialidyskpdfpmveklatqrflhdggfdhtkrfimmaanmknemvvidtkekkfvtkfetgikphpgrganwedpkfgwvnatthigepkfsvygadpakkaehawkvvrelkvggpgslfvkthpkspwvwmdsplankeeetrqicvyskkegkiekcwtpmdrgrsvhfeynkdgtevwlsgwdkkgviiiyndkdlkeikrieedwvvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium_2303  coded_by=9151..10890,organism=uncultured bacterium 2303,definition=putative cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase NirS
mrlphsarprrarvaiaaltlvsawalaqaptqhkeitvpetayqagssplgdvemyqdinpkapgmskpefdkarqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdltiakgseylkvfikygspagmpnwgtsgeltdaevdvmaryvqqtppqppefglkemkatwkvvvppgqrptrkmnaynldnvfsvtlrdtgeialidgdsksiisivktgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinmidlwmakpdtvaeirtglearsvdtskfkgyvdkyaiagsywppqfvimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvgtqeyhpeprvaaivashfkpefvvnvketgkillvnysdlenlqiteiptaqylhdggydsthryvlmaanqsnkiavvdtkegkrvaivdvdkiphpgrganfehpacgpvwatghlgsekisligtdptkhpkyawkvcevldaqgggnlfikthpkshnlwvdtplhpdakisssiavfdirnlkagykvlpiaewsgvgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknqesalvvvddktlklkkvikdprivtptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketgrillvdyqdvdnlnvttldaarflhdggwdathryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkmvalvdcdkiphpgrganfvhpkhgpvwstsalgnekvtligtdpeghpqnawkvvqvlkgqgggslfikthpesknlyvdtplnpdtalsqtiavfdlenidapykvlpiaewaelgegakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvdgktltlkhvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlmdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghldhawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavydtgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddqtrklkkvtkgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>832,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvydgltlepiqrvdlplvdmngdplaenrvasivashsrpewvvsqkeagyvsivpyanpldfsisaniatakflhdggfdhtgdyflvaanasnlmvavnlntqtlealiptgqvphpgrgvnwidpvygwvnatshigegkvtvygadpvgnpahawqivreitlpssgslfikshpaspwvlvdmtlsatgydqdicaiskatgtldrcftvatngkavhfefnidgsevmvsdwdpdgavivldstalteirrftglptptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdisnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdisnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>848,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketgrvllvdysnldalsittldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiavvdsrerkmvaltdvdkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgdekvtllgtdpehhpqyawkvvqvlkgqgggslfvkthpkshnlwvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfdinnldkgytalpiaewaklgegakrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwnakdkksavvvvddktrklkkvirderl
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndprygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkslitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganftdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtliatdpekhkdhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnltvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltamvdvdkiphpgrganfahpkygpvwvtsalgnekitligtdpeghskhawkvvkvlsgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtplnpeagisqsiavfniddldagyevlpiaewagigegpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgerivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvfmdgatlkplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqypefiinvketgkillanysdldnlsvttinaarflhdggwdsthryfmtaanqsnkiavidskdrelealidvekiphpgrganfvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtfiatdpekhadkawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdsplnpdesisqsvavfdirnlgkgfgvlpiaawaelgegpkrvvqpeynadgsevwfsvwngkdqssaivvvddatrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdtdslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganledpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvdhpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ycapryvimdgatlepkkimstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkillvnysdienlavttinaarylhdggwdstkryfltaanksdkvavvdskerklvalvdvdkiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwvtsalgndkvtmigtdpvghpdhawkvvdvvsgqgggslfvkthptstnlwvdsplnpevsisqsiavfdinnldagfevlpiaewagledegakrivqpeyskdgtevwfsvwsgkeeqsvivvvddktrklkkviktdriitpfgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
sywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyqdidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtliatdpdkhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisrsvavfdignldagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsalvvvddktlklkkviddprivtptgkst
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_MH27  coded_by=complement(505512..506993),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa MH27,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_39016  coded_by=36..1517,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 39016,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(567225..568706),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(567227..568708),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_WS394  coded_by=complement(49728..51209),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa WS394,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_NCGM2.S1  coded_by=6062636..6064117,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa NCGM2.S1,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL17  coded_by=complement(272091..273572),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL17,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_6077  coded_by=complement(545733..547214),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa 6077,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_U2504  coded_by=complement(277548..279029),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa U2504,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWHPSA006  coded_by=complement(312959..314440),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWHPSA006,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL14  coded_by=133937..135418,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL14,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_JJ692  coded_by=complement(521429..522910),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa JJ692,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL08  coded_by=complement(602602..604083),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL08,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH030  coded_by=complement(271338..272819),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH030,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaenirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpniscgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetleplkvvstrgmtfdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshyrpefivnvketgkilmvdytdiknlktttvnaerflhdggldstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegsltalvktpgatphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetitligtdpeghpdqawkvvatlegqgggslfvkthptsrnfyvdtplnpdadiassiavfgldnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrivqgeynaagdeiwfsvwnaqseesaivviddktrkvkniikdprlvtptgkfn
>Alicycliphilus_denitrificans_K601  coded_by=complement(2446233..2447828),organism=Alicycliphilus denitrificans K601,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mpdlpcpalraaailalalagplhtaaraqapdapalyqqhcaschgaqrtglmgpallpeslertrpaevlrviregrqatqmagyagqlsgaeiqaladwvrtpvvpaprwgeadirasriatplpadepvkpkwdadpmnlfvvveggdhhvslldgdrftvitrfasryalhggpkftpdgryvffgsrdgwitkydlwrlqvvaevraglnmrnvavsgdgrwvmaanylphslalfdadlnlvktyeaatldgkassrvsavydaaprnsfvvalkdipelweisydkqaapiydglvhdykmgeaiakpgylgvrrtplseplddfffdqgyrhvlgatrpqagkseaasaqvvnldvrrkiadlpiagmphlgsgitfawrgttvlaspnlggtgvdvidmrswknlrtiptpgagffmrshentpyawtdsmmskdakdrltiidkrtlepvaevrepgktlahieftrdgryalasvwemdgalivydaatfrevkrlpmakpvgkynvwnkitrsegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmanykdinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavidskdqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpkkhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpdtgisqsvaifdignldkapqvvniaelaqlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmanykdinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavidskdqklaalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatghlgddsiaiigtdpkkhkanawkvvrslkglgsgslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpdtgisqsvaifdignldkapqvvniaelaqlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdsawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprskhlyvdttlnpdaaisqsvavfdideleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivviddksltlkaviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdsawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprskhlyvdttlnpdaaisqsvavfdideleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivviddksltlkaviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhleprvasiaashympefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgefnkdgdeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..1836,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=hypothetical protein
papvlrpgldlnqgerlfgcesappnnflrdkghmisrdikrfrlaalpalaivfqlafaeapaqkhmdaashdyqakggsplanvpmrqdinplapkmteaefekskriffercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlekgleylkvfikygsaggmpnwgtsgvlnddevdmmaryiqqtppappefglkemtaswrvvipvekrptkkmnnlnldnlfsvtlrdageialidgeskkivsilntgyavhisrmsasgrymfvigrdakinlidlwmekpdtvaeikvgmearsvegskakgfedkyavagtywppqfvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmvvgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshynpeffinvketgmvysvdyrdldnlkikmieaapflhdggfeskhryfmdaanasnkiavidtkegkltklvdvgktphpgrganfidpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpeqhpeqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdttlnpepaisqsvavwdinnlekgqellpigewsgikagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdpklltptgkfnvfntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdadtlsplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltavnqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpnfgpvwvtsalgnenitvlgtdpdghadnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdtplnpdeaisqsvavfdannldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpefnkdgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpemvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavidskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpenhkerawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>Thalassospira_xiamenensis_M-5_=_DSM_17429  coded_by=181481..183091,organism=Thalassospira xiamenensis M-5 = DSM 17429,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mipivkpvlariclgtvlvsglisttnafgqtalssaqiadanalyathcaachngdrlggmgpallpesleklrgngisdvirdgrvatqmpafgetlakteitlladwlrqpmdrspewgmseilqshnvfadpvelpdkpkfksdplnlftiveagdhhvtildgdtfepldrfptrfalhggakyspdgrfvylasrdgwvqmydlyslqtvaeirvglntrnvavsddgryvmagnmlphnlvlldardltpirefavigddgkssrvsavytapprhsfivalkdlpevweisyaddprpvypgfvhnyeanmvealdvqngpfpvrrihlddglddfffdqdyrhligaarngrdgqvinlnvgrkvadialegmphlgsgitfnyqghsvlatphlkdskisvidmeswqtiktietkgpgfftrshdntpyawvdvffgpdkdvvhiidkrtleivktlrpepgkvaahvefdrsgkhallsiwdddgaiivydaqtfeeikripmkkpvgkynvfnkitysagtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1 nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetmepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
pqfvimdgdtlnplkivstrgstvdtqeyhpeprvasivgshynpefivnaketgkimavnysdlknlkitiidaarflhdggfdstgryfmvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatsdlgdefisligtdpikhkaqawkvvqtltgqgsgslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpeakisqsvavfdirnldkgfevlpigdwadlgddgarrivqpeynragdevwfsvwsakdknsalvvvddktrklkavikdpelitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvveelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpkmtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvgysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>867,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepikivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedmdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavvdakdrelealidateiphpgrganfkhpeygpvwatsalgnenitliatdpkkdhawtvveilkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdiknldkgyevlpiadwaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkehesavvvvddktrklkkviksdklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivsshfhpefvvnvketgqtlmvnysdinnlkvtsigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqshkiavvdakdnklvklidvgriphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetiavigtdpanpdvhhqghpesawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkssnlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdiknldkpfkvlpiagwsgikdgprrvvqpeynkagdevwfavwngkeqesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsidaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvviidtkprklvkivetgnkphpgrganfihpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkmhpqyawkvvqklegqgggalfvkthpksknfyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdlndltkeyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsasqesaiviiddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashahpefivnvketgkillvnyedldnlavttipaarylhdggwdkthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrdlealidvtkiphpgrganfthpkhglvwatsalgnenitligtdpnkhadnawkvveilkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtiavydinnldkgfdvlpiaewaglgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteesalvvvddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>883,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimngetleplkvvgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlkvttigaarylhdggwditkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsreqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfthptcgpvwatsalgnpkitligtdpakhkahawkvcevlagqgggslfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdpkmsqsiavfdirhldkgfvvlpiaewanlgpgakrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngktersaivvvddktrtlkaviddkriitptgkfnegns
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdalepiqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdihaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiaiidskdrelealvdvtkiphpgrganfvdpeygpvwvtsalgnanitfigtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdatlnpdesasqsiavfdinnldtgferlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqdqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_sp._KG01  coded_by=25217..26890,organism=Pseudomonas sp. KG01,definition=nitrite reductase
mltrnrkpwvlslaslscalalalpitahgdtppgivkttgapdisqadfdaskqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqargqaylealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkaqittmatfiqhtaptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlntlnlqnifsvtlrddgkialvdgdtkqiiklidtgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdakidmidlwpleptkvaeikvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytiagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltittidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidsrerkltalvdvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdggisvigtdpvkhpqyawkqveslkgqgggslfikthpnsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfdldkldkgytvlpiaeysgikqgalrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqteesalvviddktlklkqvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Kangiella_koreensis_DSM_16069  coded_by=2263791..2265854,organism=Kangiella koreensis DSM 16069,definition=Hydroxylamine reductase
mnqslsiklslvssalavmlfasdashasddgkkayeancqachqptgqglagafppladnpnltpayvvetilkgksgplevkgqkynavmppmqhlsdeditdianyvltswgnelgevseddvkkvrsgaglgdrsagkphaeataaevaykgapstidgskmvvtpgappitedefetaqkiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatglplttditqkkgtdylkalinfgsprgmpnwgtsgeltekeidlmarfiqheppvppewgmpemkgswkvvvkpedrpkkpqhnydvddmfavtlrdagevaiidgkskkvlnyvktgyavhisrasssgryfttigrdgkidlidlymkkpsvvatikiglearsvensrykgyedkiaiagaywpphyvlmdgetlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivgshkhpefivnvketgqiklvnysdidnlqvttidaapflhdggwdssrryfltaanendtiavvdaedrelealipveriphpgrganfidpdngpvwatsalgnanitligtdpekhkdnafkvvrilegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtnvsqsvavfnidnldagfvtlpiaewadlgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgmkeesaivivddktrklkhvikgpkivtptgkfnnyntrnevy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>892,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqggdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpdvitptgkfnegqfqht
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgnanitvlgtdpvnhadnawkivrtpegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaslnpdaavsqsiavydvtistpatkfcrsrnglswgegpkrvvqpeynkdgdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkhvikgaelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgfnlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhreprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskdrelealidateiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatsalgndnitvigtdpnkhkdhawkvvetlhgmgggslfikthphssnlwvdaplnpdakisqsiavfdikdlgkgfevlpiaewaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngkteesalvvvddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>Azoarcus_sp._CIB  coded_by=complement(4020608..4022290),organism=Azoarcus sp. CIB,definition=Nitrite reductase
mqnhnwigktlalallpmavgaawaqsapemtadektkakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgknlephwaktaadgtkleggtlklgtarlekiisygteggmvnyddiltkeeinmmaryiqqtpdvppefslkdmkdswklivpvaerpkkqmnninlknvfavtlrdagklalidgdthkiwkvldtgyavhisrlsasgryvytvgrdglttiidmwyeepktvatvrlgsdarsvdtskfkgfedkyliggtywppqfsimdgetlepikivstrgqtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgqimlvdytdiknlksttiesakflhdggwdiskryfmvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaslidtakiphpgrganfmhpqfgpvwttghlgadvisvistasdnpkhakfkdknwkvvqelkmpgagnlfvkthpksthlwadapmnpereiaesvyvydlkdlskapsrldvakdsglpeskairrathpefneagnevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpaivtptgkfnvfntmhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmsvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganlrdpehgpvwvtlalgnanvtflgtdpaghpdkawktvrvlngmgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvnnldagfvklpiaewaklgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkft
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkvvstrgntvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgqtlmvdysnidalkvttigtarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdakegklvrlvdvgkiphpgrganfvhptygpvwatghlgdesisligtdpkrkdsafklvqtlksqgggslfikthpkshhlyvdnalhpdakvsqsvavydiknldkgyqvlpigdwagiaddgakrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktlklkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndlnagfvklpiaewaelgagpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivddktrelkavikdphlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssfikpewvvniketgqiilvdysdienlktttissakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdekknaqykqnnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvsvwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqftimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlrtttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqklaalvdvdriphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhkdnawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpaisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasilashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkgsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkvavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvlvtsalgnekitligtdpekhadhawkvvrtlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyadtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlalkkvindprivtptgkst
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkvlmvnyedidnlkvttigaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkvavidskedtltalvdvteiphpgrganlndpkygpvwvtsalgnenvtaigtdpvkhsknawkvvrilkgqgggslfvkthprsknlwvdsplnpdakisqsvavydvnnldkgfevlpiaewagikgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdeesaivivddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpeeaisqsvavfdvenleagydvipvaewadlgpgpkrivqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>Beggiatoa_sp._PS  coded_by=complement(179..1930),organism=Beggiatoa sp. PS,definition=Nitrite reductase
msinlflfirnllstvafsvflvmstaiatetdtetdatthpeiakpemvyegaprvmpdvkmvltagappmseeefeegkqiffdrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgteylkifitygspagmpnwgssgeldarqvdlmaryiqheppvppeyglkkmkdswqvmvppekrptkkmndydienffaitlrdagkvalidgdtkeiinviqtgyavhisrfsasgrylltigrdakinlidlwmkkpdtiakikigmearsvetskypgwenkyaiagsywppqyvimkvdtleplkivstrgmtidqeyhpeprvaaitssherpefivtiketgkillvnyedlanlkftsidaarylhdggwdstqryfmmaanksnkiavvdsregkletlievgkiphpgrganfvdsqygpvwaanhlgddsiaiigtdpdnhpesawkvvrtlkgqsggslfikthpksnnlyvdtvlspvakysqtiavfdinnlekgyevlpiaewaevgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkeqksaiviiddktrtlkqvikddrlitptgkfnvyntmndiy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(49564..51045),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdghyallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_PS75  coded_by=complement(294243..295724),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa PS75,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwtaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdghyallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgssleplqivstrgmtvdtkeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnysdvenlsvttipaarflhdggwdkthryfltaanksnkiavidsrerelealidateiphpgrganfehpkygpvwstsalgndnitligtdpvkhknnawkvvdtlhgmgggplfikthpnsnnlwvdaplnpdtsisqsiavfdignldkgfetlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkeqnsalvvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtltplrvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedienlkvttigaarflhdggwdknhryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqklvalidaekiphpgrganiedpefgpvwvtsglgsdeitligtdpeghpdsawkavrilhgmgggslfvkshpksknlwvdaplnpdpaisqsvavfdienldagfkvlptaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynmagdeiwfsvwsgldqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgekivtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BL15  coded_by=complement(551298..552779),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BL15,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqtrevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>886,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepkkivstrgniydeqvyhpeprvasivsshykpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlktveieaerflhdggfdstkryflvaanargkiavvdtkedkltalvetggqtphpgrganfvhpqfgpvwatshlgdesvaligtdpekhpenawkivdsfpalgggslfikthpnskhlyvdaplnpeasisasvavfdiekmnkdadpelitlpivewagiaegqprvvqpefnkegtevwfsvwgkkdgesaivvvddktlqlkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivsirgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvretghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddrtrtlkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlkpqkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnrlaiidskdrklvalpevtkvphpgrganivdpefgpvwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnnpdhawkvvreiagqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdtplnpdtsmsqsiavfdvndldagfdvlpiaewadigegpkrvvhpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>894,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimkgdtleplkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkpefvvnvketgkilladysdidnlkvteigaarflhdggwdaskryflvaanqsnkiavvdaktgkltktaegkpalvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkhgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkqkknawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpksrnlwvdttlnpnadvsqsvvvydinnldkgyqvvkiaemaqlgespkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivilndktrklkhvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimngdtleplkiqstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvasivathdkpefivnvketgkilvvdysdinnlktteigaarflhdggwdvskryflvaanqsnkiavvdsktnklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfkdpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkgnsknawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpkstnlwvdtplnpdakisqsvavfdirnldkpfevlpigewagvgegakritqpeynkagdevwfsvwsaknhqsalvivddktrklkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskdqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhkdqawkvatvlkgqgggslfvkshpksqhlyvdtplnpdpkiaqsvavfdignldagykvlpiaewanlgdgpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviesdpritptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>852,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfviadaktmeplkvvsargvnvdgnyvnesrvaaiydtpnhptwlvsmkelgqmwqvdysdidnlmiskmdtakylhdgfydptgryfqiaanasnkmvvvdtdtqkltalidtdkkphpgpganwidpkcgpvggtvhlgvgkitswgndpkgnpdkawkicheteldgagvfirthpksdyvwadqtkhpepevqqsiqvvskktreivktirltektgyaavhiefnndgsevwtsvwnrkdslkpngeiiifdaktlkeigrvkglytptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvlmdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvdysdmdalavttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdaqdreiealvdateiphpgrganikdpkygpvwvtsalgnenmtfigtdpkkhkehawkvvrtlsaqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdntlhpdakvsqsiavydvnnleagyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngqeqtsaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkimlvnyedidnmklteigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskegelealvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsdlgdegisvigtdpedhkdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdekisqsvavfdinnldkgfevldiagmaglgdgpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgskhesaivvlddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkimlvnyedidnmklteigaarflhdggwdstkryfitaanqsnkiavvdskegelealvdvgkiphpgrganfidpkygpvwatsdlgdegisvigtdpedhkdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdekisqsvavfdinnldkgfevldiagmaglgdgpkrvvqpeyneagdevwfsvwsgskhesaivvlddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgqtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivsshyaptflvnvketgqvmmvnytdlnnlkittigaerflhdggfdstgryfmaaanarntiavidtkddklvakietgttphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdevialigtdpvnhpqyawkmveelegqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpeasiassvavfdvdnlekgydvipvgewsgiaegvkrvvqgeynkdgseiwwsvwnaateqsaivvindktrklvkvikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywpprfvimdgntleprkivttrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiigshyrpefvvnvketgkilmvnyedinnlkitsvnverflhdggldstgryfmvaanarntigvidtkegkltalvteddgigatphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgddsvaligtdpkghpkqawkvvesleaqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdsplnpeaeiassvavfdtsdltkpfevlpigewsgisegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvikdkrlitpfgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnfsdvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrnmealidvtkiphpgrganfihpkhgpvwgtsalgnenitligtdpekhadkawkvvevlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdtkisqtvavfdinnldkgykvipvaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkteesalvviddktrklkkvikdkklvtptgkfn
>Thauera_sp._27  coded_by=complement(4317..6044),organism=Thauera sp. 27,definition=cytochrome c, class I:cytochrome d1, heme region
mivgsskhlraiaisalalacqaafaeapaghsdaamkeyqaagsplaevpmhhdinplaprmsepefdkasriffercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpdltlekgldylkvfikygspggmpnwgtsgvltddevdlmaryiqqtppappefglkemeaswkvvipvekrptkkmndlklenlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskqivsiietgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinlidlwmekpetvaeikvglearsvesskakgwedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlqprkivstrgmvvgtqdyhpeprvaaiisshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlenlsikmieaapflhdggfesshryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegkleklvdvgkvphpgrganfldpkygpvwatghlgdetisligtdpekhpdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthptsknlwvdttlnpdekisqavavwdidnidkgyelipigdwsgikagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngadqesaivvvddrtrklkavirdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgptlepkkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvnykdidnlsittldaarflhdggwdathryfitaanqsnkiavvdskdrrmvalvdaekiphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatsalgnenitligtdpenhkehawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtplnpdpkasqtiavydvdkleagykvlpiadwaklgpgpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqkeesaivviddktlklkkvikgpgmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlkpfkivstrgmtvdgefhpeprvaaivgshehpefivnvketgrillvdysdidalkvttldaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsreqkmvglidvdkiphpgrganfvhpefgpvwgtsalgnakvtligtdpeghpdqawkvvdvlegqgggslfikthpqsrnlwvdsplnptaevsqsvavfsldnldagyevlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktrtlkaviddprlitptgkfne
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgptlepmkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvaaivashynpefivnvketghilmvnyedmanlkvtsieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnklavvdtkdnklvalfesggttphpgrganfvhpihgpvwatshlgdeivslvgtdpvghadkawtvvqtlegqgggslfikthpvstnlyvdtplnpeaelassiavfdinnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynqagdeiwfsvwnskeqesaivavddktrelkhvirdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaasqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewanlgegprkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaasqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwvtsalgndkvtaigtdpekhkenawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdtalnpepkiaqsvavfniddldagyqvlpiaewanlgegprkvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklktvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>840,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvifdgltleplkvesvltptydtnepldevrvasivashydpiwvislkesghvalvdyskpdfpmvakipterflhdggfdhnqryfmvaanmrdqmvivdlknkemvtkfetgikphpgrganwedpeygwvnvtthlgepkmaiygadpegspdhawkvvrsleipssgglfvkthpnsdwvwfdsplsadeeltrqicvyskakgevekcwqpmdrgrtvhfeynkagtevwvsgwdrngeiivynddtleeitritgdwlttptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvqlvnyedinnpktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsnkiavidskdqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtlvatdpekhpqhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdinnleagyqvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktlklksvindpriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtklgklaalidtakiphpgrganfmhpkygpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsdkkehakykeynwkvvqemkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhfwadapqnpdkdlaesvavwsmsdlskpkailnvakdsglpptkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvknvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtktphpgrganlddpdygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdghpdnawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenltagydvipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpnvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgatleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgqillvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpkygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhaghawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpeisqsiavfdindleagfkvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqrsaivvvddktlklkaviddkriitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdvtkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpmygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpettrqyawkavgslkgqgggrlfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiamfdiknldegykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>876,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyqpefivsvketgqillvnfediqnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardkvavvdtkegkltaliesggvkphpgrganlihptfgpvwvtshlgdetisligtdpenhpdqawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdtplnpeaevassiavfdvnnldagyevlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnakdqesaivvvddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketgrillvnysdienlevttinaarflhdggwdsslryfltaanksdmvvvidskerkltakipvetiphpgrganfihpeygpvwvtsalgnenitligtdpdkhadyawkvvkvlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdtalnpeasisqsvavfdidnlaagyqvlpiaewadvgpgpkrvvhpeysekgdevwfsvwsgmeeesaivvvddktrtlkhvikgdrivtptgkfneg
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>864,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaladvtktphpgrganiedpeygpvwitsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdnawktvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwadaplnpdesisqsvavfdindldagfdklpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpgmvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>880,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqfvimngdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefiinvketgkimmanyedinnmkiteveaarflhdggwdsshryfmsaanasnkiavvdskdqelealvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsiavigtdpknhkanawkvvhslkglgsgspfikthpksknlwvdstlnpdagisqsiaifditnldkapevvniadlaklgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngatqesaivvmddktrklktvikdkrlitptgkfnera
>Halomonas_cerina  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=Halomonas cerina,definition=NirS
ywppqyvvmdgqtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkvqlvnyedldalstveidtsrflhdggwdstgryfltaanesnqivvidaqeraleaivdvgkiphpgrganfvdpefgpvwatshlgdatvqligtdpeghpdnawqvvrtlqgqgggslfikthpesenlyvdtalnpgeaisqsvavfdindleagfevlpiaewaevgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwntmdetsalvvvddktrelkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdaatlqpmkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaivdsrernlealvdvdkiphpgrganiddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwadsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivaphehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnledgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniavtdigaakflhdggwdrskrysltaanqsdkiavvdsrerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpekrpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqavavfdvndldsgfvklpiaawaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>888,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsseikpewvvniketgqillvdysdienlktttiasakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalidvakiphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatghlgadvvtlistpsddkknakfkehnwkvvqevkhvpgnlfvkthpkskhlwadspqnpdktlaesvsvwdmadlskpkavinvakdsglpetkatkravhpeysadgkevwislwggktdqsaivvyddatlkvkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>850,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
imdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidniavtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklaaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdkawktvriidgmgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsiavfdvndldagfvklpiaewaalgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyapefivniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalieigtkphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeknrdhawqvvqtlegqgggslfikthphstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgitegarrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Thalassospira_permensis_NBRC_106175  coded_by=complement(480774..482501),organism=Thalassospira permensis NBRC 106175,definition=nitrite reductase
mklttrlrrsaaplalgfglifasvaiaqekhpesestyepsleslptdgsqpgahegvptmtadefnqgrkiffercagchgvlrngatgpalttdrtrdlgydylhdfitygspagmpnwgtsgdlteeqidimaryvmqdppqppewgmaamkeswkvivpvdqrptqkmndldienlfsvtlrdagqialidghdykikyvidtgyavhisrvsasgrylmvigrdakidmidlwmkdpeivatikvglearsvetskmkgwedryaiagsywppqftimdgetleplkivstrgmtydeqeyhpeprvaaivsshynpefvvnvketgkvllvnyedldalqvtsisaerflhdggfdssgryfmvaanardtvavidtkerkltklvevgttphpgrganfihpklgpvwatshlgddtialigtdpekhpenawkmaasidglgggslfikthpnsknlwvdaplnsdaeiyhsvgvldinnldagvetlpiaewadlgdegaqrvvqgeynkqgteiwfsvwngkaeksaivivddktrklkkvikddrlvtptgkfniyntqhdiy
>Paracoccus_sanguinis  coded_by=3287..4822,organism=Paracoccus sanguinis,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mrplslaltlalpgvaladaaadyaehcaachaenrmggtgpalipetlgrvkgldaviahgrpstqmagfegtlspeqiaglvafikspvaevpawgapeiaasrvmaedytpadkpvfsadpmnitlvvetgdhhvsvldgdsfevldrfptpyavhggpkfspdgryvfvmsrdgwvekydiwslkevgrvraglnsrniamshdgkwlavanylpqtltildtatlepvkvievkakdgtpsrvsavyqapdrksfilalkdapeiwevatspdagpyedgyvhsyeagakesfgaqaglfarrripiaeplddfffdpgyrnligtnregtkgvvinlisggkvaelplpgmphlgsgitwkrdghtvmatphlnegvlsvidmtdwslvkqiktdgpgfflrshetspyvwadvffgphkdemhiidkqtleivktlnpapgktvahteftkdgryalvsvwedegavivydartleevkrlpmrkpsgkynvwnkihfeegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>866,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpdsltvtslnaarflhdggwdrthryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvaltdvtkiphpgrganiidpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtalstdpnganawdivrvlegqgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdsplhpdeaiaqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpefnkqgtevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkkvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
sywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqkltalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpknhkanarkvvrslkglgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpdaaisqsvaiydignldkapeiiniadlaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqnqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgytlepmkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiiniketgviklvnyedidnlsettinaarflhdggwdatnryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklaalidvtkiphpgrganimdpkygpvwitsalgnanitaigtdpkkhkdsawkvvrvlqgqgggslfvkshpksenlwvdsplnpdtaisqsvavfdvndleagyevlpiaewadlgpgpkrvvhpeynkdgdevwfsvwsgleeesaivvvddktrrlkhvikddrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>856,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlapkriistrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdinnltvttinaarflhdggwdsskryfltaanksdkvaivdskerklvtlvdvdtiphpgrganfthpeygpvwvtsalgndkitmigtdpeghpdqawkvvqvvsgqgggslfvknhpnsknlwvdsplnpeakisqsvavfdiddidagyavlpiaewadlsdgpkrvvhpeynkngdevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrelkevikgdrivtp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>855,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdsgwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlaalidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwvtsalgndkvtfigtdpaghpqhawkvvrvlngqgggslfvkshpksknlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdvenltagydvipiaewadlgpgpkrvvqpefnqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpnvit
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdidslsvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalpdvtktphpgrganlddpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpvghpdaawktvrvidgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdvndleagfvrlpiaewadlgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkehesaivvvddrtrslkavikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvvmdgdtlkprkivstrgmavdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfnpefvvnvketgkvlmvnyqdihnmkvttidaerflhdggfdstgryslvaanarntivvvdtktnklvakiktgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpvkhpqqawkvvqslegqgggslfikthpnsrnlwvdtplnpeaeiassvavfdinnldkeyevipvgqwsgitegvrrvvqgeynkdgteiwfsvwnsakqesalviiddktrklkkvirdkrlitptgkfn
>uncultured_marine_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured marine bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgetlepkkivstrgmiydtqefhpeprvaaivashyrpefivnvketgkillvdysdiknlkvttieaerflhdggldssgryflvaanardkiaiidtkegklvdviesggikphpgrganivhptfgpvwvtshlgdetvsmigtdpennpdnawkvvqtvegqgggslfvkthpqskhlyvdtplnpeaeiassvavfkvadltneepeytvlpigewsgitegvrrvvqgefnqagdeiwfsvwnsaeqksaivvvddktlklkneitdqrletptgkfn
>Chromobacterium_sp._LK1  coded_by=complement(5431..7113),organism=Chromobacterium sp. LK1,definition=nitrite reductase
mkspkqslftksvllallplaaahvradtaappageamhqnanakappmteaeftrgkqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditlargteylktfikygspagmpnwgtsgefndqqvdlmaryvqqepptppefgmqdmlatwkvqvpvdkrprrkenqldisnlfsvtlrdageialidghskqivsviktgyavhisrlsksgrylyvigrdgkinlvdlwmakpdsvaeiriglearsvetskyrgyddklavagaywppqyvimdgaslkplkivgtrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivashykpefvvnaketgkimmvdysdlanlktttidaakflhdggfdasgryfmvaanasnkvavvdtkldklaalvdvgktphpgrganftdpqygpvwatshlgddsislvgtdpekhkaqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpqsanlwvdtvfnpdaklsqsvavfdikhldkgfsmlpigewsglsdgakrvlqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkqsaivvvddktrklkavikdprlvtptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_M8A.1  coded_by=138829..140535,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa M8A.1,definition=nitrite reductase
mpfgkplvgtllasltllglatahakddmkaaeqyqgaasavdpahvvrtngapdmsesefneakqiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditqqrgqqylealitygtplgmpnwgssgelskeqitlmakyiqhtppqppewgmpemreswkvlvkpedrpkkqlndldlpnlfsvtlrdagqialvdgdskkivkvidtgyavhisrmsasgryllvigrdaridmidlwakeptkvaeikigiearsvesskfkgyedrytiagaywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdpqlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Magnetospirillum_sp._SO-1  coded_by=complement(19585..21120),organism=Magnetospirillum sp. SO-1,definition=nitrite reductase precursor
mvvgmtilaaptlaaedatrlyaehcaachggdrlgaigpallpenlgrlrkaeaekviaqgrdatqmpghadklspeqikvlaeyvytplaavpswgmaeikashvvsvdpaglparpqwttdplnlftvvetgdhhvtildgdsfkplarfasrfalhggakyspdgrfvylasrdgwitkydlytlqivaeiragvntrnvavshdgrflmvgnmlphtlvaldardlsplqvipvvgdekatsrvsavytapprssfvvalkdilevweipyaddagpvmngfvhsyekgleegispggrfqairirtpdylddfffdrtyervmgasrdgkkglvvdldikrkiaeidlpgmphlgsgiifrkdgrdymatphlkeavisiidmetwktvkriptlgpgffmrshentgyawidvsmgkekdaiqiidlnameiartlrpapgrttahaefdrsgkhvlisvmeadgelivfdaerfevvarmpmkrpvgkynvfnkinyssgtsh
>Thiobacillus_denitrificans_ATCC_25259  coded_by=complement(78456..80183),organism=Thiobacillus denitrificans ATCC 25259,definition=nitrite reductase (NO-forming)
mdtrlsilaasiflmgatqaiaadappsghpgtpdpelrykgapvpikpeeaqetitpkappvtaaefarakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpdvtlprgteylkvfigfgspggmpnwgssgilsdaeidimarflqheppmppeyglaemkatwklkvppekrpkkkmnkldlenlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivstietgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakidlidlwmkepavvaeikvgmearsvetskykgyedkyavagtywppqfvimdgdtlepkkivatrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvlmanyedinnlkvteieaarflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskkqkltalvevgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpvkhkanawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdstlnpeagisqsvaifdianldkapevvniaelaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngqtqesaivvmndktrklkavikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>898,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashyrpefivnvketghtllvnyedlnnlivtdvgterflhdggfdstgryflvaanarhkivigdtqeaelvaiiesggltphpgrganfvhpeygpvwatshlgdeivsligtdpeghpehawkvvqtlegqgggslfikthpnsnhlyvdtplnpepeiassvavfeiddldeeedeieyevlpigewagieegqrrvvqpefnedgtevwfsvwnaqdqpsaivivddktlqlkhvikgeeivtptgkfnera
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqytimkgdtleplkivgtrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashekpefivniketgkilmvnysdidnlqvttidaarylhgggwdstqryfltaanksnkiavvdskdsklealievgeiphpgrganfkdpkygpvwatshlgdesivligtdpdkykdnawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdtknsqtvavfdlknldktykvlpiadwaklgegpkrvvqpefnaagdevwfsvwsgkkeesalvivddktlklkavikdpklvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashenpefivnvketghillvnysdidnltvtdigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrernlealidvdkiphpgrganlddpefgpvwitsalgndkvtflgtdpeghpehawkvvrvlhgqgggslfvkshpesnnlwvdsplnpdeaisqsvavfdianldagyevlpiaewaelgpgpkrivqpefnkagdevwfsvwsgqqeesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpevitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=complement(180628..182109),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=putative c-type cytochrome
mrliglalglllgalaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqlddaaadalvaylyqapprepqwsaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytarprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleprkimatrgmtvdtqdyhpeprvasivashyhpefvvnvketgkilavnyedidnikvteigaarflhdggwdstmryflvaanasnkiavmdsktdklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgddsialigtdpekhkaqawkvvrtlkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtalnpaaeisqsvavydinnldkpfevvkvaemaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngktqesaivviddktrklktvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqxxxldgdtlkplkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyenpealtvteigaarflhdggwdatkryfltaanqsdkiavidsrerklvaltdvtkiphpgrgahfvdsefgpvwvtsalgnghitlvatdperpsdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkssnlwvdtplnpeagpsqtiavfdvnnlaagfevlpiaewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkagtevwfsvwsakdqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltvtsigaapflhdggwdsshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvarpphpgrgansvhpkygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdatfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>862,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
wppqyvimdgntlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivniketgkillvnyedvdnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrelealidakeiphpgrganfnhpkygpvwatsalgneditlistdpkkdhawtvvevlkgqgggslfvkthpksknlwvdttlnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkdqesalvvvddktrklkkvikgdklitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa_BWH054  coded_by=complement(11976..13457),organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa BWH054,definition=c-type cytochrome
mrligfalglllgslaqageapgealyrqhcqachgagrlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldaaaadalvaylyqapprepqwgaedirasqvqphplatlpsrprfeadplnlfvvvesgdhhvtildgdrfepiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlkvvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqasrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyangkpvapkrlavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeivtdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimdggtleplkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivashikpewvvnvketgmiklvdysdlnnlkettinsakflhdggwdstkryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvdtkkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsddpkyakfkqynwkvvkelkmpgagdlfvkthpkstnlwadmpmnperenaesmvvfdikdlskppvridvakdsglpmtkalrravhqefsqdgtevwislwggktdqsaiviyddktlklkkvitdpemtt
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimeadtleplkivstrgqtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvanlnvttigaarflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavidsrdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlddpefgpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpeghpdhafkvvrtlqgqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpeeaisqsvavydvnkleagfevlpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvikgpelvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>895,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimkgdtleplkiqatrgmtvgdqeyhpeprvasivashakpefvvnvketgkilmvnykdlnnlkvteiaaakflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegeleklidvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdetialigtdpekhkanawkvvrtlkgqsggnlfikthpkstnlyvdtalnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpyrvlpiaewsgvkegprrvvqpefnragsevwfsvwngkehesaivivddktlklkhvikdkrlitptgkfneraipah
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmtydtreyhpeprvasivashyapefivniketghilmvnyediknlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgtkphpgrganfvhpefgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpeknrdhawqvvqtlegqgggslfikthphstnlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdinnldkgyevlpigewsgitegarrvvqgefnkdgseiwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepkkvvstrgmtydtqdyhpeprvasiaashykpefvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlkvtaleaerflhdggfdrsgryfivaanardriaivdtkdgklvdvinsggvkphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdetisfigtdpekhkeqawkvvqtvkgqgggslfikshpkseniyvdtplnpvaelsssiavfkiadltqdkpkyqvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeynkdggeiwfsvwntktqesaivvvddktltkkavirdkrlitptgkfn
>bacterium_symbiont_of_Bolivina_argentea  coded_by=<1..>831,organism=bacterium symbiont of Bolivina argentea,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvynaltleplvrqdlpmesiegetlkevrvasivsshfeplwvlsfkesgyvglvdysqegfpsvkniaterflhdggfdhtgryflvaanasneivvvdieeksfvasietgatphpgrganwedplygwvnatphigepkvsvygadpehhpehawtvvreielpsagtlflkthpnspwvlfdmtlstdkdkqicayskenptlkpercfdvaqngkavhfefnkdgsevwvsdwasdgsvivldgitlneikrvpglitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmeaetlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpesltvteigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsherklvaltdvtkiphpgrganivdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqshpdhawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdtplnpdatisqgiavydvknlaagyevlpigewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmeaetlkpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedpesltvteigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavidsherklvaltdvtkiphpgrganivdpefgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqshpdhawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpessnlwvdtplnpdatisqgiavydvknlaagyevlpigewaglgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddktrqlkhvikgpeivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>857,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimkgdtleplkikatrgmtvdeqeyhpeprvaaivashakpefvvnvketgkilmvnykdldnlqiteigaarflhdggwdstkryflvaanqsnkiavvdskegelqklidvgkiphpgrganfrdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpqkhkadawkvvrtlkgqgggnlfikthpksshlyvdtplnpdpkisqsvavfdikdlskpfkvlpiaewsgikegprrvvqpefnragdevwfsvwngkeqesaivivddrtlkvkhviknkrlvtp
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqysimsgdtlepikvvstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivsshikpewvvnvketgqillvdysdiknlktttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkvaavdtktgklaalvetkkiphpgrganfmhpkygpvwatghlgdavvslistpsekkedqkykqynwkvveelpmpgagnlfvkthpksthlwtdlpmnperentesayvfdlkdlskppvkidvakdsglpvtkalrravhpeyneagdevwislwggktdqsaivvyddktmkvkkvitgpdiitptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimdgatpepikvvstrgmtydtqeyhpeprvasivashyapefvvniketghilmvnyedinnlkvtaieaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnkvavvdtkedklvalietgtkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkknkkyawkvveslegqgggslfikthpksknlyvdtplnpepelassvavfdidnldkgyevlpigewsgiaegvrrvvqgeynkdgseiwfsvwngkeqesaivvvddktrklkhvirdkrlvtptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_aeruginosa  coded_by=142146..143627,organism=Pseudomonas aeruginosa,definition=cytochrome C oxidase Cbb3
mrltglalgllllplaqaaeprgealyrqhcqachgaerlggsgptllpeslsrlkpaqarevilhgrpatqmagfagqldeagadalvaylyqapshaphwsaedirasrvqphplatlpaaprfqadplnlfvvvesgdhhvsildgdrfapiarfpsryalhggpkfspdgrlvyfasrdgwvtlydlynlevvaevraglntrnlavsddgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvqvipaadaqgqpsrvsavytapprhsfvvalkdvhelwelpyadgapvapkrvavadylddfsfspdyryllgssrqarggevieldsgarvasiplsgmphlgsgiywkrdgrwvfatpnisrgvisvidlqnwkplkeiatdgpgffmrshadspyawtdtflgkkhdeillidkqtleiahrlrpspgkvaghveftrdgryallsvwdrdgalvvydahsleevkrlpmnkpsgkynvgnkigyaegtsh
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgatleplklvstrgmtvdtqsyhpeprvasivashfhpeflvnvketgqvklvdysdltnlkitsvaaarflhdggfdasgryflvaanasnqvaivdtkenklvglvdtgqtphpgrganfnhaeygpvwatshlgdetivligtdpvnhpdhawkvvhelegqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdeeisqsvavfdtrdlakpyevlpiaewtqisdgprrvvhgeynndgteiwfsvwntkdkesaivvvddetralknvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>871,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgvtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgrillvnysdidnltvttinaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerkltamvdvdkiphpgrganfddpkfgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpqghpdhawdtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinnldagfeklpigewaelgegpkrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktrelkavikgpemitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgddleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefiinvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdieaakflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdshdrelealidaekiphpgrganindpeygpvwvtsalgnaditfigtdpqnnadhawqvvrvlqgmgggslfvkshphstnlwvdaplnpdesvsqslavfdindldagfvkipvaewadlgpgpkrvvqpeynqagdelwisvwsgqeeesavvviddktrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>872,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgntlepvrivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedidnlsvttipaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavvdskdrdlealidateiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatsalgnenitliatdpennkahawkvveilkgqgggslfvkthpkssnlwvdtplnpdtkisqsvavfdvnnldkgfevlpiadwaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeqesavvvvddktrklkkvikgkdmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysdieniaitdigaarflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskerklvalsdvtktphpgrganlvdpehgpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpkghpkkawktvrivegmgggslfakshpestnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdinsldagfvtlpigewaelgegpkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwsgkdqesaivivdekarelkavikdpylitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepfkvvstrgmiydtqeyhpeprvasivashykpefvvniketgqillvnyqdiknlqvttieaerflhdggfdaskryflvaanarnrvaivdtkdsklvavidskgekphpgrganiihpkygpvwatshlgdetvsfigtdpeknkehawkvvqtvngqgggslfvkshpqsanlyvdttlnpeaslsssvavfkiadlaqdkpkykvlpigewsgiaegqrrvvqgeydkdgteiwfsvwnsktqesaivvvddktlekkavirdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqiqlvnyedinnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsnkiavvdskeqkltalidvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwatsalgnekvtligtdpekhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkskhlyvdttlnpdpkisqsvavfdindleagfkvlpiaewarlgegpkrvvqpefnaggdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>877,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtleplrivstrgmtydtqefhpeprvasivashhrpefivnvketghtllvnyedidnlvvtdiaterflhdggfdstgryflvaanarnrlaiidtqegqlvdvidtsgdrphpgrganflhpefgpvwstshlgdatislvgtdpeghpenawrevatlegqgggslfikthpvsrnlyvdtplnpdaaiassvavfdldnldagydvlpigdwsgieeghrrivqgefnsagteiwfsvwnsqaqesaivivddatrelrhvirderivtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkiistrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgwvllvdysdlnaitetkleaarflhdggwdvthryfltaanqsnkivvidskereteavidvtkiphpgrganftdpkfgpvwvtsalgnenvtmigtdpekhkenawkvvrelkgpgggslfvkthpksknlwvdtplnpdanpsrsvavydinnleagfvslpiaewaevgegparvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkeqtsaivvvddktrklkkvikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgktleplkivstrgnvvgtqeyhpeprvaailsshfnpefmvnvketgkvlmvdysdlnnltiktidaapflhdggldssgryfmdaanasnkiavidlkerkltalievgttphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpkghpdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnstnlwvdtplnpdeesstsvavfdinnldkeykvipigeltgisegarrvvqgeynkagteiwfsvwngvkqqsaivviddktlkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgpsleplkivstrgttvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgrillvdysnldalkvttldaarflhdggwdstkryfltaannsdkiaivdsreqkmvglvdvdkiphpgrganfthpkygpvwatsalgnekitligtdpenhpqyawkavevlkgqgggslfvkthpksrnlwvdttlnptaaasqsiavfdiknldkgykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkkvlndprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>879,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=NirS
ywppqyvlmdadtlqpmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivnvketgkillvnyedpenlsvttigaarflhdggwdstkryfltaanqsdkiavvdskdrklvaltdvtkiphpgrganlkdpqygpiwvtsalgnanitalgtdpdghpdnawkvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpkstnlwvdsplnpdpaisqsvavyntgnleagfevvpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynkdgtevwfsvwsgkdqesaivvvddrtrklktvikgpelvtptgkfner
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqytimdgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysniddltvtdigaakflhdggwdrtkryfltaanqsdkiaivdskerklvaltdvaktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvaflgtdpeghpdnawktvrvvdgmgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdtgfsqsiavfdvndieagfkvlpiaewaelgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgkeqesaivvvddktlelkavikdpalitptgkfn
>Pseudomonas_syringae  coded_by=151312..153003,organism=Pseudomonas syringae,definition=nitrite reductase
mlisnrktfaltvatlcsalalavthaaranepaaaaasplmvksagapdmsqaefdsskeiyfqrcagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlsrgqpflealitygspagmpnwgtsnaltkdqitsmakfiqhapptppewgmaetlktwkvlvkpedrpkkqlsklnlpnlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivklietgyavhisrisasgryllvigrdaridmidlwpveptkvaevkvgiearsvetskfkgyedkytvagsywppqftimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdkqeyhpeprvaaiiashewpefivnvketgkvmlvnyqdiknltityidaapflhdggwdsthryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrklaalvevgktphpgrganfnhptygpvwatshlgddgisligtdpvkhpqyawkqvaslkgqgggslfikthpdsrhlyvdttlnpdaklsqsvavfnidkldagytvlpiaeyagikqgamrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgqseesalvviddktlklksvikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdiy
>Thauera_humireducens  coded_by=2117061..2118788,organism=Thauera humireducens,definition=nitrite reductase
mksaalkqfgvlavstlalacqvafaeapaghgdaamkeyqaggspmadvpmhhdinplaprmsepefdkakriffercagchgvlrkgatgkaltpditlekgleylkvfikygspggmpnwgtsgvlsddevdlmaryiqqtppappeyglkemeaswkvvvpvekrptkkmndlnlenlfsvtlrddgkialidgdskkivsvletgyavhisrmsasgrylfvigrdakinlidlwmekpdtvaeikvglearsvesskakgwedkyaiagtywppqfvimdgdtlqprkivstrgmvtgtqdyhpeprvaaivsshfnpeffvnvketgmvysvdyrdlenlsikmieaapflhdggfesthryfmdaanasdkiavidtkegkleklvdvgkvphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdphqhpdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthptsknlwadttlnpdekisqsvavwdidnidkgyelipvgewsgvkagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngadqesaivvvddrtrklkavirdprlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvvmdgdtlepikivstrgmavdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpdfivnvketghillvdysnieslsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiavvdsrdrklvaladvtktphpgrganlddpeygpvwvtsalgnanvtflgtdpdgnpdnawqtvrvldgmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesisqsvavfdindfdagfvklpiaewadlgegpkrvvqpeynmagdevwfsvwsgqeqesaivvvddktrelravikgpkvitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimegdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasivashyhpefvinaketgkismvdysdlknlktttidaarflhddgfdstgryflvaanasnkvavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfidpkfgpvwatghlgdetisligtdpkkhpdnawkvvrtlkglgggslflkthpksknlwvdttlnpeagisqavavwdinnldkghelipigdwsgikagpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqesaivvvddktrklkavirdpklvtptgkfn
>Nitratifractor_salsuginis_DSM_16511  coded_by=complement(1558524..1560233),organism=Nitratifractor salsuginis DSM 16511,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase (NO-forming), cytochrome cd1 type apoprotein
mklgtvlsyvaavslaatmaqagtskmdfakvyekecqgchgpihqggvgadlrpkalkkknkqmlvdtilegrpgtampawkskfsrddaagmvdwlmnwkntvelkldldqikkswkkladrealfkkyptptdvksvkdivfaterdaslvdfidgttgkvlsrhkagfavhvtvtnkrmpryaysisrsgrltmfdlnapgqpaiasvqvgqesrglavspdgkyvmagdynpggavlcdaktleplkvyptssvidpdgnigpsrvayiadtpyapyfsfalkdgghvyivdyskpdfpvvgdipnigkilhdafenegvdegrfvyvasqgsdlmgvvdlktkklaakiytgpgtkphpgqgsswyndkygqlnatnsmnvgdvviwnmdnkvvanvptaggglfvgtskdtpylwsdcvlggphnynkvylinkqtlktdriievgktkghlidahtgkilqewdatqyqtvkgkqvsskisketlltytakhgpkvknpvvprllhaepanhgkwtfisewttgrigvyesetgkfvkyiynmttptftysvehrqevpga
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvlmdgdtmkplkivstrgltvdpqeyhpeprvasiasshyrpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidaarflhdggfdstgryffvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgktphpgrganfvdpkfgpvwatghlgdesisligtdpirhkeqawkvvrslkgqgggslfikthpkshnlwvdtplnpdakvsqsiavydinnldkglemlpigewsglgdgakrivqpeynkagdevwfsvwsakdkesaivvvddktrtlkavikdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfaimdgetlepkqivstrgmtvdtqtyhpeprvaaiiashehpefivnvketgkvllvnykdidnltitsigaapflhdggwdnshryfmtaannsnkvavidskdrrlsalvdvgktphpgrganfvhpeygpvwstshlgdgsisligtdpknhpqyawkkvaelqgqgggslfikthpksshlyvdttfnpdarisqsvavfdlknldakyqvlpiaewadlgegakrvvqpeynkrgdevwfsvwngkndssalvvvddktlklkavvkdprlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvlmdgatlepkkivstrgytvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvnysgldalnvttleaarflhdggwdstqryfltaanqsdkiavvdakdreieaivdadkiphpgrganivdpefgpvwvtsslgnenitligtdprrhkkhawkavrvlkaqgggslfvkthpksdnlwfdnplhpdpkvsqsvavytvddiddpnatyevlpiaewadvgegparvvqpeynkagdeiwfsvwngleqvsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>885,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkivstrgmvydeqvchpeprvasivashyrpefivniketgqillvdysdiknlkvtsieaerflhdggfdsthryflvaanargkvavvdtkegtlvalietggqtphpgrganlmhptygpvwatshlgdetvaligtdpeghpeqawkvvqtlealgggslfvkshpnsghlyvdaplnpdaeisasiavfkvadmaqeepeytvlpigewagipegqprvvqgefnqagteiwfsvwnakdkesaivvvddktlemkkvikdpalitptgkfn
>uncultured_microorganism  coded_by=<1..>882,organism=uncultured microorganism,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyhpdfiinvketgkvlmvdysnlkalsvtsinaerflhdggfdstgryflvaanardtiavvdtkegrlvkliktgttphpgrganflhpkygpvwatshlgdetiaiigtdpvkhpqyawkvvqsldgqgggslfikthptsaniyvdtplnpeaelassvavfkvadlsqkepkykvlpigqwsgitegvrrvvqgeynkagdevwfsvwnsksqksaivvvddktltkkhvitdprlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>891,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgetlkpfkivstrgmtvdgeyhpeprvasivssetkpewvvniketgqillvdyadiknlkvttiesakflhdggwdaskryflvaanasnkiaavdtktgklaalvvtkkiphpgrganfkhpkfgpvwatghlgdavvtlistpsdkpadakykknnwkvvqevkhigagnlfvkthpkskhlwadapqnperelaesvavwdmadlskpkkvinvakdsglpatkairravhpeysadgsevwiplwggktdqsaivvyddktlalkkvitdpkmitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>878,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyaimdgdtleplkvvstrgttwdtqeyhpeprvaaivashyrpefvvnvketgkillvnyqdidnlnvttidaerflhdggfdaskryfltaanardtivvidtktgklvkkiregvgatphpgrganfmhpkfgpvwstshlgddsialigtdpkghpdsawkvvesidghgggslfikthpkstnlwvdaplnpdeevyqsvsvfdvnnldkgpeiipvakwaglnegakrvvqgeynkagtevwfsvwngkaqesaivvvddktrklkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>Vogesella_sp._EB  coded_by=14853..16547,organism=Vogesella sp. EB,definition=nitrite reductase
mksfrisalaqgvllatlpfaaslaladaagspaaqsqqemhqninpkappitkveferakqiyfercagchgvlrkgatgkpltpditlgkgtdylkvfiaygspagmpnwqtsgemseqdvdlmaryiqqepptppefsladieksrkiylpvekrptrkmnsynlenifsvtlrdsgevalidgdskqiiniiktgyavhisrlsksgrylyvigrdarlnlidlwlpkpdnvaevkvglearsvetskfkgfedkiavagtywppqfvimdgdtlkprkvvstrgmtvdneyhpeprvasivgshykpefvinaketgkimmvdysdlnnlktttidsakflhdggfdssgryflvaanasnkiavvdtkedklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkygpvwstshlgsedvtligtdpvkhpqyawkavsvfkgqgggslfikthpksknlwvdtplnpdakvsqsvavydinnlakgpqvidvaacakladdgakrvvqpeynkggdevwfsvwsaknkesaivvvddktrsckavikdkrlitptgkfnvyntqhdvy
>Pseudomonas_stutzeri  coded_by=complement(2274..3785),organism=Pseudomonas stutzeri,definition=cytochrome Cbb3
mqlipalllaaalpaatfvaldmavaapsptdaqalyqthcqschgvnrlggagpallpeslsrikpaeahavirdgrpasqmaayshvlneaqiaglvdylyqpsavpptwsdadirashrilkdlatlpttpqhgadplnlfvvveagnhhvrvldgdrfeelanfqshfalhggpkfspdgrfvyfasrdgwvsvydlhnlsmiaevraglntrnlavsndgrwvlvgnylpgnlvlldardlslvkhipavgqdgtpsrvsavytapprdsfvvalkdvkeawelsyageptfeprrieaadflddfsftpdyrhllatsrkahggqvidldtgkavtdiplpgmphlgsgiywkrdgkwvfatpnvskglisvldlqtwklikeiptegpgffmrsqanspyawtdvffgpnndavhlidkqtlevahtlrpmpgknaahveftndgryallsvwdtdgallvydantleevkripmnkpsgkynvgnkiefaegtsh
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepleivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvasivashfkptfivnvketgkimlvdyedikdlevteiaaarflhdggldstkryflvaanasdkvavvdtkegrlvslidtgikphpgrganfthpkfgpvwatshlgdesivligtdpkkhpdqawkvvqklegqgggslfikthpksknlwvdttlnpeaeiassvavfditnldkpaeilpigewsgisegvrrvvqaefnkagdevwfsvwnakdqqsaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqytimngdtleplqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkillvnyedidnlsvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsdriavvdskdrelealpevtkvphpgrganivdpqygpvwvtsalgnhnisflgtdpedhaghawrvvrtlegqgggslfvkshpqsrnlwvdtplnpdplisqsvavfdidnldagydvlpiaawaelgegpkrvvhpeysmdgtevwfsvwsgqnqesaivvvddrtrklkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgdtlepmkivstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgkillvnyedvenlnvttigaarflhdggwdaskryfltaanqsnklavidskerklvampdvtqvphpgrganivdpelgplwitsalgnenitfigtdpvnypdnawkavkilagqgggslfvkshpnssnlwvdaplnpdpaisqsiavfdvndldagyevlpiaewaelgegpkrvvhpeynadgtevwfsvwsgqeqesaivivddrtrtlkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvimdgatleplkvvstrgmavdtqeyhpeprvaaivashfhpefvvnvketgrilmvnyedienlkvtsiaaerflhdggfdssgryflvaanardkvvvvdtktnkrvaiietgpkphpgrganfvhpkygpvwvtshlgdetvaligtdpeghaqhawkvvqslegqgggalfvkthpkstnlwvdtplnpeaaiassvavfdinnleagyevvpigemsgisegvkrvvqgeynkagdeiwfsvwnakkqqsaivviddktrklkavikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>861,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative nitrite reductase
pqyvimkgdtleplkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefivniketgkvllvnyadvdnlavttidaarflhdggwdsthryfltaanksdkiavidskdrtlaamvdvpkiphpgrganfndpkygpvwassclgddclavigtdpkahkdsawkvvrnlktqgggslfikthpksknlwvdnplnpataisqsvavydinnldkgydviriaeaaelgegpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwsgkeeesaivivddktrkvkhvikdrrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvtkiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagferlpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivivddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory reductase
ywppqyvimdgatlepmkivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketghillvnyedvenlsvtdigaakflhdggwdrskryfltaanqsdkiaiidsrdrdlealvdvtkiphpgrganiddpeygpvwvtsalgnanitflgtdpeghpdnawkvvrtlegmgggslfvkshpnstnlwvdaplnpdesasqsiavfdinnldagferlpigewadlgpgpkrivqpeynqagdevwfsvwsgqeeesaivivddktrelkhvikgpeiitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=putative dissimilatory nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgktleplkivstrgmvvgtqeyhpeprvaailsshhnpefmvnvketgkvllvdysdlenltiksidaapflhdggldssgryfmdaanatnkiavidlkdrkltalievgtiphpgrganfkhpkygpvwatshlgdetisligtdpkgnpdsawkvvqtlegqgggslfvkthpnstnlwvdtplnpdeesstsvavfdinnldkeykvipigelsgisegarrvvqgeynkagteiwfsvwngvkqqsaivviddktlkvkkvikdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_organism  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured organism,definition=cytochrome cd1-containing nitrite reductase
ywppqfvimdgdtlepkkifgtrgmtvdtqqyhpeprvaaiiashehpefiinvketghiylanyedinnlkitsisaapflhdggwdsthryfmsaanasnkiavvdskeqklaalvdvgkiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatshlgdetialigtdpkghkanawkvvqtikgqgggslfikthpksknlyvdttlnpdakvsqsvavydigsldkgpeilpiaewadlgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkdqksaivvvddktrklkhvikderlitptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>852,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
timdgdtlkplkvvgtrgmtsdtneyhpeprvaaivgshykpeflvnaketgmvhmvdytdlenlkvkmiktprylhdggfestgryfmdaanasdkiavidtkdgklehvvsvgktphpgrganfihpkfgpvwatshlgdetvsligtdpkknsqyawkvvqtlkaagggslflkthpksknlwvdaplnpdtaisqsiavfdinnldkgfdllpigewagvkpgakrvvqpeynyagdevwfsvwstgseesaivvvddktrklkavikdarivtptgkst
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>874,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdvnnlsvttipaarflrdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskerelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpekhkknawkvveilhgmggsslfikthpesknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvitdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_denitrifying_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>873,organism=uncultured denitrifying bacterium,definition=nitrite reductase
ywppqyvvmdgftlepkqivstrgmtvdtqeyhpeprvaaivashqhpefiinvketgkillvnykdvnnlsvttipaarflrdggwdsthryfltaanksnkiavidskerelealidateiphpgrganfvhpkfgpvwatsalgndnitligtdpekhkknawkvveilhgmggsslfikthpesknlwvdaplnpdtkisqsiavfdinnldkgfevlpiaewaklgdgpkrvvqpeynkagdevwfsvwngkteksalvvvddktrklkkvitdkrlvtptgkfn
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>870,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
wppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkst
>uncultured_bacterium  coded_by=<1..>869,organism=uncultured bacterium,definition=dissimilatory nitrite reductase
wppqytimdgltleplkvvstrgmtvdtqefhpeprvaaivashehpefivnvketgqvllvnyedidnlktttigaarflhdggwdstkryfmtaanqsdkiavidskdqklaalvdvdkiphpgrganfvdpqygpvwvtsalgnekvtligtdpvkhadhawkvvrvlkgqgggslfvkthpkstnlyvdttlnpdpkisqsiavfdinnleagykvlpiaewanlgegpkrvvqpeynaagdevwfsvwngkdqrsaivvvddktlklkkviddarivtptgkst
